# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：13.从随意到严肃的转变

Alright， so in this video， we'll be talking about transitioning from casual to serious。 right。

 So now let's say you've successfully attracted your girl already。 You've worked on yourself。

 You've went through the four becomings and thus successfully attracted girl。 You know the MVP。

 You know what you want You're starting to deploy test， etcter。 How do you actually。 So you say like。

 okay， this is the 1 I like。 She's really fucking amazing。😊，How do I do this。

 How do I make him my girlfriend Now this is what we're gonna talk about this video and the cool thing is many guys。

 they either start way too serious， way too early and basically scare away the really high quality woman or guys are stuck in the player role and fuck it up with the girl that actually totally be ready to commit but they really don't know how to transition properly so the girl just like。

 you know， wonders off at some point So that is not going to happen No bull okay so first and foremost who decides what your relationship to her is。

You， you， you， you， you， nobody else。 Not even the girl。 Okay， understand that。 This is so key。

 Women want to be shown their spot in their man's life。 Okay， that's what they're attracted to。

 that's what they they pride themselves in。 My man is strong。 My man。

 He makes those decisions for us。 You know， it really is like you're doing the girl of favor by saying。

 yo， this is my life。 and this is your spot in my life。 They want that。

 they're waiting for you to do so。 Okay， at this point， it should by way。

 be totally natural for you So take responsibility in your fucking life。 You know。

 the fourbes anyone you， you should not be like， well what is your girls you know。

 it's your fucking life。 you choose， okay， so you should definitely be ready to take that step to make that decisions。

😡，Right， and one more time again， because it's so fucking important。

 you need to be testing the girl before you even consider dating her exclusively。 Okay。

 you need to be tested。 This is， there's absolutely no way around that。

 So ask yourself the following questions。😡，R， do you know how to spot a low self esteem woman and is she high self esteem。

Does she fulfill your MVP？Have you been testing her and has she passed those tests？And obviously。

 all three of those need to be a clear。 Yes， okay， Otherwise， you back in abundance out。

 go me to other girls。 All three of those need to be a yes。

 Why the fuck elses would you go in like Sue's ratio with her now。😡。

I have to say it doesn't need to be a yes in order just to hang out with her。

 It just needs to be a clear as father them in order to be in an exclusive。

 serious relationship with her。 If it's not fully a yes， no problem。 Have her be your fuck buddy。

 you know， Travel around with her。 Do whatever fuck you want， but don't commit to it。 Okay。

 there's a reason why you're setting up all those standards。 Okay。

 you only want to get the highest of the highest quality women out there to be your girlfriend。😡，Now。

 let's go talk about the next point。 You's say you're getting yeses for all these tests。

 right she's really fulfilling the MVP， etc ceter。 Now you got to understand。

 And we've talked about this before。 player first， then boyfriend。

 we've talked about this in the becoming sexworthy chapter already。 But one more time。 F boy first。

 then transition into more depth。 the other way around is incredibly difficult。 And I say it again。

 why is it incredibly difficult。 Well， the fuck boy is able to get her attention。 He's able to lead。

 He's able to read her emotions and gives her what she needs her order to feel attracted。

 right That attraction is crucial。 for any relationship right it will it needs to always be intact。

 If your provider first， she simply won't fucking in respond to you。

 Okay now what I'm gonna do here is。A quick excerpt from a really interesting book。

 The book is calledLo is a story， and I'll have it。 I'll have it in the program。

 will'll put a reading list here in the members' area so you can check out the really good stuff。

 And this is wonderful because it's a mainstream book for sure。

 but it's explaining it a harm perfectly what's going on。

 So he gives an example of the exact same dynamic that that we're talking about here。

 And that's the following。 Maria is being caught as simultaneously by two men。

 Sam is everything she's always wanted。 intelligent， attractive， successful， considerate， stable。

 Maria's friends see Sam as a wonderful catch。😊，Kurt， on the other hand， looks terrible on paper。

 He's intelligent， but in a cunning sort of way。 He's attractive， but not very successful at work。

 He blows hot and cold with Maria， paying attention to her for a while。

 then seeing other women on the weak as the pretexts。 Curt is about as unstable as they come。 Yet。

 Maria loves him。 She doesn't know why she only knows it's true。

 She knows that she should prefer Sam。 but it's Curt。 She wants。that's good。 It's so beautiful。

 right。 Now， here's the cool thing。 I love how the example here。 again。

 little mainstreamy describes Curtis unstable。 really， let's try to focus on this word。

 Kurt is the unstable guy because， you know， that's what the the mainstream narrative says。

 like there's only the one unstable kind of guy。 And that's the player guy。 playerer equals unstable。

 And I don't even disagree。 That is usually what's going on。 right。

 because usually there's two kinds of guys。 if they don't know pickup or game， if you will。

 There's the ch。 a K， the noop， who has no game is fully bought into the mainstream narrative。

 You know， probably has a stable job and all that because he has it because he wants to score a hot chick。

 And then there's the naturally good with women kind of guy。

 Usually a little narcissistic doesn't give a fuck。 Parts a lot。

 drinks just knows how of fuck a lot of girls， but not much more。 barely ever。😊。

Is it a guy who is both good with girls and has health wealth， you know， education set in place too。

 that is super fucking rare。Now that is where you come in a game。

Isn't that cool because you know the way oursD teaches game？

You're getting basically the full fucking package。 First， you learn how of Spiky girls's emotions。

 right， I mean， come on， That's probably the first kind of videos that you've watched of me。

 The gaming stuff。 What to say to the girl， like the infield footage come here， dirty horse。

 fucking and all this pulling right That's what we're giving you， man。 And of course， that's great。

 You know， we learn we teach you how to Sp girls emotions pull them， fuck them done， you know。

 and then work on your health， your education， your career， your mindset， your spirituality。

 you've probably watched a bunch of these long grass free tour videos of me or my under instructor colleagues。

 even though you basically started watching us because of the game stuff。 and all of a sudden。

 you watching the happiness， manifesto， you know the how to create more work ethic and all the shit。

 you are the exception do that rule， for the first time in history。😊。

There is something that embodies both。Not just the guy was naturally good with girls kind of narcissistic drunk party guy。

 not just the show who has a stable job， but has no game now。 you're both。

 you know how to fuck the horse。 at the same time， you know how to be deep。 for example。

 with this program right I't that crazy。 isn't that wonderful。 And then again。

 mainstream narrative doesn't know about the shit yet。

 So they only know Kurt the nonstable guy and what was other fucking guy。

 Jimmy Sam the super stable guy But he was no game girl' real attracting right Now you're both。

 So again， by reeling her in with game。 you know， you're actually attracting girls that would otherwise end up with the bad voice right。

 Since you're quote unquote seen by them as a bad guy first。

 and then you slowly transition into more depth。 you know， the becoming deep chapter。

 you're literally the best fucking thing that could ever happen to her。

 you're doing society a favor by being a dumb as fucking fuck boy who pulls hose。

 but then slowly transition。Into the provider who's really， really cool and teaches the girls a lot。

 You know， we've talked about the mental role many guys have。

 How amazing is that you're working positively on society， You're really having a profound effect。

 How great is that really take a second to think about that。 How promotion。😊，So again。

 first fuck boy， then the lover， the provider， right， first the lover， then the provider。 First。

 the guy who pulls her， then the guy who's deep。To's talk about one concept here real quick。

 patience。Patience， by young Paow， patience， yo much have， right。

 we're going to have to pay fucking royalties because I said there。

So honestly wait a long time until you draw that line of saying now I'm in a relationship with the girl wait as long as you can keep those options open again you can totally hang out with a girl and have a good time but you got to be 100% sure MVP testing her high self-estseeem of all those things before you say okay now you my girlfriend wait okay and to be honest again remember you want to like her you want her to pass all your tests okay you want her to be perfect。

 don't be blinded by your own wanting that she fits in you got to be as objective as you can about these kind of things。

This is super fucking key now。😡，Let's talk about the actual transition。

The actual transition of little casual to k on serious。 Now， I want to say。

 don't put too much emphasis on making it official， You know， in social interactions， sex。

 love and all these kind of dynamics， Girl never put much emphasis emphasis on words in case you haven't noticed yet。

 It's not about what you says but how you said， right， Much rather， they put emphasis on divine。

 the behaviors of you。Guys always want look， we always want to impose this logic on the shit。

 You know， you are not my girlfriend。 You know， here's your badge。 like it's now official。

 We are logic logic about the shit for women。 it's much more about the vibe and what's happening and the two of you haven't been doing together。

 etc， right So you might even say shit like but I want to make it official right So she doesn't cheat on me So she doesn't run off with another guy catchcha if you think that youre back to the fucking star of this program because the reasons why you think that are either you have no trust in your own value which means go back to the fucking forbes and better fucking work through those or you have no trust in her。

 which means have you been testing her， have you deployed the MVP on her do you know she high selfesteeem。

 like again， if you catch yourself with this fucking shit。

 gets your fucking aspect to the drawing board， you should not even think about getting in a serious relationship with this girl。

😡，Because you're not ready。Okay， now the way you actually transition is。

You basically let her into your life more and more。 For example。

 this is just doesn't you necessarily need to be in this order。 First， you guys just have casual sex。

 and you know， and then she leaves or you leave done。

 Then your conversations and activities around the sex。 get longer， you know， you go on longer dates。

 You spend more time after the sex。 You know， you go for food， yada yada。

 Then you might let her into your friend's circle。 You know， remember。

 it's a great way to test her to having her get to know your friends。😊。

Then you might go to events together。 For example， I took my girlfriend to a free tour。

 was Julia's free tour。 I spoke to myself a little bit。

 like any kind of events that you can go to that are not necessarily a date。

 like shit that you experience together。 Then， for example， you could say， you know what。

 let's travel together。 Even small weekend trips are cool。 But you see now。

 like a girl that you traveling to like a hotel at some fucking trip together。 It's already。

 it's not necessarily just a casual sex fuckingbody kind of thing。

 It's already getting a little more serious， And then， for example。

 she meets your fucking family and your parents right These things is you transition through that and you get her more and more into your life。

 right The way this work the reason why these things work so wonderfully is because。😊。

The girl associates these things with a relationship， okay， especially， for example。

 the meeting friends or meeting families。 So the girl sees it like， oh。

 this is becoming something more serious。 I understand， okay。

 I think about to be in this relationship kind of thing。 Now。

 let's talk about the talk because you could still be like， okay well， I hope she's getting it。

 not quite sure， I do want to have that talk。 now， you know， the talk I'm like what are we， know。

 I have to say， ideally， the talk is started by her。 if she says like。

 what are we like what's going on。 what is this what we're having， if she starts that talk。

 it's a great sign that she's full on ready to go。 like literally is a great sign。

 she's totally thinking about relationship already epic but it could also be that because it's in girls nature and never really do the first step that she's totally thinking about it。

 but she would never even ask about having the talk。 So don't forget out if she's not doing it。

 But if she's doing it， it's a great sign。 know， and honestly， when you have that talk with her。😊。

Should never be a big deal really， again， ideally， she gets it already from you letting her more and more into your life。

 and but overall， it should not be like this big deal like you shall now be my girlfriend the badge again。

 this shit。 No， you don't have to do any of that the way I would do it And the way I did it in the past was like hey。

 name I really fucking love hanging out with you give her specific reasons like you're really amazing。

 I love that we do drugs together。 I love that we can talk about psychology。

 yada yada like give her a specific reason what you actually love hanging out with you。

 And I like it to such a degree that I pretty much consider you as my girlfriend by now。Done。

 so let's look at that。 number one， it's not a big deal。 Like， you're so beautiful。

 I think you have my girlfriend now， that's all just like showed you。 I' like， y。

 you're pretty much my girlfriend right now。 I love hanging out with you。😊，Right so again。

 it's not a big deal。 Also you say that I consider you as my girlfriend right now。

 What do these words mean， you're leading， I consider you， you're defining the frame。

 you're given her the position in your life。 You're not suggesting it Like so maybe boyfriend and girlfriend now or even worse like asking her like do you want to people like girlfriend fuck this it's your frame。

 you're fucking life And again， but at the beginning of the video。

 I said it's you who chooses what kind of relationship that is And if you've gone through the forbes super well successfully right and you've done all the testing enough of her you have the MVP and you continuously being a little bit of a chance for by the time she hears those words。

 I consider my girlfriend， she'll be super happy。 She'll literally feel like， damn man。

 I hit the fucking jackpot finally， you know， Most likely she even be like of course。

 boyfriend and girlfriend because she understood the transitional。And she's not dumb。

 understand honestly。See how she reacts when you say you're pretty much my girlfriend now。

 if she's confused， it could again be a sign that it wasn't very clear the way you've been transitioning and go ahead and explain it to her right like。

 yeah， pretty much think you're my girlfriend now because we're hanging out and all my friends like you and you're behaving super well And when we went to the weekend trip it was super epic and I love hanging out with you。

 yada yada， yada， don't make it don't justifyified like， well， the reason for that。 be like， yeah。

 that' I consider you because of these things again， no big deal。

 Okay now it could be that she's just not okay with it。 She's like， no。

 I don't want to be girlfriend。 And I want to be to be a couple。

 then it's no fucking problem and you guys keep doing what you're doing keep doing the casual thing。

 You keep doing what you're doing Okay you go back to the fucking drawing board。

 see what you did wrong with the finding the right girl right。

 as well as the testing her have you been working through that properly where what might have been a mistake there。

 because she's not okay with it。😡，And then again it's no big deal。 you keep doing your thing。

 she keeps doing your thing。 you can still meet casually and it's done。 maybe she'll change her mind。

 maybe not。 it's not like you need to now convince her or she wasn't sure starting to work on her no that's it man if she doesn't see if shes seriously doesn't see the value in gaining that prize of being your girlfriend。

 then she's not worth it anyway know and again it's totally cool just remain casual with her okay but this is super。

 super unlikely if you truly deployed testing her the MVP as well as deployed patients and all these things then it's very。

 very unlikely that she will not be into the relationship。Let's talk about sex and how long to wait。

Now， we've already talked about this in the sex and love chapter。

 But remember we're just gonna go through the same point here。 just for the sake of complaity。

 completeness。 Remember， sex is crucial。 The first steps in any relationship with a partner of the opposite sex needs to be sexual attraction and sex。

 again， a common misconception is， well， many girls use the withdrawing of sex to see how serious the guy is。

 you know， but honestly， the same time probably while you're choing yourself out waiting for the sex because you respect her so much。

 She loses interest。 She might even fuck some other dude， You know， how crazy is that。 Again。

 the girl of your choice will make you feel like you should be a。

 she will be throw everything she can on you be a showed wait for the sex， be a sexless entity。

 But this， in essence， is a big gigantic shit test， Okay， because she wants to see。

 I he a cool alpha male now， or did he just act。Like that to initially attract me right is he is he seriously going to have me define this relationship I'm a girl。

 I don't want to fucking define anything I want him to lead yo。

 this is a shit test come on please wake up you know if you ever had that yourself or heard of a friend a girl would give him this excuse like oh yeah。

 I just still want to away still on it while totally fucking other guys out there you know guys like me guys like the PoOas。

It's crazy， like really， if you truly have heard to find that part of a relationship。

Then you got nothing and bro。 Neither do you have sexual attraction because you're not being the alpha male。

 nor do you have trust。 You think you're establishing trust by not making a move。

 not trying to fuck her。 All you're doing is displaying discrepancy for the girl。 The girls like。

 well， at one point， he says I he totally considers me being his girlfriend and all that。

 at the other hand， he doesn't to make a move on me。 Is he attracted to me or not。

 There's discrepancy。 This is weird。 I'm getting a weird fucking vibe。 Who is this， what's going on。

 They literally lose trust by you not trying to fuck them。😡，The guys might piss you off。

 but it's the fucking truth。 You didn't purchase this program。😡，To be told what you want to hear。

 you part of the program to be told the fucking truth。😡，So the balance here is key， okay？

It is okay with the actual act of putting Dick in a pussy， but you should always。

 always maintain a sexual vibe， and again， you can go ahead and watch the sex chapter from earlier again if you want to dive deeper on that。

Now let's talk about how to tell if she's ready， how to tell if she truly wants the same。

 does she truly want to race shit？嗯。Do you not think。

Getting relationship with you is the absolute jackpot for a girl。

Do you not think it's the best choice she could ever make in her life？No。

 then go back to the four becomings straight back to the four becomings， you're not fucking ready。

 okay， plus you're testing her anyway， you are testing her if she's ready。

 you shouldn't question it like I'm not true's right。

 you should be testing her and she should be fucking passing all these tests flying colors。

 if not again， it's her fucking loss。last one at least， second last， two， but not least。

How far should you commit。Now that's something I can't answer for you， I don't know， you know？

I don't know how far you should commit。 you gotta look deep inside yourself。 Now， honestly。

 the better you've gone through the four becomings。

 the better you'll be able to make that choice of yours yourself。

 The newbe hasn't done shit about the four Bes he hasn't done anything So he's just like yes。

 it's the best choice fully commit and six months later。

 half year later a year later or two years later， he's like wasn't your good choice because he doesn't know what the fuck he wants to go through fourbe。

 you'll be able to make that judgment very， very well very well but honestly also remember nothing lasts forever。

 You know， so just literally just go ahead， fail and learn fail for it。

 It's not over if you commit too far。 you know yeah。

 sure I will be painful if you commit too far but you're always gonna get a lesson and honestly being in this program will basically help you out as much as possible So you don't commit too far so you don't have that painful should happen to you but even if it does it's a good lesson man know and the question here might be brought up to should I。

Exclusive or not， I want to forward you here to the other chapter that we're going to talk about later being exclusive or not。

 you can see the answer in there now。We'll talk about last but not least now。

 defining expectations and setting up boundaries， because that's very very key。

 especially when in transitioning。 Now， I do this honestly for any kind of relationship。

 be it casual fuck buddy or serious relationship。 I always communicate very clearly what the fuck is going on。

 Remember， you must have boundaries set up in your life。 you must have it in general。

 even specifically， you should have it for any kind of relationship。 Okay the MVP is one example。

 are my boundaries， right Now to actually define and set those expectations。

 There's two ways of doing it。 There's direct and indirect。

 combination of both is by far most powerful。 Def no question about that。 And honestly。

 like I said before， you should always define your boundaries right away。

 don't be like Well now that you are my girlfriend。 Here is my conditions。

 And the girls's like what the fuck， I don't even know that you like like what the fuck is this right Like like dude。

 I say the shit。 when I meet the girl in a fucking nightclub。 doing the initial interaction。

Literally starting to set at fucking expectations you know what kind of men do you like you know she'll ask you to say what kind of women do you like and then I say shit like well you know I like sexually open women。

 I like women that totally cool with doing whatever they want I like them if they're not sexually oppressed you know I have a friend she has one nightstand and I totally respect that about her yada yada yada or for example also after I fuck the girl you obviously if you're in a position where you fuck the ground you don't want to be in a relationship with her you're not ready to commit yet I literally said hey really youre really hot you really awesome you know again give her specific actual compliments I really love the way he's up my deck you seem so spontaneous but but I'm never I'm not really in a position where I would commit to anything right now I'm not a guy who actually commits to anything quickly so let's just keep things casual。

You see it even there when I set the expectations and this is really key when I set those expectations。

I make them relatable。 I'm not like， do you want to mean my fuck buddy， No， I'm like， yo， listen。

 you're really cool。 Not in the position why I want to commit to anything yet。

 So let's keep things casual， right， I'm making it sound relatable。 I'm， I'm。

 I I'm formulating the sentence in a way。 So the girl doesn't feel like a ho。 Okay。

 Does it make sense。😡，So that is how you can communicate it directly。Now， for example。

 also when she does something that is clearly stated in your MVP as not cool， you know。

 you got to be direct as well， you got to be like， hey。What you just did is not cool。

 And I usually don't hang out with people who do this。 And I just w to let you know。 Now。

 let her apologize。 And then you can still decide if you want to see her again。

 Never try to like lecture her like it's not good be like， yo， the thing that you did。

 it's actually not cool。 I usually don't hang out with people who do that。 just so you know。

 And if she's then like， well， fuck， you on the hot chair。 Allright， goodbye off she goes。

 you're free， know， But if she's like actually apologizing。 then you're like， okay， well。

 I I consider if I still want to hang out with you， right。

 depending on how how heavy the thing is that she did。 you know。

And let's talk about indirect because there's also an indirect way to do that now obviously the best biggest indirect way to set expectations is your tests。

😊，You're testing her。 You see how she reacts to different situations。 She doesn't gotta go right。

 And also there's this thing called I call this positive poison dripping positive poison dripping is what you kind of use storytelling you use any form of communication I basically infers that this is a boundary of yours。

 for example， This is something I talk to any of my girlfriends or my serious girlfriend to。

 I mention how little respect I have for women in relationships to let themselves goHonestly。

 also men， I'm like， you know， at this friend of mine， she's to be so pretty so attractive。

 Everybody would want to fuck her and then she got this kickas boyfriend and he's amazing and he's hustling hard。

 and you know what she does。 She doesn't none of that。 She lets herself go。 She's becoming fat。

 She doesn't go to the gym anymore。 And I'm like， come on。

 why do you do these things in the first place。 just to attract the man first and then let yourself go。

 I have no respect for these kind of women。😊，Right， you're just ranting about this topic。

 But you're basically putting the little poison dripping again positive poison dripping in little girl's drink。

 And she's like， oh， I understand。 So he doesn't respect it when a girl just lets herself go in relationshipshift。

 So maybe I should do that either。 So you understand， you mention those things。

 You sprinkle it in right， And why is this kind of communication so fucking effective。 Well。

 women can relate to that， because that's the way they communicate。 Remember。

 women communicate in extreme subtleties。 much more than a man。 We speak directly Like。

 you shouldn't get fat， right， But if you do that for a woman， you just defend her。

 shell get should get hurt， She won't understand， she'll give you shit back。

 if you communicate in a subtle way。 just like she does， she actually understand it much better。

And I hope this makes sense she'll actually understand it much fucking better Now， obviously。

 you could theoretically use this technique to manipulate women。

 but why would you want to do that if you truly feel the urge and manipulate your woman and back to the fucking drawing board。

 you're low self-esteeeming you need to change us see you in a couple months when you's been going out and you've been work on yourself and we don't feel the need to manipulate her anymore so again you can use this type of storytelling to positively influence young woman and send up set up boundaries but other other than that you can also always do direct and feel free to say that you don't say it now you're my girlfriend。

 use my boundaries， but you say it very early on the relationship like oh so what kind of guys do you like do what kind of girls are like oh actually create like a list of things that I want her to be check it out you can literally show her if you want when you do the direct thing。

 It's never a big deal。That that is the last little thing when just want to give that on the way for you。

 So now you know how to transition casual into more serious and we'll be talking more about this。

 we'll getting more into the actual issue in the coming videos we' going very excited excited about that and I'll see you there。

😊。