# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：7.当她否认性行为时

Let's talk about when she denies sex。 And， you know， by now， But this， this whole chapter here。

 where we're talking about these smaller problems。A lot of it's just like going to be fixed if you do the right things in the core product already。

 right dealing the forbes， understanding her shit test， keeping her attracted， etc cea， so。

I still create these videos if through're the guy who's like， fuck going into the program。

 I w to know the one video to show， how to she， how to what to do when you deny sex， right？

 So if you're that guy， then here's， here's your answer。😡，First and foremost。

Her denying sex and relationship should never fucking happen。 And when it does。

 it's a sign that your relationship is in deep， deep trouble。 Now， I don't mean like when she's like。

 hey， baby， like I'm like super stressed。 I'm tired。 I'm gonna pass the fuck out now。

 which's fuck later。 that's normal。 that can happen， but her like continuously denying sex every day。

 that should never fucking happen。 Now that a million years。 Okay， so honestly。

 there's several different reasons why this happens。 number one。

 the girl that you picked is low selfeststeem and has a low sex drivefe。 or actually。

 let's just say she has a low sex drive because girls with low sex drive have low self esteem。

 They have a low sex drive because they can't identify themselves with a sexuality to have a twisted relationship to their own sexuality。

 There's a lot of judgment。 And that usually only happens when with a low selfestseeem girl。

 which means she's not a healthy， high selfeststeem girl with which you should have been relationship with。

 so。😡，If your girl has a little self esteem， if your girl has a little sex drive。

 why the fuck in ratio with her again， You should never do that。

 You can have her as like a sidebitch， but not ever as your main relationship。 woman。 Okay。

 what it also could mean， though， is。She lost attraction for you。 Now， that is your fault。

 It is not her fault。 Her losing attraction for you is not her fault。

 It's basically you having continuously failed her tests。 And as a very natural result。

 she lost all the attraction for you， okay。😡，It's， it really is like that。

 Like the amount of horniness your girl has for you is the direct indicator of how well you。

 as a man have been doing in that relationship。 Okay， No。

 I do not mean how many flowers that you sent her。 No。

 I do not mean how many times did you let her pick the movie that you wanted to watch， Because。

 you know， you just wanted her to be happy， I mean， how much of a fucking man have you been。

 When was the last time you spiked her emotions。 No was the last time you just push her against the wall and made out with her。

 When was the last time you looked her deep in her eyes， toldold her how horny she makes you。

 When was the last time you held her in your arms and said， baby， I love you。 Okay， You get the gist。

 that When was the last time you' have been doing that。😡。

When was the last time you've been spicing up the sex for her， more intrigue， more surprised。

 less routine， less predictable。 Okay， again， watch the sex chapter if you want to。

When was the last time you did all these things because chances are high。

 You've been failing at that and the girl is taking you for granted。

 The girl doesn't feel attracted anymore because you've been beta beta mailing yourself up or you've been letting her beta mailing you。

 right。That is why she lost attraction。 Unless she's low self esteem。 Then she gotta go anyway。 Okay。

 now， I'm sorry because there is no， you know， do this one thing right now。

 and she will immediately want to have sex with you kind of shed。 ask yourself here again。

 What is the underlying issue。 Where have I been slacking off as an attractive alpha male boyfriend that my girlfriend actually needs。

 Okay， I'm sorry， this is not a quick fix that you can just apply like the magical thing。

 This is nothing。This is nothing like that。 This is something that needs work。 Okay。

 you need to work on this over a longer period of time。 This is the real world， my friend。

 This is not some fucking buzzuzzfeed article。 The five things you can do right now to make your girlfriend want I have sex with you。

 Sorry， go ahead watch these mother fucks。 This is the real world。

 You got to fix the underlying issue。 And I could take your wow。 Okay。

 and that is what you do for the girlfriend denies sex with you。😡。

