# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：9.还有一个人！

Oh， no。 there's another guy。 Yeah， Oh， no， another guy。 What am I going to do。 Oh my God。

 always remember。It's the most classic of classics shit tests a girl can throw at you ever。 Honestly。

 I think at this point， it's hilarious every time I see it a hilarious because at this point， again。

 it's so fucking obvious。 And also both low self esteem and high self esmed girls will use it。

 It's timeless classic。 It's like。😊，Summer of 69 by that guy。 It's a timeless classic。

 Everybody knows it。 Everybody does it。 Summer of 69。 And， yeah， like I said。

 both of those haveestseemed and high eststeem girls do it。 Now。

 low self  esteem girls will do it on a pretty much fucking daily basis。

 It's a wonderful red flag to get the fuck out of that relationship Asap。😊。

High self-esteemed girls will use it occasionally。 My girlfriends used it twice in the very long time that we've been together。

 One she did it with this like Crossfiit guy， whatever the fuck。

 there was like some guy who did like calisthens at the gym。 And I mentioned that example earlier。

 And she's like that guy has really cool eized。 at him， it's really hot her。 And yeah。

 and the second time she did it like， oh baby， I'm really sorry。

 Maxs boyfriends come to that party too， because he friends with all my friends。

 It was a nice shit test that is just basically how do you say in a wonderfully elegant way。

 she hi that shit test underneath the I'm sorry that the guys coming。

 But at the same time she looked at how is Max reacting。 And this is key here。

 Okay how to react when she mentions that there is another guy。😊，Really key。

 Be aware of your own value。And I'm not even talking about the objective value。

 Who has a bigger digck， Who has more money， Who's taller， who's better looking。 yada， yada， yada。

 I'm actually talked about the value that you represent for her。You know。

 you know how to make her come。The two of you have had wonderful experiences together。

 the way you handle her emotions， the way you're fucking alphapha male。 like again。

 like that could be the richer guy that's taller and better look at et ce。

 But you just have so much more value for your girlfriend because you know that because you know how well how well you handle her how well you steering that relationship right So don't worry of the guys has objective。

 better value doesn't matter for the girl， it's the value for her。 that is， by the way。

 So if you watch the chapter on when she doesn't want to have a relationship with you。

 remember what I said here is people have different value systems。 it's exactly the same story。

 remember that girl that I said I really wanted her but then she chose the mechanic。

 the fucking mechanic guy over me， it's the same same dynamic I objectively speaking at much more value than the guy。

 the girls don't care about that， they care about the value that the guy has for them Okay what I feel like that that guy value have okay understand so。

That is important。 Be aware of your own value。 and also， be responsive， but not reactive。By that。

 I mean， when she mentions another guy， don't just fully ignore it。 Just acknowledge it。 Like， oh。

 cool， there's another guy， But don't let it change your mood。 Not at all。

 Don't fucking Let it change your mood。 Don't be phased by it。😡，Again， girls use that as a shit test。

 Oh， there's the sky in the cinema。 He was really nice。 There's the guy at my work。

 and they will fucking stare at you to see how you react。

 Don't ignore it because that's a little over conversation。 Just acknowledge it。 I like， oh， yeah。

 cool， That's cool。 Oh， interesting。 And if you want to do the most powerful thing ever on top of that is side with the guy。

😊，So fucking powerful。 Like， this is like， literally the cherry on top of it。

 Nothing shows the girl more how much you fucking own your alpha frame than this。 So she's like。

 there's this guy my work， he's really nice to me da da da da hurty dip， jealousy， jealousy， right。

 And you just like， yeah， you're right。 He does sound like a totally awesome guy。 hell man。

 if I was a girl like fucking follow my pans on this motherfucker all day。

 I't suck his dick for breakfast。 man， I your shit。 or shit like， oh my God， baby， like， you know。

 maybe you want to invite this guy over to like a romantic dinner。 But yo， if you do that。

 make sure you're a really nice girl and you cook for him and or you pay the checke。Both examples。

 just random examples。 So you got the gist， right， What's the underlying communication behind her test。

 Let's look at that。The underlying communication behind her test is basically， yo， boyfriend。

 How much of a man are you， Are you going to be thrown off by a little competition。

 whether that competition is actually even real or not doesn't even matter。 right。

 Are you gonna be thrown off by the of the fucker More on that， By the way。

 in the how to pass her initial test chapter and the general shit test chapter as well。

 And what's the underlying communication behind your reaction。That is key。 So again。

 once that happens， it matters。 What's the underlying communication behind her saying this and what's the underlying communication behind your reaction。

 The reaction should be something like， oh， there's another guy。 that's funny。 Oh， that's cool。 Yeah。

 I didn't even realize he's supposed to be competition。 like， oh oh， oh。

 he's supposed to be competition。 Oh， shit。 Oh， I'm sorry。 I'm sorry。 Yeah， Oh fuck。 Oh my God。

 I just kind of missed that， right， But hey， he's probably a cool dude。 So no hard feelings。

 Let's invite him over， right。😊，Best fucking communication ever， right。

 If you if you communicate that， you're good to fucking go more and that， however。

 in the jealousy chapter as well， you can look those up。

 So that is how you deal with if there's another fucking guy。

 And if there's another fucking guy where it's like super serious。 And the girl thinks like， well。

 I really want to be together them， then let her or the fuck go because she's low self-esteem。

 And she has no， she has no power here。 she has no fucking business being in a relationship with you and neither do you have business being a relationship with her。

😡。