# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：10.测试她（扭转局面！）（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Okay， one of the core videos of this entire fucking program testing her。😡。

Turning those bench ass tables after watching this vid and truly internalizing all the stuff you'll hear here。

 you'll never end up in a shitty relationship anymore。As long as you do it right， guess what？

Nobody ever does 100%， right， but you' got to be greatly reducing the risk。

 Again a shit relationship。 This right here is literally something that no fucking guy ever does。

 maybe half a percent of the world's male population is even aware slightly of doing the shit， Okay。

 which is why everybody's in a shady， dysfunctional， fucking relationship。😡。

This is the natural follow up。To knowing the difference between low self-esteem girl。

 high selfesteem girl。 And then result of that is the MVP。

 the minimum viable program product right And also the minimum viable product is something that also no guy ever fucking does。

 Now we're gonna take it even further。 because the MVP and you testing the girl is the perfect combination。

 Okay， so again， step1， understand the difference between low selfesteem， high selfesteeem。 step 2。

 develop a minimum viable product of what your girlfriend should be like what you should not be like。

 And number three。Test her ass to see how well is she fitted to the MVP。 Is there any no goess。

 I she low self yada， yada， yada， the MVP and testing her literally save you from heartbreak。

 Financial ruin divorce， being cheated on。 This is your fucking saver。 So better。

 please implement this。 I'm getting driedled up from this。 because so many fucking guys fail。

 This is the most important shit that you've seen up to right now from this program。 Okay， obviously。

 I'm exaggerating a little bit。 It's not like。😡，This is the one thing。

 And you're never gonna get fucked over。 You never know what's going to happen， but it greatly。

 greatly gigantically reduces the risk of getting fucked over by a pretty girl。 right。

 so let's talk about you deploying your own tests on her。 It's basically the main premises。

Get the girl in the situations where she could be a bitch where she could be manipulative or take advantage of the disadvantageous situation you're in。

 right， do that before you commit to anything。 Not like， well。

 we'll have the girlfriending kind of now。 So here's the test。

 And then she fails already desk And you're like， wella， too lazy and too big to me or break up now。

 So guess's gonna stay in shooting relationship。 No， no。

 do that before you even think about fucking committing。 please。😡，Okay。

If she does not behave according to how you'd like her to behave right。

 according to as you stated it in the MVP， then now you know better， it's not a bad thing， Oh。

 she's failing on the tests。 now we're ruin。 No， it's now you know better。

 It's just gathering information， right， You'll be happy that you now dodged a bullet， right。

 Why tests that this is so fucking you tests or something measurable。

 You can say did you behave according to the MVP or not， Did you become aip bitch or was she nice。

 It's something measurable。 look， We're so often blinded by a girl's hotness， right。

 that we develop huge gigantic blind spots for girls misbehavior， right， One of my girlfriends。

 ex girlfriendends。She was so pretty。 She was the second 10 I ever fuck。 Now， of course。

 little insecure， inexperienced player Max。 I had no idea because I'm like， she's a 10。

 I'm gonna to make her my girlfriend。 I pulled a 9 before that before that9。 I pulled the 10。

 So she was the second 10 I'm like， fuck yeah， make her my girlfriend girlfriend。

 And I didn't see any of the behaviors。 It was so obvious， like in retrospect。

 I'm of course she's extremely low self-esteeem。 extremely manipulative。 she was just so pretty。

 So I was completely blind spot about it。 plus， obviously。 we want to grow to be perfect。 right。

 remember how we talked about this earlier。 We project our ideal girlfriend onto people。

 We don't love them。 we love the idea of them。 right， we totally you can already obvious signs。

 It's crazy。 But yeah， we'll talk more about this later。 don't worry about it so。😊。

But by clearly setting the situation， basically by setting up the situation and defining her ideal behavior。

 it's black and white。 You set up the situation。 This is what she should behave。

 This what shes not black and white， right， you can clearly see it There's no room for interpretation and also。

 by the way， why are the test so important because girls are masters in hiding their own insecur they' masters in hiding their own fucking craziness。

 they can hold this shit back for months until a random situation just emerges that acts as a test。

 But if you create that test yourself。 You know right away before you commit。

 and I remember my girlfriend， my first every girlfriend。 I was even without pickup。

 She wasn't even hot。 she was really that hot。 go for pickup I thought she was this like extremely high self-esteemed girl because she was very cocky back to me and she was like like make it fun of me and I'm like oh my God's so high self-esteemed so epic right And then of course。

straight girlfriended to her up man was the longest relationship ship two I had to drive three hours to meet her I was like fucking 17 I had no money for gas and shit like that so and then over the course of being together with her I think for one and a half years I was。

Like， wait a minute， this all this behavior that I found so attractive in the beginning it was fake。

She's highly insecure。 Oh my God。 was crazy。 It took me months before I saw that。

 So let's talk about how to test。 Let me give you a couple examples。 again。

 youd get her in a situation where she could misbehave。 And then if she doesn't， she passed。

 if she does。 now， you know better， you judgedged a bullet， right， So for example。

My current girlfriend， I met her absolutely stunning girlfriend girl in my head。

 And like I saw her for the first time I'm like， this is gonna be my girlfriend。

 I want her to be my girlfriend。 That's exactly my type。 right again。

 will talk more about my story like the love story that I'm adhering to my love story is love story of beautiful things。

 I'm an aestheticist。 So for me was like oh she's gonna be my girlfriend。 but Max。

 be smart right I had the game。 I've gone through the four becomings of myself。

 now you see where the connect she's happening。 So I'm like let me deploy some test。

 So we hung out together， you know， we became fuck buddies。 we regularly met， you know。

 I had a really， really good time。 but he was always only me and her。

 there was never a third person involved like maybe the waiter at the bar some shit at some point know。

 So I said time to test her because I really want to see her more often。

 and I'm not sure she's holding back some sort of craziness。 everything seemed normal and。 but again。

 you never know。 So she invited me to a party of hers。 Now usually when quote unquote fuck。😊。

Hes invite me to parties I'm like nah， you know， I mean。

 unless I want to fuck one of her friends or her plus her friends， you know， shit like that。

 I usually didn't want to do it especially in that time period I was tired， I was was dead。

 I didn't want to party and all this shit， but I thought， wait a minute。A party that is on her turf。

 you know， in her apartment where she is clearly in a higher social status because everybody knows her because she invited everybody is a great opportunity to test her because let's say worst case scenario is she doesn end up being a manipulative bitch。

 low self-esteem， manipulative girl。 She will use every opportunity at that party to flirt with other guys。

 she's gonna invite all the guys that want to fuck her you know， she's gonna ignore me。

 I'm gonna fucking stand there while she's like flirting with some guys like maybe even making out and like baby to yourmic。

 She's like no no， which is friends like shit like that right That's the worst case。 I'm like cool。

 let me go to that party and see how she acts。Is she gonna be like haha Val value。

 I'm much cooler than you。 Little peasant Max。 I have all these friends。 or is she gonna be nice。

 and introduce me to everybody。 Which one is it gonna be。 That would be the best case。

 She's just gonna be nice to introduce me。 She was the absolute best case。 I show up at the party。

 I didn't even speak the fucking language right， because it was a different country。

 So I had no idea who any of these people are。 You know， of course， I'm social and stuff like that。

 And she's just like， meet my friends， This is this guy is seen our girlfriends， You know who's more。

 who's hotter， who's more popular in shit like that。 How good also。

 our relationships with her family， right， Obviously， for example。

 daddy issues gigantic indicator of low self-esteeem。

 My dad is an as So shes she's lacking the fucking attention from the daddy。

 she has to get from guys， low self-esteeem as fuck same goes for mother or siblings right。

 have has she been neglected emotionally by the family Ha there been like some sort of emotional void。

 Look at her existing relationships。Best example was one of my first fuck buddies。

 and I remember I actually knew her brothers， we were neighbors and。Her family was so loving。 I mean。

 she invited me a couple times to her family。 to have a big house。 You know。

 I would always like fuck her upstairs and we would go have dinner with her family。

 and her family was so cool。 they were so like you could truly feel at the dinner table。

 There's not like they're behaving because I'm there。 There was no fight。

 there's just genuine love for each other。 genuine acceptance。 Her brothers were so nice and so cool。

 but not like overly superficial， shallow nice's just you felt man， this familys holding together。

 They can love each other。 It was so interesting。 And that also reflected it onto her。

 that girl was one of the most high self-esteemed women I've ever seen in my life。

 I the same with my current girlfriend。 Her relations to her family is so fucking good。 There's love。

 there's acceptance。 There's no judgment。 There's no pressure nothing。 It's just wonderful。

 It's beautiful Also， what's a really good indicator look at how the girl treats people below her right people less popular girls in her school。

 like the fat ugly girl at her school right is she ignoring her or even。😊。

Crawling her bad names or is she just in really nice them even small things like the waiter， right。

 how is she treating the waiter or the cab driver， is she respectful to these people right that is a really gigantic indicator of how most of us high selfestseem is the girl right。

 what's going on with her how much is she just acting with you and how much is she actually real Okay now why is this testing so fuck and efficient Why is this so important。

First of all， by you testing her， she gets the continuous feeling of deserving you。

 she feels like she's working on you。 She's fighting for you。 She's investing in you。

 and thus she's deserving you。 this is not a bad thing。

 This is a gigantically good thing for the girl because girls love the challenge。

 we've talked about this before。 remember， in the whole becoming sexworthy， et ceter。

 shit tests all this is like the girls love if the guy's a little bit of a challenge for her。

 they' all grateful like oh my God I'm doing the party。

 I'm really when I impress him So I'm just gonna put my knife dressed on and just cook really well for my boy like they love this shit。

 they love deserving the guy Please understand that。 It's not manipulation。 They love it。

 It's're doing them a favor honestly。 We'll talk about manipulation a second right By the way。

 those tests that you're testing her should never fucking stop even after years of being issue with her。

 You should still test her obviously you'll test more to begin。

Of the relationship right to make sure she's the right choice。

 And well you'll test the less and less frequently。

 the longer the relationshipship goes over the years， but you should still test her。 It is your way。

 It's your way of seeing if the girl is still a high quality woman apart from the looks that you're craving right。

 but you should still understand and continuously test her why。Ca she's gonna test you too brother。

 The shit tests are never gonna stop coming from your girlfriendf。

 You need to deploy your own tests to attract her because she understands you have standards right。

 she understands you still want to ping as well and you still want to make sure she's a good choice。

 People can fucking change over time you know and I just said it it keeps your standard high right She feels that she feels this guy still has high standards。

 I shouldn't slack off。 I should be cool too just like he is right Thus you're seen as a high value man。

 It's literally a win win Like by you testing her you gathering something that we call passive attraction。

 How cool is that that way you can make sure that your girl who still attracted you and again。

Is it manipulation， right？ How dare you manipulate her max。

 How dare you thats to pick up bang the poor little girl。 Gus what。 Again， she does that too。

 She's testing you too Alzheimer。 It's in her fucking DNA。 She tests， You test her back。

 and it's good for her。 She loves the fucking challenge， right？ Obviously。

 you should never do du never deploy tests that could physically or emotionally harm her。 D。

 Just fucking saying for the occasional retard watching this。 Okay， And let me tell you。😡。

What happens if you don't test？I can give you two examples off two of my own relationships。

First girlfriend， like I told you， thought she was a super high selfestseeem epic girl， right？

She wasn't。She was manipulative， she was a bad influence。Oh my God， I slacked off for my health。

 slacked off for my friends。 It was just so bad。 And I never even tested her。

 Second girlfriend I ever got。 It was even worse。 It was different completely different。

 but even worse。 She was this like metal kind of girl。 And I'm like， oh my God， she's so cool。

 I can listen metal with her。 She's very sexually open。 She love suck dig。

 Such an upgrade from her first girlfriend really honestly， But I never tested her。

 I've never tested her。 I had a one night stand。 I stayed over to the next day。

 met her family the next day。 and I'm like， that's it。 The fucking girlfriend hurt to。 You know。

 it's fucking crazy。 and the second day I were a like superlo W。 I met her fucking family。

 She gets up。 for the first time I see her in regular light。 And I see she has such a ugly ass。

 She has like celllo light， whatever the fuck that's called like a just。I like tight nice asses。

 You had like a fat ass with like weird wrinkles and shit， and I'm like。

What have I done like literally， because I didn't scream， You know， now， it become even worse。

 obviously， later on， turns out she has really bad family history。 She has no friends at all。

 And I ended up in a situation where I was the only one for her。 So she's holding on。

 She became clingy。 I had really hard troubles breaking up with her because I'm like。

 I'm the only one she has。 So I'm like， in my head' like literally like。

 I'm just gonna suffer for the rest of my life because I can't be responsible for her being said like all the shit。

 It was horrible， man。 because I never fucking screen And this shouldn't happen either。 okay。

Is really fucking key。 You have the tendency。 And this is is also key。

 You have the tendency to want to like people。 We have that， right， Like I said earlier， we。

 we develop blind spots because we project an idea on them。 And in general， We have the tens。

 We want to like people。 We want them to， to comply to our tests。 And then they don't。

 but we just like， we ignore it。 I an example of my sales team。 I have a coach。

 coaches in a sales team here。 and we have this one guy。

He wanted to become a coach for me and he was the perfect choice man we had a Skype interview。

 He was so cool， so epic。 He pressed every one of us。 my whole team was like this guy， this guy。

 I'm like， yeah， I'm like， dude， you got the job， you're hired epic。 And all of a sudden he was like。

 oh man， I don't know if I can do it。 I I don't know。

 I have everything I want here in Vienna he'd have to live in Ki if you're with us And he's like。

 I have everything I want in Vienna。 I'm my friends and and I'm like。😊。

One of my MVPs minimum viable products for that position was that the guy has to be excited and love the ph position。

 and now he's。He's not fucking fulfilling that。 He's pitching。 He's like。

 I don't wantan to leave Vina。 I'm not sure that do。

 but I was so psyched about having this guy on board。

 I wanted to have him be perfect so badly that I just ignore that。 I'm like， no， no I'll do。

 don't worry。 And I convinced him。 No， you gotta do it。 man， Come on。 It's gonna be really good。

 And he's like， yeah， you know what， Okay， fuck， I'll do it。 I'll do it。

 So I introduce him to the team。 we start looking flights and everything。

 I stop looking for anybody else because the position now is taken。 and a week later。

 he's like sorry， Max， like I told you earlier already。 I I' unsure about this。 I can't do it。

 And I'm like， in my head， I'm like， you mother fuck or dude for whole fucking week。 I've prepared。

 I've done everything。 now I got to go back to the drawing board。

 try to find another guy for a position。 gotta send out job offers again。😡。

But you know what it wasn't his fault， He already told me he's not sure if he wants to do it。

 It was already minimum viable product。Not lit。But I ignored it because I liked。

 I would have liked to like him。So it wasn't even his fault。 He said he's unsure。

 if I had truly been in a position of abundance and understood the concept that we generally tend to like people。

 If I had understood that。 I have been like， you know what， You're not sure about it。

 Don't worry about it， I'll hire someone else done， Don fucking deal。

 But now it resulted in so much more damage。 That's just a tiny little example。

 Imagine you're doing this with a girl right that you're committing to like fucking getting married。

 throwing kids into the equation。 That's fucking crazy。 Like I said。

 we're so often blinded by the beauty。 We want to like people。 Okay， and again。

 One of my girlfriends。 She was so beautiful。 And I'm like， I really wanted to work。

 I really wanted to work。 It was horrible。 You know what it ended up。

 It was a long distance relationship。She lived in the United States。

 That relationship ended with me flying to the United States。

 signing up for a program that was a language program that is。

An hour away from where she studied just so we could be together I had no interest in going to the States for like I didn't even have the money。

 I had to pay for that school myself， it was$700 it was a lot of fucking money。

You know what happened， the moment I show up at her doorstep。We hang out for like a day or two。

 she's like， I don't think it's a good idea for us to keep going。

She broke up with me how bad was that Now she later on did try to get me back in shit like that because for me it was a done deal。

 but it was so fucking painful， it was just stab in my heart。And after that， I was free and。

I went back to Austria and I knew I was I still had to go to that school。

 So I had to fly back in a couple weeks later， but for me was a done deal。

 She broke up with me and I'm like， yeah you know what it's done。 And and then again。

 it fell off My eyes like an eye patch I'm like I see the light and now I understand， Of course。

 huge daddy issues。 Brother committed suicide。 Huge pressure from her family。 She's fucked up。

 and yeah， she's a 10， but she's fucked up。 the fuck。 Why didt you see it， really， I saw it。

 And I'm like， I'm free now， I feel free。 how good is that。

 So I started going out again my game became better。 And all these things。 Shes then hit me up。

 She's like， what are you doing， Let's get back together。 And I'm like， from me。

 I didn't spend a single second think about it anymore。 I'm like， no， I can't like there's no way。

 You're clearly not a good choice for me。 You know what happened。

 I went back to that city in the States。 was Washington， D C。I went to my first RSD free tour。

 RSD taught shout out to my homie， and I discovered RSD， a new game already， not RD。

 I discovered RSD， and now I'm instructing for RSD so。

Good things come to those who are willing to learn from their mistakes。 so we're really， you see。

 we're going full circle back to the abundance when we're coming to the end of the how to get a girlfriend chapter here。

 We're coming to the end slowly。 And you understand now， guess why no guy has an MVP。😊。

Guess why no guy knows about Los selfsteem high self esteem Gus why no guy fucking deploys his test on a girl。

 Gus why？Because they have no abundance。Understand。We talked about knowing LSC ISE， HSE。

 knowing the MVP， knowing how to test her， it keeps you from getting fucked over。

Guys have no abundance though， so they take the first girl it doesn't run away and don't do any of that。

That's why again， do relationships， that's why you're fucked up。I'll let that sink in。

Call the action here。If you ever。Ever post。In a Facebook group， right。

 if you ever post an fucking inner circle， ever fucking dare to send me an email， obviously。

 you can always send me an email， but if you dare send me an email with some dumb shit。

 like my girlfriend doesn't thanks back， my girlfriend doesn't do this， doesn't do that。

Then the first thing I want you to do is thinkin。Have you ever deployed a test on her？

Tell me before you like， my girlfriend is cheating away。

 Have you ever deployed a fucking test on her？ And if your answer is no， then I'm like， well。😡。

Here's a result。Like this guy here， holy shit， I got so angry。

 I got totally triggered around and red this guy posting already the innerciircle Los Angeles。

His question is。😊，I mean， this is a very extreme example。 You're gonna laugh。

 I've been dating a Colombian girl for two months with no sex。 Again。

 dating means in a relationship she's a Christian or whatever and goes to church。

 I think Virgin but we haven't really spoke about it as her English is poor。

 I'm really in uncharted waters。 Any experienced this situation。😊，Well， why the fuck， Why the fuck。

 do you even think about gang leadership with that fucking hoe， you haven't even had sex。

 You haven't screened her。 You don't even know if she's Christian or something like。What the。Dude。

Get me girlfriend co。 I hope you， I hope you're the guy who reads this now。

 I hope you're on B program please。Again， it's an extreme example。

It's just so representative of what guys are doing with relationships， no idea about the girl。

 no MVP， no tests， and thus the shit is there， congratulations， so don't do that。Okay。

 get a hardco and kick out girlfriend with the tools that I'm giving you here， please。And thank you。

