# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：6.找到合适的女孩

Alright， right， This video， finding the right girl After watching it。

 you'll know exactly what to look for。 You'll know the red flags。 You know what to avoid。

 you know what to go for。 Now， this is so fucking important。 And I'm， I'm kind of jigy about this。

 Not really tattooed this on your forehead。😡，This right here。Is literally 90% of your work。

It is not knowing what to do in a relationship， it is not how to handle jealousy。

 how to keep her attracted or any of that this right here is literally 90% of your work and why relationships usually fail。

Again。Just in case you did listen， this right here is 90% of your work。 Do this right。

And your relationships are already90% epic。 Okay， now。

 super important three concepts before you even think about getting a girlfriend or the following three codependence。

 independenceence， interdependence。Okay， this is really， really fucking key。

 Let's actually talk about codependence first。 Codependence is。Basically， anything the nube embodies。

 if you remember that， the nuob thinks。I need a girl to complete me。 My life is shit。

 and I need her to save me， right， Fun enough。 You， you remember the concept。

 you attract what you are， You attract what you deserve。

 So the guy in codependence is gonna attract the codependent girl。 So what did I do。

They hold on to each other and they drag each other down because none of them has taken action。

 None of them has experienced a valuable lesson that comes along with taking action。

 So they're all deteriorating slowly。 And because a codependent are dragging each other。Very bad。

The second stage is， again， something that 90% of the fucking guys out there don't even reach an entire life independence。

 That is what the player embodies。Basically saying like， yo， I'm epic。 yo。

 I don't need any fucking ho。 I have a good time either way。 My life was pretty cool。 I'm all good。

 Yadida ladi da。 Yeah， that is independence。 Now， again， you're independent。

 you will attract an independent girl。 So that is already really fucking good。

 That is amazing independent。 were at 1。 You don't need anybody else。

 And you come together from abundance。 Like， I'm cool。 and I love myself。

 but with you it also very fun。 So let's do it right， and just the same for her。 Now， it is， however。

 not the last stage。 The last stage is interdependence。😊。

That's basically two independent people that have an amazing 10 out of 10 life。

 And they get together。 And together， they're not at a 20 out of 20， but they're at a 21 out of 20。

 right， They're bigger。 What is it called that the sum is bigger than the two parts together or some bullshit。

 right， You know what I mean。😊，That is interdependence。 where two people are working together。

 They're not like this and drag each other down They're like this and then lift each other。

 understand。 okay， they're interdependent。 And they pull each other up。

 That is the wonderful interdependence。 Now， what I want to do here is I want to give you an example from a beloved follower of mine on Facebook that I I asked a couple people。

 he， can you share some of your stories And what we're gonna do now is I'm going bring my laptop here。

 And I'm gonna to read out happens to you if you're in codependence and you get in a relationship。

 So laptop right here。😊，Okay， so I told it didn't move and the laptop of all of us sudden this here。

 So let's read what this guy has to say。I quote young and unwise。 a couple of years ago。

 I got into a relationship into a medium term relationship with a girl。

 This was awesome for about a year。 But then the relationship became super toxicing。

 And neither of us realized this because we needed each other and loved each other。

 This is literally under quotation， We loved each other。

 After another year or two of on off and constant arguments。😊，This already。

 a year or two of on off and constant arguments， like the energy that you could have here。

Tut that energy in the gym where could business two years of the shit just down the fucking drain。

Ha so after another year or two on off and constant arguments。

 I realized that the Ra ship was doing us more harm than good。Smart， smart realization， buddy。

 we were less happy with each other than we otherwise would be apart。

 This was mainly due to insecurities on both ends。 I felt I was being controlled and monitored and that my freedom had been taken away。

 and she felt that I wasn't putting enough time and effort into raise。 When really。

 all I was doing was focusing on my studies before final exams。 So you see here。

 so many key points that he's just hammering in。😊，He says it was based on low self esteem， right。

 on low confidence。He felt like he was being controlled and monitored。

 We will talk about these stories， love stories later on。 She argued that he didn't have enough time。

 horrible All in all， this led to break up， initiated by me， but agreed upon mutually。

 trust me for a few months， it sucked to be singled because I had because I had grown into this pit。

Oh my God。 I'd grown into this pit where I convinced myself that I needed her and that my life wasn't complete without her。

 He's literally using the exact words we've been talking about。 This is so good Oh my God。

 After a few months however， I worked on myself more and more and reached a stage where I'm happier than ever。

 with more recent relationships being a lot more healthier and fulfilling。

 when the experience of true love rather than what I used to believe was love。😊，I love that guy。It's。

It he says something true things。 Remember what we said You don't even know what you want。

 You don't even know what's good for you。 Again， he said that he thought this was true love。

 being codependent。 he now knows better， which is very， very motivating， very inspiring。

 with an experience of true love rather than what I used to believe was love。 Now， me and her， my ex。

 are on talking terms。 And we got on with each other whenever we do see each other。

 which isn't often。 And we both feel that breaking up was the best decision we could have made All in all。

 he goes on。 I learn two big lessons。 Number one， don't fall into relationship and become trapped in one out of a mindset of insecurity。

 She's most definitely not the one。 If you do not enjoy yourself all the time， you're with her。😊。

There are more god out there you can share meaningful relationships。

 and you should not feel scared to explore that。 Thank you。 Soug and true。 Numb two。

 focus on yourself that rather than on what the other person is doing in the relationship。

 If you get into a relationship with someone else who is empowered and on their own mission and you both support each other。

 but you don't need each other， this turns out to be a lot more healthy and fulfilling。

 basically quotes an independent relationship here。😊，Again， this is advice from a young race。

 We were both around 60 at the time。 I'm 19 now， and I've learned a lot since then and had some amazing experiences。

 which brings me to the very first point。 Remember what we said。😊。

It was in the previous video action where I said， do make those mistakes。

 So this guy suffered a lot from 16 to 19。 but this shit doesn't sound like a 19 year old。

 This shit sounds like a guy who's learned a fuck to。 And you also mentioned， focuscus on yourself。

 right， That is why we're talking about the previous chapters。 It's all about you， you， you you you。

 because you need to learn first to focus on yourself to get to a level where you say， yo。

 I'm independent。 I'm ready to kick it， etc ce。 So thank you for his contribution。

 I hope it clarifies a lot of points。 and kind of puts it into a real life concept。

 real life context。 Okay， so that being said， it's get rid of the computer。And computer is gone。

 Let's keep going。 Now， all the previous chapters， right。

 the interview game chapters and the becomings， all those deal with getting you out of codependence and into independence。

 Okay， again， it's worth repeating abundance first。

 There's no way around that being independent means you've achieved a certain level of abundance。

 without abundance， youre full on codepend。 What， does that mean for you。 Well。

 you never come from an equal position to the girl。 because you will from the beginning on。

 you'll be four space of your compromise。 Why is that now。Compromers aren't that bad， right。

 Like it's really funny。 People are like， well， compromises are normal in relationship。 Yes。

 they are。 They are。 They are no problem in a relationship in a loving relationship after months of getting to know the girl of truly loving her of being inspired with her。

 And then she's like， baby， I gonna go back for work。 So it's compromise with the time。

 That's totally cool。 But the sort of compromises， you'll end up with。

 If you don't enter the relationship from abundance is a compromise from the very beginning and you won't be able to compromise forever。

😊，Makes sense。 The goal will basically be used to have you compromise， no matter what。 Now。

 that gets her into a very unhealthy position of too much power。Right， you being not abundant。

 You being in codependence。 She's just like compromise， compromise。 You're like， okay， okay。

 you're my only chance for love。 So she's like， I'm in a position of power here。 I dont want to。

 Im I'm a woman。 I want my man to man to fuck up to step up。 like again。

 like she will be in a position of power that she doesn't even want。

 You're not doing her a fucking favor， God's sake。 means me there is like， oh。

 you're doing the girl a favor by being a bear。 No you're not。 she doesn't want the power。

 She wants you to fucking habit。 She wants you to boss up。 And now again， any high quality girl。

 literally any high quality girl comes from abundance。 if you can't match that abundance。 Okay。

 if you can't match that abundance of hers。 You're gonna have a bad time because of the shifts in power Make sense。

 a man with no abundance on top of that， there's automatically seen as a man of low。😡，Vale。

Doesn't matter if you have an overall great life， but the lack of women in your life。

 The lack of abundance is literally proof for the girl that something's wrong with this guy。

 he might be rich。 He might be successful， He might have a good body and good health。

 but Why doesn't have you girls。 Why doesn't he have girls。 Well， like， what's wrong with it。

 Like something must be really fucking wrong。 And you know what's funny。

 Once I got into position of abundance。 You know what。

 the first thing is that I ask a really cool girl。 That's hot。 that seems really cool。 I'm like。

 you're hot， You're smart， You're funny。Why the hell are you single， What's up， What I literally。

 I become suspicious。 I'm like， you must be crazy deep inside。 Like。

 I literally wanted them to answer this question thoroughly with with with honesty， because I'm like。

 if something's wrong on you， why don't you have a boyfriend。 And if they're like， well， you know。

 I have a lot of guys that want to be my boyfriend。 but I just love being single。 Then I'm like。

 okay， I get it。 if she's like， ha， I don't。 I'm like， pitchch， what's your secret。

 tell me your secret。 So again， abundance equals independence。 now。

 because you're tract what you deserve because youre you are。

 now you will also attract the girl that is independent。 But Max， but Max， hold on a second， Max。

 I want to girl that is dependent on me。That that sounds like a great idea。

 I' would love to have a girl being dependent on me。 Well， congratulations。

 you've caught yourself thinking that if you were a person that just thought that。

 then go back to the fucking drawing board。 Go back to the very fucking beginning of this program and go through everything。

You saying you want a girl that depending is literally proof。That you're low self esteem。

 that you're insecure， that you need somebody else to complete you visually proof。

And you're still stuck in a mindset of needing a woman to feel complete。 So you't even fucking。

 I don't allow you to watch on with this video because you're not fucking ready。

 I'm sorry if you're that guy had to you have to hear that。

 but at least it's going help you right now， most importantly， though， abundance increases。

 And this is so beautiful。 your range of potential girlfriends， right。

 your pool of potential candidates， right， which then literally statistically mathematically increases the quality of your choice。

 Okay， so example， to clarify that。 let's say， Johnny， let's pick Johnny。

 who hits on his coworker because he wants a girlfriend， right。😡。

His coolwork is the only call he meets， he sees he has in his pool of potential options。

 so size of his leads is。1。What is the statistical。

 the statistical likelihood of that one girl being the perfect choice。

 very fucking low example of Bob， who let's say random fucking example。 example of Bob goes out。

 gets numbers， knows a couple girls at his gym， meets between who attractive girls a week goes and dates。

 size of his leads， practically infinite。😡，Let that sink in。You got fucking Roane， Johnny，1。

 one potential leader。 What are the odds of that how being perfect for him or 95% compatible。 Bob。

 a lot of girls， He possesses us the ability to increase the pool of his potential leads infinitely。

 He practically now has access to the entire world every day。 There's new girls turning 18。

How beautiful is that for Bob， it's really good for Johnny doesnt do shit。

 Now let's get to the next one here。Creating an MVP so called minimum viable product。

 if you're ever doing a startup， this is something you got to do a minimum viable run Now what is that Min viable product regarding girlfriend game is you write down what are the dos and the don'ts of a potential girlfriend of mine。

What it do and don'ts of character， but also of appearance or whatever the fuck it is， right。

 You create a minimal minimum viable product。 Like this is what the girlfriend will need to do。

 And this is what she should not do。 And then I would like her， right。

 And that could literally be anything you like， Like anything and important， anything you like。

 not what society tells you to like， not what your friends think is awesome。 anything you like。 Also。

 this minimal minimum viable product can change over time。 So I recommend you。

 people a list on your phone or your computer or anywhere on a fucking sheet of paper or even in your head that you can update over time。

 Most importantly with this。Dream big， be fucking picky。 Why settle down for something less。 Like。

 oh， I'd be okay if she has a little bit bad breath。 No， dude， a fucking abundance， brother。

 P fucking picky。 If you think you're not in a position to be picky then。😡。

Back to fucking work and work on that fucking abundance。 Okay。

 I not gonna give you this yelling speech again that you should go back to the drawing board。

 Just get back to work work in your abundance。 if you feel that you're not at a level where you can be picking。

 so here's a couple list a couple examples of my list that I wrote down when I started plus the things I kind of added over time。

 And we're just gonna go through feel free to copy the shit， feel free to add your own。

 feel free to omit something omit something that you don't like。 So number one。

 she needs to have a pretty face。 also she needs to have a sense of fashion。

 I like it when the girl is able to dress well She needs to be really attractive。

 not just good enough for me， because I think I can't get any better。

 but like really actually to me attractive， not good enough。

 And also so you see this the shit here is appearance， but we're gonna go a little deeper him。

 She cannot。Believe more in taking than giving。 She should not display disrespect towards other human beings or even animals。

 She should not be in a position where she drags herself down or others。 and even me。

 she should never， ever do that because this is， this is， by the way， really， really funny。

 I'd seen that in my very， very first girlfriend。 And this is a point that I added after that。

 My first girlfriend was drag me down like crazy。 So later on， I went back to drawing board。

 I'm like， yeah， I definitely want to add that。 She didn't fucking drag me down。 Holyly shit。 Oh。

 also， she should never try to manipulate me。😡，If I see that， she gotta go。

 She shouldn't have unclear skin。 She shouldn't have bad breath。 Also。

 more things that I added later on。 She must be cool with giving me distance。 Okay。

 I need to be alone a lot。 I'm an natural introvert many times。

 And this is the shit that I talked about with my current girlfriend。 I'm like。Maybeby I love you。

 but I'm really stressed。 I've been talking to people all day。 I've been coaching can I just。

I'd hate to see have you see me like this， but let me be alone， let me be alone for a night。

 here's a cab， I'll see you tomorrow and my girl's like， sure baby。If it makes you feel better。

 that's good。 I can also stay here and massage you。 but I'm like， no， no， thanks。 I just wantna be。

 Okay， baby I'll see you tomorrow。 And she's just for her。 it's not a problem。

 She's none in a low selfreine position where she's like。

 what does that be does it doesn't love me anymore。

 she understands me And that's the beautiful thing about that。

 Also let's keep going the minimum product here。 she must be very。

 very very selfconfident because first of all， my job。 know， she sees me with all these other girls。

 So she needs to understand that she's at the very top of the food chain。

 She's my queen more about that later， by the way。 and jealous chapters etc。

 she must be open minded and not quite quick to judge。 This is really fucking key。

 I hate when to girl judges。 she must be open mind I generally loving to anybody Also she must be able to be on any of my programs and cool to hang out with eccentric friends like。

 oh， and she must be cool with us sitting on a table yelling fucking talking about bitches very。😊。

And she must be really， really cool with that。 She must also be able to be a good listener when I go on my ridiculous rants。

 She must be highly。😊，I wouldn't say sexual predator。

 but she must be a highly sexual being and totally cool with my poorvy behavior。

Nothing hotter than that。 And most importantly， this is the last point I I added。

 She must be on T Max。She must be able to support me my endeavors。 I mean。

 she doesn't actually have to work with us， but she must be able to see my vision and support me with that。

 Okay， my girl right now never complains that I'm hustling too much。

 And that is indispensable for me。 When I worked on fearless。 I didn't have a team。

 It was just me editing this all every single video of this program。 And I'm like， baby， I got。

 I got a hustle up for six hours。Don't disturb me。 And she's like， O， baby。

 I'm gonna sit here and be on Instagram。 She would literally sit at the other end of the room。

 Sc through Instagram。 have。 And she she would love it。

 She just enjoyed being in the same room with me。 And truly， I did so， too。

 I enjoy it knowing that she's sitting behind me。 And that really enabled me to hustle even harder。

 So my go team accent。 and I love her for that。 Now， really， really key。

 Let's talk about the next point。 And this is gigantic。

 And I actually have something special for you right here。 my dear G G listener， G G viewer。

 Let's talk about a low self esteem women versus high self esteem women。 L S E versus age S E。😊。

What we're gonna do here is I thought a lot about how much should I include here。

 how much should I talk about that， I already talked about this in the natural， what should I do。

 And I'm like， you know what， See something special。

 Usually you'd have to buy the entire natural program to watch what I'm about to show you。

 But I said since I appreciate the living fuck out of you for getting aboard with this program。

 I'm gonna directly take this footage from the natural。

 I'm gonna put it in here for you to watch because it's perfectly applicable for a situation here。

 It breaks down in incredible depth。 The difference between low self-esteem women。

 high self-esteem women and low sex drive and high sex drive women。

 And this is really cool because now we put it in the context of what you need to look out for。

 And this little excerpt from the natural is gonna hammer that shit in better than any other time I could have ever done it。

 So really appreciate that because it's something special and I would have never been allowed to do that。

 but I kind of lobbied RsD I'm like let me put this part of the program into this other program。😊。

For people to appreciate it。 Okay， so without any further ado。

 we're going to cut directly into a clip of the natural that explains in great depth。

 difference between low self esteem， high self esteem， low sex drive and high sex drive。 Let's go。😊。

Yes， so in this chapter， we're going to talk about the different kinds of girls there are and what are the best ways to engage with all these different kinds of girls because。

Girls are not girls。 Okay， there's different kinds。 obviously， I'm massively overgeneralizing。

 oversimplifying， but I basically broke it down to two kinds of girls， high self-esteeem。

 low self-estee and furthermore high sex drive and low sex drive girls。 But yeah。

 let's look into that。 Now， you don't want to engage with this。

 you don't want to use the same way of engaging to every kind of girl， obviously。

 and to be fully honest， just biologically speaking， as we already establishing in chapters before。

 were're all just built to love sex。 sex is one of the most natural。

 if not the most natural thing in the world， things in the world。 And we're just built to love it。

However。Society， or even a more extreme manner， our upbringing can fuck up pretty big time。

 You probably experience that yourself。 You don't have a perfect upbringing none of us has。

 And that comes that surface is the best when it comes to sexuality。

 So what do I mean by that say there are different kind of ways to engage with a girl。

 depending on what kind of girl she is。 For example， you can decide， okay。

 I only hang out with this girl in order to get social proof from her。

 I'm not even gonna engage in any kind of sexual activity， just getting social proof from her。

 That is I believe the old school pick a motion called it pivots or something。

 I believe that's what the young kids called it。 And the other way， of course， is a one night stands。

 one night stand and call the day， you can become fuck buddies with a girl。

 you can get the relationship with the girl or you can just stay friends。

 The cool thing about staying friends as a sign is， you can always be that。

 So even after fuck after her being your fuck buddy。

 You can decide you want to become friends with her and stuff like that so。

The option for that is always open。 but again， most important is for you to know what kind of girl is there and what is the best way to engage with her so you don't fall into traps。

 you don't end up in a manipulative relationship you don't end up with the crazy girls and so on and so forth。

 we're going to talk about these examples in very， very thorough manner later Most importantly。

 as I mentioned earlier， as' high self-esteem girls， low self-esteem girls， etc etc。

 and here comes the harsh truth about game you end up being attracted to those girls that reflect your own self-esteem the best。

 So if you if you've had a lot of experience already with a certain kind of girls， for example。

 I always end up with the crazy girls， the fuck up girls。

 I always end up with the crazy party girls or in my specific case。

 I always end up with the girls that have really， really fucked up childhood。😡，Tells a lot about me。

 funny enough now granted。I didn't have a fuck up child myself。

 But what it what it was is I call this a fixer syndrome。

 So those girls that had the greatest impact on my life were always girls that had just like massive issues。

 And I kind of wanted to help them。 I'm like， I feel attracted to this girl。

 and I just want to fix her。 I wanted her to be happy again。

 I wanted to forget all the sorrow that she had。 I want to help her I want to fix her。

 And as I mentioned earlier， you attract those kinds of girls that you are yourself。

 And my problem was like， I so badly wanted somebody to fix me。

 I wanted to have somebody that shows me the world。

 and shows me how to become a man that shows me how to God how to become an attractive man that that lack。

 because I never had somebody like that。Was being mirrored in my choice of partner。Hart truth。

 But yeah， so that's a good indicator of the girls that you're attracted to and funny enough。

 A big reason why I've never had some why I'm doing this right now。

 the natural and basically the whole job I'm having with real social dynamics is because I didn't have anybody to show me。

 So I want to kind of give that back。 So it's kind of my fixer syndrome here as well as funny as that sounds。

 And it's interesting to know that the more I got into game and personal development。

 the more I evolved as a person as a man， the cooler and less fucked up。

 the girls actually became a hung out with all the way to an extent where now。

 I just feel massively weirded out by those very， very fucked up childhood kind of girls。

 and I usually just like end up with their like pretty healthy girls mentally to great extent。

 I'm still crazy。 know I'm a nerd。 So I kind of end up with the nerdy girls as well。

 It's just as a side note so。You can see yourself very well in your choice of partners。

 but let's get into it。 low self-esteem girls。 Now there's a couple ways to identify low self-esteem girls。

 We're going go through them in not in any particular order。

 but if you see one or many of those aspects。 you can be pretty sure that it is a low self-esteem girl you're dealing with here。

 number one， manipulation， manipulation， manipulation， they're highly manipulative。

 mostly user sexuality， you know their looks to you manipulate people into giving them what they want and the interesting thing is the reason why they manipulate is not because they're evil or because they're sattan or a fuck。

 the reason why they manipulate people is because their reality consists of such a bad self picture。

 selfimage like， oh my God。I am such a horrible person。 I hate myself， deep done inside。

 I don't respect myself， deep done inside， that they think every other person must think the same。

So they literally think like， okay， people could never like me for who I am。 I mean， look at me。

 I'm horrible。 I don't even like myself。 So the only way to engage with people。

 the only way to reach out to people is through me manipulating them because。😡。

I as a low selfeststemed person just don't believe that anybody could just like me。

 Obviously they're not like me， they just want to fuck with me so I need to manipulate them so they stay with me。

Very bad。 And I have to say this is not just girls who are like low selfestseemed person in general。

 Another important character trait is they're aggressive or passive， aggressive。

 Like usually girls are very passive， aggressive。 You know。

 like they start walking around like not talking to him anymore like， oh。

 you know what's wrong already。 And you're like no， I know what's wrong。 Oh， you know。

 like that's passive aggressive behavior or aggressive aggressive behavior。 Okay。

 like girls like trying to run in your door and like that。

 I had one girl she like threatened that she would walk around in my house and knocking on every neighbor's door and telling them what how bad of a person I am for yeah。

 So that is aggressive， aggressive behavior And another feature is drama。What is drama。

 It is emotions。 They need the drama。 They need the drama of the everyday life。

 because that's feeding them with the emotions that they need。 they're addicted to emotions。

 They don't get the drama from real life。 They start watching so opera。 They start watching。

 you know jersey short or whatever the fuck or all these talk shows because that's whoa whoa。

 there's something going on and need the emotions， which leads further it feeds into the notion of a relationship with that girl that a wellfunctioning harmonious is as harmony。

 like in harmony， relationship does not work with them。It's funny。

 maybe you've had an experience like that。 Like all of a sudden， finally， everything works out。

 You're both happy。 Everything is cool。 And then the girl starts a fight for no reason。

 That's not necessarily because the actual thing she starts to fight about is pissing her off。 No。

 it's more like she needs to friction。 She needs the emotion again， a wellfunctioning。

 nice relationship is not going to work with her。 So what they usually do， not usually。

 but what I see so many times is。😊，Ls of a De girl or LSE girl， as we call it。

 finds a nice little beta male because he gives her the validation。

 he provides her with the emotions and you know whatever else she wants。 And he， of course。

 tries to make her life happy and gives her everything she wants until everything's perfect。

 And then all of a sudden。She loses interest。 She， I quote， doesn't feel it any more。 Now， of course。

 then she goes out。 F some alpha male stud， right， The dougge bag。 How the em。😡。

The mainstream narrative would call it。 And then she blames the betam。 you know， oh。

 I just don't feel it anymore。 You're just not a real man anymore and stuff like that because she needed the friction。

 She needed the drama。 Another feature is they test you a lot。 We call the shit test。

 we're going to talk about this later and opposite because every girl is going to test you because the basic test is hey。

 are you an alpha Maary cool。 but the waste low self-esteem girls test you is their tests have no boundaries。

 A perfect example of that。 it was actually my hometown in Austria。 I met a girl。

 beautiful Angel face， absolutely gorgeous。 She has an angel face。

 you know she you could just you couldn't imagine her having any bad thoughts because she's such a beautiful angel face。

 were going to talk about this in a second。 And I met her and it was New Year's Eve。 You know。

 I had those like little firecrackerers And you know we threw it around a parking lot of the disco and yeah。

 we had a good time and she's like you know Max， you should take the firecracker and go inside。😊。

The dance floor， I just throw it at people， throw in the middle of the dance floor， and I'm like。

Whoa， no， like people people could get hurt from that。 Like I can't you can't throw those inside。

 Are you crazy。 Those were like hardcore fire cracks。 They were like really loud， you know。

 And she's like， oh are you not a real men Are you not a real Are you not a real alpha male。

 Now you should do that。 don't be a fucking pussy And again。

 like that's crazy and and I remember I had the pickup theory back then already in my head， I'm like。

 okay， whoa， that's crazy So her shit test have no boundaries。 No boundaries at all。 So that is one。

 you know， another feature that low selfestseem girl might throw at you important to know here is that it's the majority of girls that are low self-estteem。

 Now， why is that because usually a attractive girls are younger and yeah， younger girls。

 just have low selfesteeem。 you pretty much the same。 You have， if you're in the mid20s。

 you probably have a lot more self-esteeem now than you have when you were 1617，181920。 So you know。

 it just takes a while for your character to grow to evolve for you to become you know， a more self。

Eseemed， how do you say a self confidentfi person。 So usually all the younger girls and the majority of the girls that you will be hanging out with in your pickup journey are going to be low self-esteem。

 but not all of them。 don't worry。 no red pillll thing they're all low self esteem and manipulative。

 No， no， no， don't worry。 We'll go to the good side of of girls later on。 I said earlier already。

 Ho girls very often have low selfesteeem again that goes together with their young age。

 but also there's this this notion called the halo effect。 What is the halo effect。

 say it is that when we see a pretty person， man or woman。

 we kinda automatically project a perfect lifestyle， perfect character traits on them。

 Like I said earlier， beautiful girl angel face， she looks so cute and innocent。

 And you just kind of start interpreting everything she does。 Oh， she's cute and innocent。

See kind of， you know， you just think that person is perfect。 She has perfect character， et cea。

 et cetera。 One reality， they don't necessarily have that。

 they're not necessarily a good person just because they look very pretty。 So be careful with that。

 a pretty face doesn't mean a pretty character。 Also， they behave differently to all kinds of people。

 You might have seen that yourself。 You know， you hang out with a girl and she's hanging out with one of her girlfriends。

 and she's all nice to the girlfriend。 Girlend leaves for a second。 Oh my God， all of a sudden。

 here comes the shit talk like oh my God， I can't believe So she like shit talks people behind their back。

 important to know here， if you think you're the only person。 she doesn't shit talk。 You're wrong。

 Shi roll is gonna dark shit talk about you as well。 again。

 that all feeds into because she's deep down。 She's actually very low self-esteeem。

 So she puts on a mask。 He's overly nice to people， et ce， etc ce， etc ce。 victimt roll。

 victim mentality， right， also very prevalent。 The girls complain like oh I have it so difficult。

 always end up with the wrong guys， victim victim victim， Poor me， Poor me， poor me。

A high self esteem girl would be somebody who steps up， right， they could be through as much shit。

 if not even more shit， but they're like， okay。Fuck up situation。 Fed up upb brain。

 but I'm going to do the best out of it。 Los Sald girls don't do that。

 They love the emotion of being the victim， right， and they subconsciously get themselves in a situation where theyre the victim over and over again。

 they say girls who are beat by their boyfriends。Usually end up with another boyfriend that was going up。

 this is ending up beating her。 So they always find back into that role。

 There's extremely deep psychological aspects playing into here。

 We're not going to do that deep into that because you know。

 it doesn't necessarily have a lot to do with that。

 All you need to know is how to identify those those emeststeem girls。 I always also say。

 look at her relationship， Look at her friendships and relationships to her family。

 the close friends。 How， how tight are they。 How， how good is the relationship between them。Okay。

 how solid are her relationships if she can feel like she trusts her family， her friends， etc cetera。

 et cetera， that is usually a high selfesteemem go， but again， if she like puts on a false mask here。

 she has completely different there， if she has like not a lot。

 a lot of solid relationships with their parents with her brothers sisters， whatever。

 and then it's usually a low self-esteeem goal， so usually the way she has a relationship is usually a very good indicator whether or not she's low selfesteem or high selfesteem。

Drug abuse， alcohol abuse。 I think that's very obvious。

 And many of those like hardcore party girls usually have low samples steamem。 They go out party。

 They just like。You know， get completely gone with alcohol， drug influence， etc， etc ce。

 basically a form of escapism。 I believe that's what you call it。 And they also love the validation。

 We're gonna talk about that in a second and so on and so forth。

 Now beware that girls go through phases And just because she's low self-esteem when she's 1921。

25 doesn't mean she's going be low selfesteem forever。 People can change。 People can evolve。

 And I had that many times where a girl， I meet a girl， she's very high selfesteem。

 She got her shit together and stuff like that。 And then she would tell me about， you know。

 her wild teenage years when they were like 16 going to underage， drinking parties， etc。

 like oh yeah， it was my party phase It was very insecure because this because of that。 So again。

 most of that is temporary。 But again， it's important for you to know And that situation where you meet the girl Is she low selfesteem or high self-esteem。

Also， they love validation。 They're so validation seeking。 They're fishing for compliments。

 If you look at girls， Los Esteem girls Facebook， Instagram accounts together social media。

 they're usually full of like pretty faces， you， duck faces of very。

 very sexually alluring pictures because that's where they get the likes。

 That's where they get all the cons。 I' like God is so pretty， so pretty funny， though。

 on the other hand， they adhere to the 100% mainstream social narrative notion of sex。

 which means judging slut shaing， etc ceter。 So if you see that a lot of extremely pretty girl calling other pretty girls I like。

 oh she's a slut。 she's a horror， she's dirty in all that shit again， very， very low self etem。

 It's interesting And using their sexuality to get validation in order to feel themselves。

 know to make themselves feel good。 That's my identity。 I'm so full of shit。 I hate myself。

 but at least I get good likes on my Facebook。 on the。😊，The hand just totally judging。

 looking down on people who have an open sexuality， etca， etc ceter。 So again， discrepancy， very。

 very bad。 low ofste girl， you don't want to indulge in any of that。

 Another one is bade a male shaming， for example， look at that guy。 He's so gay。

 Like He totally wants to fuck me， but he's such a fucking loser。 Okay， like putting people down。

 basically， iss just a bad thing。 low of ete girls love putting people down， bait a male shaming。

 s shaming， the whole fucking thing。 And it's funny because she qualifies herself so easily once you take the validation。

 just a little bit away from them。 Once you're the only guy who doesn't give her compliment she's so pretty。

 You know， things like small things like you Julian said like， a little too red。

a little too short at boom， oh my God， those girls will chase you forever。Which is， you know。

 great for one night stand great for becoming fuck， but， et cetera， et cetera。

 But you don't want to engage in the longer relationship with those kind of guys。

 But we're talking about this in a second。 They do fast here。 So again。

 they validate themselves really， really fucking quickly。 Meie， for example。

 in this little infieldll clip here。 I'm just a guy with a drink on his head。

You guys are so much fun。来我。Not that you hurt。Carmania。そで like。

You know like that's what the girls like you can tell。 So as you can basically see here。

 she's standing there with another friend。 She's extremely good looking， by the way， again。

 Los of's De girls can be very， very good looking and I'm saying oh you guys are funny and she's like oh thank you。

 right she got the validation。 And then I say except for you。😊，And oh my God。

 all of a sudden lack of all this， she needs it， she needs it， she needs it。I furthermore ignore her。

 tell my friends to ignore her。 And again， she' just more and more validation。 more like， oh。

 where are you from， Where are you from， Let's see， like validate。

 like all I would do is get validation away from her。 you see what I mean like。

Just pure validation chasing， like it's crazy。す。That's cool， you don't need to claw。

If all of us ignore her， she's just like。s too muchWell yeah let me if I couldn't look if I call her around obviously shes like fuck here。

 but she's still looking at me though I see it you see him It that interesting？😊，son， she was。

I' from Austria。🎼Austria。今でありがとうござ。Yeah， also also， by the way。

 note note the secret for a horizontal。Seeking For04's analogy。LetThey sign of movies in my face。

 That's not how it works。 Here's going to be the funny thing。 I'm going to be nice to her。

 I'm gonna hug her。And let's see what she's going to say now。啊ok。Id we like a real person， not a dog。

말았죠。I have a boyfriend right， so all of a sudden she has a validation that she needed。

 pushing the guy away， she doesn't want anything like oh my God， I got the validation， no no， no。

 thank you right， so that way she can remain on her little self imposeposed pedestal。

's simultaneously feeling very empty inside。 The most obvious signal that a girl can give you that she's low self-esteem。

 usually coupled with low sex drive as well。 gonna talk more about low sex drive high sex drive。

 later on is when she gives you what I call dichotomous signals。 Now those dichotous signals。

 The basic principle behind those is on the one hand， They signal you something like oh my God。

 so horny， please fuck me or' so fucking hot。 I really need badly， come on， it's fuck let's fuck。

 But once you quote unquote， make a move or you know you want to meet her she's like， oh， it's like。

 oh no， no what， no， I can't I can't she comes up with some bizarre。

 Like those usually the more bizarre， those reasons the more low self is even more fucked up they are she comes up with some bizarre excuse as to why this is not possible。

 So let's get into a couple of examples here。 The first example。

 if you have the natural version that includes the Max hotse。

 We're gonna go into an entire clip with what I call the devil。

It's a girl that gives me those dichotomomy signals over and over again。

 you see me how to deal with it and succeed， by the way， And or it's very prevalent over text game。

 You might notice that like just typical like3 a text games。

 The girl calls you at 3 AM like hey come over I need you but then you want to come over I know sudden she's like well I fell asleep。

 Let's look into a couple text game examples here that people from the natural family have sent me and let's look into them see here trusted member of the natural family I quote and I think his English is not perfect。

 excuse me。 Hi Max， I'm having trouble initiating a meetup with this girl。 I mettro in a club。

 I got her number， she tried to kiss me as I walked away we have the first dichotous signal。

 I thought great， I'll meet this girl， no problem， I texted her， we became Facebook friends。

 I then found out she was a model with thousands the followers Everyone knows her。

 she's extremely popular right here。 we have the social media。 she's getting all the validation。😊。

From social media，m not saying every model has those problems。

 but is already getting into that indicator。 she is extremely problem probably got hundreds of guys sending her loads of messages。

 massaging her ego， giving her all the power making her feel like the super prize which is everyone is dying to win you can even see how insecure a guy is a little bit here because he his ego comes up with that as well and which is yeah everyone is dying to win doing our text conversation。

 she kept fishing for compliments， another sign sending me loads of pictures of her another sign none of which I let on that I really liked her so he's kind of doing well here。

 he shows alpha male behavior and I teased her for being too old。

 teasse her for looking ill she asked what color of hair liked I told her just to keep hat on。

Or even better some other fucking thing。 I dropped hints that I'm used to being around other models。

 I told her that I've only been with two models。 who actually had a personality。

 So he does not that badly。 he might overcompensate a little bit。

 but the basic gist is he wants to show alpha maleal behavior， which that to her quaing herself。

 So he you can see he away takes away the validation。 she qualifies herself to even more。

 even teach her about how she is a bad kisser b b b b。

Telling her the only reason I remember her was because her kiss was the worst kiss of the night that's a little overcompensating from the guy's side when I asked her to meet。

 she ignored the request and sent another picture asking if I liked it。

Interesting now I don't know should I asked her again yes or no， yada， yada yada。

 So you basically see her fishing for comments， fishing forence， hey， let's meet。

 completely ignores it， sends some more pictures fishing for compliments very bad Now the next example is actually even worse。

 I apologize in advance。 So here's a trusted natural family member here。

 and I quote I just got the rug pulled out from beneath my two feet dude turning my reality upside down by a bitch。

Now he says not his words on mine。So， so good， such a good example and so frequently that this happens。

 she calls me at 1 a and talks to me all sexy and tells me how she's all alone at her place and she wants to watch a movie with me。

So she asks if I asks if I want to come over and I say， sure， send me your address。

 and I'll be there in an hour。 She sends me your address。

 I get to her place about 45 minutes away and takes her to come down。 We go back a few more threads。

 and then she stops responding。Like she disappeared or some shit。

And I'm still sitting at that fancy lobby of a downtown blah， blah。

 blah city complex for students writing this to make sense of the stupidity I just underwent。

This was from a code approach I did last week and we made plants at each other。

 but I stood her up on by accident， she called me tonight and escalate to the meetup what the fuck dudes。

 what the fuck。So again， basic example of'm sohorinium， so horn， please fuck me I need it。

 signal number one， and then all of a sudden。Oh， I'm tired。

 I need to go to seabo you can't come more。 She just stops responding， which is the other signal。

 So that is very， very prevalent with low self-esteem girls， especially with the low self-esteem。

 low sex drive girls。 But before we're gonna get into more examples。 Here's the bright side。

 Don't worry too much because low self-esteem girls can still have a high sex drive。

 So those are girls that are very validation seeking， but they still love sex。

 they still want to be fuck， they even see sex as a form of validation， Here's the deal。

 if you counter their manipulation attempts， their bullshit。

 their validation seeking with alpha male behavior， which basically means not taking any their shit。

 not qualifying yourself， not taking them too seriously。

 basically same behavior as you would do anyway。 if you're an alpha male。

 you can get to sex pretty easily， you can engage with sex with the girl。

 and meantime times those girls are also quote unquote good in bad。

 They're quite crazy and so on and so forth。 they can be quite sluing right。

 once you're in bed with them。 They embrace their。Hor side。

 as we talked about earlier in the Madonna Hori complex。 And that can be pretty good。

 But in here's the most important thing。 only engage with them in terms of one night stands。

 Max fuck buddies。 Max fuck buddies because again， sex is great。 They can be cool。 They can be fun。

 too。 definitely can party girls。 everything that can give really good sex。 and so and so forth。

 but you do not want to get them in your life because they can fuck you up very， very big times。

 So meet up with them have sex have fun to whatever， but don't let them too far into your life。

 don't share too much with them because eventually， it's just gonna go down the fucking drain。

 and we're gonna see more， very bad examples as well。 Now， low self esteem。

 Low sex drive is the worst and most horrible version of the girl you can encounter。

 So basically what happen there is they have low selfesteeem。

 and something happen in their childhood that just。

Made them not being able to identify with sexuality。

 So their whole identity around sex is just completely fucked up。

 These are usually girls that have been raped， abused， molested。

 they just like they can't identify with their sexual sexual side so many times it happens like this girl on that example。

 they're horny and they act all horny， but they don't even really know what really horny means they're just like a thing I need the thing and then they crave the validation and they love the validation from the guys always like because it temporarily fills fills the void inside them and once it comes to real sex or once they're about to meet all of a sudden they come up with a bizarre reason it just never happens if you've ever hacked a girl like you know puts you off。

 she's like， oh hey， let's meet and she never does it and she always keeps you on a tight leash if you will and you never ever get to meet her or escalate further or even if you escalate and you even end up having sex it's just horrible total starfish。

 those are those have steam low sex。rive so there some point of there growing up of their upbring。

 there has this has been this discrepancy between their sexual identity completely fucked up。

 Here's what you're going to do run。Run， run， run。 Don't hang out with those girls。

 Don't get manipulated by them。 It's， it's horrible。 It ends up in bullheit。

 We're gonna have more examples。 run， Okay， low self's deem high sex drive。 totally cool。

 You can hang out with them。 You can have sex with them。

 You can even have get social proof from them， use them as pivots， if you will。

 even though I don't like that description。 But low have deem low sex drive girls。

 get the fuck out of there。Get the fuck out that。 There's just other I can say about that。 So yeah。

 let's look get an actual real life example that one of the natural family members has gone through。

And I quote， before the game， one of the reasons I got into the game is I had one Itis and she actually once told me that if I don't blow off basketball game with my friends。

 she would break up with me。I was a show to hell to bite her and I came and she wasn't there so she says don't go to the basketball game or I break up with her so he said。

 okay baby I just want to make things right， I'm not gonna go to the basketball game I'm gonna meet you and she's not there I never even fucked her。

She would make me， she would， again， like， sorry for the bad English。

 She would make me deal with school teachers for her。 I went to the market for her。 And yeah。

 I never really even fucked her。 Luckiily， my friend ended the relationship for me。 Thank you， broal。

 Anyway， I was so trapped in a mindset that she will leave me and embarrass me。Sorry。

 you had to read this。 So again， it just never happens。 never have sex they use you。 They abuse you。

 This usually goes along with like beta males right。

 They choose beta males subconsciously or consciously because an a male will never deal with their shit。

 So let's look at more examples here of low self's de behavior。 I really want to say here。

 This is not because I want to like judge women like， look how stupid there。

 as I want to give you a clear picture of what a low selfs low selfs deemed woman looks like。

 So you can avoid it or at least identify， identify her and then make a conscious decision of how far you want that woman in your life。

 And again。Over generalizing and we'll going to the bright side to the high self esteem woman very。

 very shortly， but let's go through a couple more examples in order to get a little bit of a greater picture on that。

Trusted member， in a natural family。 I met this really alluring girl and started seeing her for only two weeks。

 I didn't realize she manipulated me until contemplating about it。

 but she came to me one night and started crying。 I asked her， why are you crying， babe。 She told me。

 you don't even care about me。 You do the same shit to all the other slotluts in the bar right here。

 We have the sexual judging。 Oh， all the other girls or slots。 I felt so bad。 This is what he says。

 I felt so bad that I stopped what I was doing and spent the whole night with her。 Eventually。

 she convinced me to stop going out every weekend。 I almost felt obligated to be with her and that having fun at meeting girls and knew people was wrong。

 In the end。 It didn't work out。 Well， no shit。 The aunt didn't work out。

 I feel like she just used me to see if she could get a guy like me to commit her to her。

 Almost as a test。 The only lesson I learned was never change yourself for someone else。

Another example here， my ex was one of these manipulative girls and also the one of the one of the reasons why I resonated so much with game and when I heard about it。

 They explained so much about our relationship and why the shit happened that happened the way it did。

 She made me feel guilty for wanting to spend time with all with other people。

She made me feel guilty for going out， et ce。So then when came when I became the boring provider figure who had completely lost all his social skills and his friends。

 I was now boring and she left me。Then when she realizes after she left him。

 he build his life up again， when she realized I'm happier without her， she begs to have me back。

She was， and probably still is the best example of manipulative psychopath。

 And the best part is it doesn't look like she even had any idea what she was doing most of the time。

 even in hindsight， true psychopathic behaviour。 So this is what I said earlier again。

 Don't hate girls because of that。They've had it rough。 their identity is just completely fucked up。

 It's not like they're evil。 They just don't even know what's going on。

 They're completely subject to emotions， logical thinking doesn't really work that well。Just very。

 very sad。 very， very sad。 Again， just for you to know another example。

 she would flirt with my wing and my own brother and barely interact with me unless using her sexuality to keep me hooked。

 I felt like she had me on a string， but I didn't recognize it till after I cut her off。😔。

We're stupid too， we men are so blind by a pretty face and a hot ass and a nice pair of tis because although the guys sit basically the same like I didn't realize what was going on until I stopped until my friends told me to stop because again。

 hay effect， Pre girl， beautiful girl and we just get soaked in suck in like oh。

 she's still amazing and stuff like that yeah。Fucked up， And again。

 I want to say there's guys that do exactly the same。 right， It's not judging women here。

 there's just low selfesteem people。 but since it's about talking to girls here。

 we might as well give you all the examples about girls。 Another guy。

 I was dating this girl actually just fucking her and she wanted more。😡。

And she always felt like she didn't deserve me and I could feel it。

Whenever I would make something she didn't like， she would try to make me feel bad about it。

She was complaining about me not eating her。 I I suppose he's talking about cunylingus。

 She tried to analyze me to make me feel like shit。 But I didn't get trapped， though。

 I knew what she was up to， and she remained my little bitch like I wanted to。Yeah。

 it's an extreme example of girl， I wouldn't I wouldn't tell you to make her your bitch， but again。

 tries to make you feel bad， etc ceter， this guy here and went out with one of my friends。

 she was an ex coworkerer of mine she recently broke up with her boyfriend so I was hanging out with her as friends。

She had very low selfesteeem being alone， then we both liked each other I finally escalated and got to a point where we made out with each other once after that kiss。

 she would not allow any further， she would not allow any further escalation。

Thinking it would mean that we were together。 So， again。

 bizarre excuse why we could not make out with each other。 She loved having me around。

 but did not want us to be a thing。 I was solely manipulated without knowing it because I thought I could never fall into that trap。

 So I stayed with her for a month and a half after that phase。

 I saw her again two months later and realized she got more confident。 which。Sorry。

 she got my confidence which she credits from me hanging out with her。

She told me I can have every guy except my ex， she started hanging out with guys that she knew she liked her。

 that she knew liked her， it seemed like she wanted to go on days with guys just to flirt with them and get free stuff without having sex or a boyfriend。

So again， Los's deemed low sex drive behavior here， just getting free shit。

 never actually having sex because there's a strong disassociation with her sexuality。

 She told me if you were me and you would go out with guys for free wine a chocolate you would do the same she would sometimes call me to talk about guys she met or how she missed her X it was always a set head story。

 I told her I didn't want to talk to her if it was negative now she does not call or message me anymore。

 So again he was basically like this emotional tamong as you called it which is a very。

 very frequent thing they do with beta males like oh dropping all my bullshit on them Another guy says simple example of me being a provider back when I didn't know better a few years back I just wanted to have a few female friends for social proof but mostly just for a good time didn't care about fucking them they were more like little sisters but they started using me for lifts and such whenever I said no they went well。

 that's not nice be consider it So it's so interesting And then he furthermore says the positive reinforcements were。

You were the nicest and such and I hated blah， bh， blah， blah it's interesting because again。

 here's the mainstream kind of thing that the mainstream thinking like are you little fucking Baateam male I would never fuck you。

 but I'm gonna get free shit from you and if you refuse I'm going call you out I'm gonna beit a male shame you oh that's not nice。

 Why are you not a nice guy。A bad， bad， bad， here's another example。

I hope we're stopping with these soon。I got a great one about this。 A few years back。

 my very first girlfriend broke up with me a few months before my high school graduation。

 I was fortunate enough to attend a very prestigious high school back in my home city。

 so a graduation ceremony was quite a big deal among students。 Of course。

 tickets were limited and very sought after apparently my exgfend was unable to get one before they ran out。

 So on the very same morning of the graduation ceremony while I was receiving my diploma。

 a friend of hers texted me saying that my ex-girlffriend really missed me and as she had realized breaking up with me was a mistake and she wanted to take she wanted to talk to me that day that it was urgent and couldn't wait。

😊，Foolish me， fell for the trap。 My ex and her friend planned。

 I found her ticket at the last minute so she could come to the party that night and we could talk。

 She surely attended， saw me a few times didn't even come to say hello or congratulations or anything。

 She simply used me to get a ticket into this popular prom night and then went on to spend the whole night with some of the other people she knew from my class。

She did apologize about a year later when I guess she had a consciousness check again here people can evolve。

 people can grow， people can get out of that low selfte face。

 she told me she really really wanted to attend that party of manipulating me into getting her ticket was the only way she thought she could do it。

Another example， many years back when I was instill in school and full of Choderade。

 a girl and I mutually liked each other， that's what I thought at the time。

 after we kissed for the first time she told me" if you really like me。

 you don't talk to me for the next month so I will know for sure that you actually like me or it's over。

Like again， what the fuck， I was thought she was joking at that time so I didn't think much of it and then for the following months she proceeded to purposely drag other guys near my proximity and flirt with them in front of me to make me feel jealous。

She would actually make sure I see it like sitting on their lap， feeling， feeling them up， etc ceter。

 cringing at myself as I think back along。 So again， sexually alluring， validation， jealousy， drama。

 emotions， yada， yada， yada， another example， I was with the same girl of my my first from age from 15 through 27。

 She would really put out whatever that means I tried everything I could think of and even ask her and she would just say。

 oh， maybe I'm too stressed。 If you did more around the house， maybe I'll be more interested。

 So seems like the girl is withdrawing sex from him。Using it as a manipulation bait。

 so because you should do more around the house。 And he says， and I would do more and still。

 still little to no change。 It got to the point where I was doing almost everything at the time。

 I was working nights and found out long after the relationship ended。

That she was having parties late night when the kids were asleep and I was at work。

 no wonder she was burnt out。And I guess I stuck around for moral duty。

 I had kids to raise and I did commit when we were married。

 I was also afraid of financial problems if we got separated and I was also afraid that I wouldn't be able to find someone else。

 Losing her was the best thing I ever did and it's funny too because all the things I was afraid of were all fucking lies。

So what this guy did is he did not hear to the natural rules。

 He actually let a low selfestseemed girl， possibly low sex drive into his life。

 married her and even got kids with her worst mistake ever。 This is actually a really good example。

 And You know， let's make this the last one。 I was young and naive。 But I loved the girl so much。

 She was able to scam me hard out of thousands of dollars and gallons of tears。😊。

I was taking a break from college and she came into my life and offered me all sorts of insights into counterculture。

 reading， what does it say， bauning， Aan ran， Tolstoy， etc。Smart girl， totally smart girl。

 She reads all these things。 We traveled the world together on my dime。 That's right。

 She would say over and over that she loved me， but that she needed to generate income and travel。

 Si I made it happen。 I paid for her trips and gave her a wage in order to have her company。

 granted we had lots of sex in the beginning， and it was spectacular， but after a couple of years。

 she started wanting to see other people despite our arrangement。

 and I was so infatuated that somehow I wound up living with her and her new boyfriend in his father's house。

 And in the middle of some bumf fucking place。 She deliberately stopped。I got。

 she deliberately stopped the sex and literally spent nights crying myself to sleep while she spent nights in his room while I slept alone every other day。

 Somehow， I got myself out of that situation with a couple of slaps to my face from caring friends who heard my plight。

 I caught her trying to wow， I caught her trying imping suggestions in my head when I slept。

 I think that was one of the last draws。😊，I spent a lot of time recovering from that。 In short。

 this girl blew my mind with fresh philosophy and showed me some new things in bed and was able to convince me to run away and spend loads of money on her。

 when she had what she needed， she didn't just leave me。

 She asked me to continue to supply with supply her while she began a relationship with a new guy while living with them。

 She took aggressive advantage of my naivety and blind love。

 She wasn't all evil and offered me a lot。 But there are clear signs of manipulation。

 She was clearly disturbed ever since over a decade。

 I've never fallen that hard for anyone one again。 So again could be smart girls。

 Usually very pretty girls。 and。😊，I want to say。Because they have such low self-esteem。

 that is the only way they think they can engage with people。

 It's not because they're evil from the bone。 It's just they don't know any better for you it's important to know to avoid those girls。

 You can have sex with them。 They're usually good in bad as some of those people said。

 but don't get them in your life don't let them get too close。

 Dr doesn't interest the high self-esteem girl。 Of course， to certain extent。

 we all kind of respond to drama and the emotions evoke from them。

 but it's not us something she does have to have。A well functioning relationship。 perfect。

 She's happy ever after the long functioning， well functioning long termm relationship。

 She's not manipulative。 If she's manipulative， she's manipulative in a way that benefits her and the person as she manipulates。

 right， So， for example， She knows her partner has been letting himself go a lot。

 and he's getting unhealthy。 She maybe manipulates him a little bit。

 like teases is ego little bit So he goes to the gym together with her， right。

 So he lives healthy again。 So again， her man is always very， very positive manipulation。

 She's just a good， fucking influence on you。 The relationships they have are very， very solid。

 You have a good ratio of their to her family to her friends。 She cares about her friends。

 She's there for them。 She helps them out。 She loves them。 she's very motherly。

 I've had the manytime whenever I was with a high subte girl。 and I had headache。

 My grandmother girls oh my God， can I help you。 Let me do this。 Let me do that for you。

 And the most important point here is she treats you well。 if you treat her well。😊。

And she doesn't treat you well if you don't treat her well。

 she's leaving when you treat her not so well because look at that。

 what does a low selfeststeem girl do， You treat her well， you give her a validation。

 She treats you like shit， You treat her like shit， You turn a validation away from her。

 Now she chases you and she treats you like a God。Told discrepancy here。

 High self ete God doesn't do that。 You treat her like shit。 She leaves。 She's gone。

 She finds another high selfestsee guy。 You treat her well， She's gonna treat you well back。

 Everything is gonna be fine。 Now， important to know here is。They still test。

 they still should test well dirt， the basic premise of a test is like hey。

 are you' an alpha male now of course a high Southdeem girl wants to make sure that you're an alpha male as well and you know there can still be confrontational character traits。

 but those tests are never beyond boundaries that are never meant for you to hurt yourself or hurt others。

 but there are still tests， for example looking to this infield footage the cheer。気么や。Excuse me me。

 I hate to interrupt。I don't want to be a I hate to interrupt and her response is then why do you do it？

It's not hurting middle to manipulate me she's just like okay guy coming up to us we'll see if he's a fucking alpha male I couldn't resist and I'm like。

 oh， I couldn't resist right， make it fun。And she's just very confrontational in the beginning here。

 let's see a couple other things What were you talking about you where sew into you？

Yeah were talking talk about She She then I went to Ikea and had best Shed shit daddy issues。

 I'm sorry， daddy， you got me with that you got me。I love girls with daddy issues。哇 shit。

WhatWhatWhat if I what if no if I came up if you want to get laid。

 don't say that the Yeah basic premise that get the test if you want to get laid and advice don't say things like that Oh like oh really like sorry you know she's just very confrontal doesn't mean that she's manipulated me she just wants to see okay is this guy a hi self dean guyser no by the way。

 a good response here。Don't see that out I'm a virgin， I'm a virgin， right， don't qualify something。

 oh actually， I fuck a lot of girls。No。Just don't John don't qualify yourself disqualify yourself much rather。

 And again， if if she in her character trade is in and of itself very confrontational。

 doesn't mean she's low selfestseeem。 She just wants to see but we're talking more about all these tests later on。

 still one of the best ways to identify whether or not she's high steam and low self esteem is。

 Look at the way the girl reacts to a compliment again。

 it's about validation if you compliment her and she treat to like shit， low self esteem。

 If you compliment her and she like tries to overcome like， yeah， know， I'm very pretty。

 I'm the best。 Oh my God， Also the low self esteem。 Here's a basic gist。

 a high self esteem girl takes a compliment well。 She says thank you， and that's it。

 It's not a big deal， it doesn't necessarily make her day， she is aware for worth。

 And if you give it a compliment。 she's just like， okay that's cool。 You're cute。 Thank you。

 So anyway， it is not a big deal for her。 I remember。😊。

I was actually myself in a relationship with a very， very low selfesttemed girl。

She had the whole program， you know， fucked up childhood， yada， yada ya， extremely beautiful。

 And I fell for that trap myself。 not saying there was a bad time。 I had a great time with her。

 and I learned a lot， and I'm happy that it happened。

 But yeah know she was very manipulative and she couldn't take a compliment。

 I remember one of the first compliments I gave her。

 we actually had sex long time like like for a week or two straight。

 And I never complimented her looks。 because I kind of felt like I don't want to give that validation。

 But one day I just looked at her like， you know， I really never said that。 but absolutely beautiful。

 you one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen。 And she like she she was so weirded out by that。

 shes like， you could see like she couldn't process that compliment。

 the way she reacted was not just like， oh， thank you。 she was told like， yeah。😊，Of course。

 unknown know'm fucking awesome。 Like just whole over conversationdenation。 totally weird。

 You could see again， those of esttemed girl can't take a compliment that well。 in general。

 you could say that the older the age of the girl， the higher a chance there is that she's high self eseem。

 We talked about this earlier， her identity is being formed。 She knows her worth ce， et ce et ce。

 She's also gone from experiences that made her character grow。

 So usually older girls are usually higher self esteem。 again， massively oversimplifying。

 massively over generalizing her， but as they gist。

 And low sex drive girls coupled with high self esem。

 They barely ever happens because the have high self eseeem。

 They're usually very okay with their sexuality。 so。Baairly ever seen a low a high self esteem。

 low sex drive girl， usually you can tickle the sex drive out of her and you have a good time and。

Another thing they that they do is like they're very sexually open， like I just said。

 there's no shaming， no s shaming， they love sex， they're totally cool with that。

 they're very empowered。They are very feminist。 if you will。 Now。

 feminism is a is a term that has been quite very badly， but a true feminist is like， yeah。

 I fucking love sex。 I'm gonna go fuck some stuff tonight。 That's pretty cruel。

 And they're not judging。 So that is the actual true essence of of true feminism and the high self esteem。

 high sex drive girls。Welcome to Heaven， my friend， so those are girls that are amazing。

 they have highest sex drive。Keep this girl in your life， have sex with her。

 have fuck buddy relationships， one night stands， gain a long term relationship， make her your queen。

 okay， make her the one main girl next to the other girls。Keep that woman in your life。

 Celebrate her and grow alongside with her。Many people would even go as far as as to say， okay。

 the pickup journey is going through all the bullsh， or to find a high selfestseeem。

 high sex drive girls。 And those girls are rare， rarer。

 But the more you're going to expose yourself in terms of pick up to all these girls。

 the more you find them They're out there the older you become。

 the easier it will be for you to find them。 and the easier it will be for you to attract them。

 there's a lot of them out out there。 And and they're just absolutely amazing。

 And that one last point here， We talked a lot now， the week has been quite long。

 but it's important for you to know。 thus the the longness of the video。 many times。😊。

It comes out whether or not she's low self es steamem or high selfsteem。

 the longer you hang out with her， so don't go to the club and be like low subs steamem。

 high subs steamem， low selfsteem， high substeem。You probably are not going to be that accurate when you do it that fast。

 but in general， once you see a bunch of those traits while engaging with a girl for a longer period when you've had sex with her a bunch of times。

No， you're worth。 No what's going on whether not she's low self esteem and high selfestteem。 Again。

 it comes with time。 her true self comes out of time。

 I had one of my ex girlfriends was extremely high self-estseem， as I thought， extremely smart girl。

 extremely beautiful girl。 She was very on point。 She was very testy。

 as similar to the girl in the in footage chair。 And she was very confrontational in a cool way。

 very witty， very successful。 And I thought she was a high selfestseeem girl。 She was just na。

 but laid on a more engaged with her。 She actually showed。😊，Huge traces of low self-esteem。

 And she was just like very， very fucked up。 And yeah， so you can actually just tell with time。

 don't freak out too much， don't judge too early。 The basic premise of this video is if you see one or more of those low self-esteem behaviors。

 be aware and be sure to cut them out before they get into your life too far。

 if you see a high self-esteem behavior one or more be sure to spend more time with they go。

 be sure to keep in your life if you want to if you feel like that and engage with them further beyond the one Id stand beyond the fuckaway relationship if you want to。

Those are the kind of girls as this claimer again， don't judge girls。

 don't judge women if they're low selfphteem， they're manipulative。

 it's because something happened in their childhood， there's a discrepancy。

 disassociation with a sexuality。The same things that I discussed here is exactly the same with men men are obviously manipulating as well if they're low self esteem。

 but we're not talking about picking up men here thus I kind of left that out but no you shit guy。

Have a good time and let's go to the next chapter， all right。ho。That was epic。

 That was some pretty sick fucking excerpt。 I hope you're still there。

 Now we're talking about one last thing here。 and as a falling。 but Max。

I'm already in a relationship。Now， that that's great。 obviously， And let's say it in that way。

 you're ready in relationship。 And you've seen a lot of low value behavior that we've explained here in your girlfriend。

 And let me tell you， it's hard to hear。 if you just recognize your girlfriend as a low self-esteem girl and the problems that are go along with it。

 I know this is fucking tough list in this right now。 And once again， to emphasize。

 you might have accepted low selfesteeem behavior。 so far up to this point。Okay。

 because you've been under the impression that that's what the relationship is supposed to look like。

 right， Like the guy earlier in the example， like， I thought this is what love looks like。

 But now I know better， right， it's not what it's supposed to look like， dude。

 it can be far more beautiful than that。 There's a。

 like a truly amazing relationship is literally 95% beautiful。

 The occasional 5% of like miscommunication。 How giving you a little bit of shit。

 but it's 95% of epicness waking up being blessed being inspired by the girls。

 She might lie next to you。 And you're just like， love， man， this is so epic。

 That is what a great relationship is supposed to look like。 You should get there now。😊。

If you saying， well， should should I break up with her now， or should I put in the work to fix it。

 It's， it's tough， You know， like， you got to be honest here with yourself about what you're choosing to do with your current girlfriend。

 This is merely a selfasses。 It helps you selfasse yourself。 And it can only be done by yourself and。

You gotta be brave。It's， it's that simple。 you gotta be brave。 There's no way around it。

 It can only be done by yourself。 We will be talking in greater detail about this stuff in the program。

 So it's not a decision that you got to make right now。 and have it in your head。 again。

 if you've discovered your girl is highly self， highly low self esteem。 Now， remember。

 this is the last concept， I'm gonna to wrap up with here， we're done in 30 seconds。 Okay。

 remember abundance。😊，If at any point， you think I read the work on it with the girl right now for the rest of my fucking life。

 because I'll never find a girl this unique。 never find a girl that is so amazing。

 so beautiful that you're not coming from abundance， in fact。😡。

You're doomed to fail due to your own needy behavior。

So this way is about to come to an end we've talked a lot about。What not to look for。

 What to look for， What are the characteristics。 we're at a point right now where we're slowly transitioning from。

You， you， you， you， me， me， me， right， to what is it that I'm searching for in the girl。

 This program is very deep， and。I honestly think it requires a lot of thinking in your part after each and every video。

 Don't just no video， looks to you like really soak that shit in and try to understand the concept and then apply it in real life。

All right， man， see you in the next video after you've thought about it， G G。

