# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：18.她不是你最好的朋友（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Alright， she is not your best friend。 It's again， another wonderful example， you know。

 of the mainstream narrative messing around with our perceived reality。 It's really like like。

 like the perfect relationships。 men and the women together， flying through the fairy tale world。

 the perfect team， just be yourself， you know， Jesus， I mean， just give me a fucking break。😊，Yes。

 a great， a great relationship can be immensely supportive。

 immensely uplifting full of support and love for each other。 totally， I mean。

 that's crazy what we're working on to get here with girlfriend game， right， But in reality。

 it's not that simple man， I mean， this is the real world Mother the fuckcker Okay now we've talked about was you not being her psychotherapist but neither is she that for you。

 Okay just like you're not her psychotherapist。 she is not your best friend。 you see。

 that's the equivalent story。 She's not your best friend Omi， Many guys。

 they take this whole idea of like a supportive， you know， team relationship way too far。

 They take away too far that I my girlfriend's got know all my insecurities look gonna to cry like a little pitch about shit and just you know。

 just really just let it all out because she's got to support me anyway， you know。

 all it actually does is it drags her down。😊，All that actually is communicating and when you're whiny little bitch about things is it's communicating your inability to man up。

It's the essence， the essence basically is this guy is not a good fit for me and my genes。

I'm losing attraction because all he does is crying about his bitsha little problem and again。

If you want to know how to tell her about your problems or your worries， it's all about the balance。

 It is totally cool to do it， but you got to do it the right way。 right， For example。

 the mainstream narrative saying like real man have no problem crying。1undd% correct。1% correct。

 done if， if it's， if it's an appropriate amount。 And at the right time。

 it can be very almost like sexy because， wow， this guy has no problem crying。

 I cry sometimes and that's cool， You know， but nobody likes a cry baby。 You know。

 nobody likes a guy who was continuously crying and a victim roll victim and tally and all that shit。

 You know， she will need you Amanda。 fuck up。You know， being open about things that worry you。

 you know， your financial situation， your career， whatever， 100% good idea。

 100% good idea if it's done because you want her to know the truth as opposed to you want to cry about like a little bitch。

 understand。Absolutely horrible， absolutely horrible is it if you're just dumping all your problems on her。

 you know， or even need her to fix it， you should never need her to fix anything。

 you should never need her to just open her mouth and take all the bullshit that you're giving her。

 That should never be the dynamic。 just like it should never be the dynamic for you to be your psychotherapist。

 you got friends， you got family， you got business partners， you know， oh。

 if if you don't have friends that go ahead and fuck and get some forbe's all the way through back to the end。

 brother， all the way back to the beginning not the end back to the beginning。 Okay。

 it's not her fucking job。 It's your friends， family， psychotherapist。

 coworker-s business partners's job。 Okay， so let us actually talk about it， doing it the right way。

 how to open yourself up and showing vulnerability properly。

 And the most powerful way to open yourself up。 land her feel your vulnerability is to make her deserve it。

 understand， is the basic difference between。Doing it the right way， you know。

 being more open as a reward for her being a kickas girlfriend。And doing it the wrong way。

 keeping it away because it will make your insecurity a little more bearable for you LOL or the showed move that would be。

 And also on top of that， find a way yourself， find a solution yourself okay and tell her that you're on it。

 So again， the right way to do it is number one。Tell her when she deserves it。

 Don't tell her just to dump your pusseas problems on her。 And number two。

 find a way yourself and tell her that you're on it。 Okay。

 best example of these two points is the falling。So made made up example。

 but it brings the point across very well。 You know， you's just spend an epic night together。

 you know， full of fun， laughter， good sex。 You know。

 she cuddles next to you at the end of the night。 She whispers into your ear， and she says。

 you're awesome。😊，And you yourself， you yourself choosing to open up because she deserves it because you want her to know the truth。

 you can say shit like thanks， but you know what， I'm just a dude and sometimes I still have insecurities。

 you know， I feel insecurities you know that are trying to drag me down。

 I haven't always been a cool dude come from a total loser lifestyle never have a lot of friends or even any successful girls。

 I mean， I would never get a girl like you you know， teeth down。

 I'm still that showed I like video games I'm shy when to see a hot girls like you or all this stuff and you know。

 it' it's hard sometimes I feel like I can't do it myself。What did I do here。

 What I did here is I open myself up because she deserves it， you know。

 after a cool night out after she gave me good sex， after her complimentliating me， etc cetera。

 et ceter。 And I'm also opening myself up because I feel like it because I feel like I want to share this with her。

 not because she demanded it a low self-esteem girl it would test and say opening itself up a shit like that。

 And also not because I feel lost and I want to dump my shit on her。

 It's because she deserves it because I want it。 And then what I do now is I would keep going with shit like。

 and the more I think about me still being a showed。 The more I like it。

 It keeps things in perspective， you know， and it allows me。😊。

To go out there and just have an epic fucking time with good people， epic business， nice adventures。

 andhawkwe like you。That is basically telling her that I'm on it， telling her that I'm fixing it。

 that I know the solution。Makes sense。 Another example is this is a more lighter that that was that was just a lighter example。

 If it's a really hard issue。 for example， you're running a business and your business is about to be fucked。

 you know， you know like you're gonna lose millions of dollars You gonna have problems hiring people。

 this guy quit that guy whatever the fuck it is and it really bothers you like it's hard。

 It's tough and youre drag down and you're in a shit mood all week and your girlfriend is like what's what's up and you need to open yourself up to because it will make you feel better。

 Now the wrong way to do it is like baby baby I don't know what to do。

 everything's falling apart and youre gonna help me and I don't know what to do're gonna be so fuck's just full panic mode baby。

 It just not gonna work。 I would just need to cry cry That's the wrong way to say it。

 the right way to say it is like baby， and a lot of trouble with my business right now I don't want to bother with the details。

 butm losing a couple million dollars。 tons of guys want to quit。

 I'm getting sued like whatever the fuck it is all these things are happening。

 It kind of makes me feel like everything。Is falling apart right now and I'm slightly panicking。

 but I'm on it。 I found a solution。 it's just or I'm on it。 I will find a solution。

 and this is just a temporary thing。 I know things like feel like they're falling apart but I'm on it I fucking got this I like the challenge I'm actually working on it。

 I just want to let you know because I feel a little down。

 I'm a little sat right now and that is why I can't give you my everything right now。 In fact。

 I'm gonna go back to the hustle right now and I'll talk to you soon Okay done you see here you telling her what's up because you feel like you want to share shit with her right because she's part of your life。

 but at the same time you don't leave any responsibility onto her and you're honest done feels good。

Boom， you're not dumping your shit in her， you're on it。

 you got this and you're sharing her with her because she deserves it and because you want her to know。

 that's it。So to summarize， summarizes hope whole the whole thing， be open to her。

 but do it in the right way。 if you need advice， ask your mom， your best friend， some， you know。

 fucking dude， you know， from the Internet， It's not her job to be a shoulder for your inability to cry on。

 She's there。 So you can either let go a bit and， you know。

 get some rest as a fierce warrior conquering the world， but she's not there to be your fucking mom。

😡，If if that makes sense， let see you in the next video。

