# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：5.变得值得爱（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Alright， becoming love worthy。 How cool is that， right， We're walking from the show to the player。

 becoming a little more deep to now loveworth。 So after watching this video。

 you'll be able to see the path in front of you。 You need to go down to transcend from the player over the becoming deeper to the full on epic keeper high value guys。

 So I hope youre excited。 I'm， I'm certainly am fucking excited。 So let's go。

 The first important thing is you're almost there。 how crazy is that。

 You almost somewhere where 99% of guys will never get。😊，Ain't that crazy。

99 per cent of guys will be stuck forever。 And the nube paradigm。

 Some of them will occasionally see the player。 I have had friends that have seen the player for like a month。

 like a summer。 and then just shout back in the noob straight back in the noops。 I really like。😊。

It is truly probably even less than1% of the male world population that truly experiences being the boyfriend in the right way。

It's really， really exciting shit。 So this usually the being the boyfriend becoming loveworthy This usually truly sets in after years in the game。

 And I don't want to discourage you here because the game is beautiful。 You are on this journey。

 I'm here to fucking support you through this journey。 So you're all good， right。

 So it truly sets in after a couple of years after you've seen a lot after you've been through a lot after you've been with a lot of women。

 then it really truly sets in。 you can totally bad the way。

 have a girlfriend before you've reached this level。 In fact。

 I would almost say you should have a girlfriend because you'll need the experience to get to that level。

 It's that simple。 you can't like don't save yourself up for the perfect girlfriend。

 I did say earlier， the longer you wait before you get in relationship with a girl the better。

 but obviously you still need to fail。 Like like feel free to not even wait long and get in relationship with a fucking girl and see how it ends up。

 This program is a guidance It a Bible to guide you through the process。😊，Of failing。

 but at least you fail forward， not fail backwards， right。 So again。

 like while it might seem that I'm advocating like， don't get in relationship， leisure is perfect。

 F a dude， get relationship with the ho with the wrong fucking kind of girl。 Be vigilant。

 Don't have a fuck up your life to see the tendencies and learn alongside as with this program。

 Now becoming loveworthy consists of three main premises。 One， developing higher standards。

 We'll talk about this。 developing number two， a more sober view on relationships and romance。

 And number three， realizing it's not a means to an end。 but a lifelong journey。

 All these points are kind of touched on earlier before， but we're go in great depth here。 Now。

 let's talk about developing higher standards。 and that's interesting because it's more like developing truer standards because you've probably proven to yourself that you like different kinds of girls that you initially thought。

 at least that is where you should be at this stage right now。You've kind of noticed like， okay。

I did originally think I like these girls， but now I kind of always go for those kind of girls。

 And I like them a lot better。 It was the same for me。

 Like I would always think I like the outgoing social girls， right。

 But then I would always fall for the shy girls。 You've heard me mentioning the story earlier。

 And what also happens， It's a lot about the general taste that you kind of had。

 Like at this level right now， you should be able to transcend the general taste and develop your own taste。

 right， I would always think I need to like the big titt club girls with the you know。

 the big tit is important and long blonde hair and， you know。

 fucking big booty and all that shit because that's like just like the the general taste， right。

 But it was kind of crazy。 And I would pull these girls。 And I'd be like。

 just doesn't even turn me on that much。 Like everybody said this chick was so hot。😊，Is she。

 I don't know， man， I just， I don't know。 And then I would put， I would。

 I would pull other kind of chicks like the， the maybe a little less obvious looking hot girls with a petite little body with and then would just spoil them。

 And they would have like this flat belly and a nice， small little peachy ass。 And I'm like。

B like these were the girls that would drive me crazy now it's like this would turn me on so much。

And then I'd have an array of fuck buddies like the big tited club girl here and and the short。

 petite small but super lean girl there。 And everybody would say like，ll bring the big tu home。

 And she's so hot。 And I'm like， man fuck her man。 I want this one is my favorite one， you know。

 So it was really like it was really time for me to admit my standards and be fucking cool with it。

 And it's time for you to do that as well。 that is what I mean by developing truer standards。

 It's time for you to fully admit your standards。 And going with them。 Okay， because the truth is。

 you'll never be happy with a girl that doesn't fulfill your standards。

 But instead your friends standards or society standards。 really dude fuck。 And honestly。

 you heard me saying that a lot before。 I'm learning a lot from my own students。

 And I'll never forget this one guy in Berlin。 we want a boot camp。

 And I'm like the fuck pull fuck back at the club and pull the hotest chick。

 And this guy just like walks up to the。😊，です。Ultra fatdy， like a legit， obese woman。

 And he keeps chatting with her。 And in my head， I'm like， fucking vaggged。

 He's going for the easy target。 I told him to pull a hot chi。 And I'm like， dude。

 the fuck are you doing。 And he's like， I'm pulling the hot chi。 Yeah， and I'm like。😡。

You like this one。 like trying to not sound judgmental。 And he's like， yeah， man。

 the big booty girls。 And I'm like， yo， more power to you， man。 Here's how you pull her。

 And she was dude。 She was a tank。 She was this fucking。And she was happy to fuck the guy。 obviously。

 she was like， yeah， dude as long as he's happy。 Y。

 he truly transcended what society dictates he should like。 and he goes for the ho that he likes。

 So how epic is that， Now， also， and this is is really freak key。

 So this also means not only developing truer standards to what you like but also developing higher standards for your time。

 We'll talk more about that in the testing her chapter。 but this is very key for anyone in your life。

 not just talk girlss。 Also friends， family members， etc ceter。

 You need to start valuing your time highly enough。 Okay。

 You need to be able to cut out negative people。 And also to cut out girls that might bring the looks。

 right， They might bring the social status， They might bring like your friends pattern shoulders。

 but otherwise， they feel like you're dragging they are dragging you down。

 you got to cut those out as well。 your time as an alpha male as someone who's transcended the player。

😊，Who's transcended the newpe before that， who's then transcended to becoming deep。

 you need to be at a stage in your life where your time is the most valuable asset。

And it truly is like that。 I have a girl literally here on my phone。

 Ho little 20 year old with a hot ass F face and。She's like even on the first date。

 I pulled her up here， and。I'm like， she's just so not what I'm looking for。

 She's hot and everything， but she's just like getting drunk。 She literally at the date。

 she dranks three cocktails。 And I'm like stop drinking。 please， she's like， no， it's party。

 and I brought her up to just fuck her because in my head。 I'm like， it's still enough for one day。

 I would have one day to fuck her。 And then she's like， where's the drinks。 Like's get drunk。

 And I'm like， just like she's like， makes me drink。 And I open the the fridge。

 and we have all these drinks there from the party。 And I'm like well。

 she's probably gonna go for wine。 And she's just like going for Jack Daniel。 She's like。

 make me a drink with this。 like pouring like this much Jack Daniels and then this much Coca- Colla。

 just to not have her get drunk her。 And she's like， I want to dance。 she starts like dancing there。

 And I'm like， again， she's hot。 And she was on her period。

 she end up being on her period she did give me a really good blow job。 But now she's texting。

 And I'm like， again for me。 I'm like， I'm willing to fuck her。 if she comes here。 But nothing else。

 She's like， no， let's go for dinner。 Let's go bowling like she wants me to。

Get like some legit fucking date。 And I'm like， girl， dude。

 You's not cool enough for me to invest more。 You're not there。 I'm sorry， you're dragging me down。

 I would fuck you because you're hot， but have not spend more time。 And on the other hand。

 I have a girl that I really like that is actually interesting to talk to。 we have great。

 deep conversations。And she's like， I feel like I don't know you well enough。

 I don't know if we should have sex already。 She， she's a virgin。 And blah， blah， blah。

 can we just meet and do something standard and not meet at your place。

 because the first two days we always made at my place directly。 And I'm like。Sure， you know， fuck。

 let's do it。 We went to them all together。 done because again。

 I've developed higher standards for my time at this point。 Not if you're a new， if you're a newop。

 get those fucking reference experiences and don't， don't misunderstand me here。

 But if you're at a level of the boyfriend， you need to start developing higher standards for your time。

 Make sense， good。 Now， talk about the next point。 developing a more sober view on relationships and romance。

 I talked about this before and before chapter with bros or not。 So let me just。

 let me just scratch the surface here one more time to hammer it really home。😡。

Relationships and romance， all this shit is not a fairy tale， okay？

It does not mean it's meant to be lasting forever。Here's something else to piss you off。

 Your girlfriend does not love you， no matter what。she might say that。 but the same true brother。

 this is the fucking reality。 She will love you no matter what， as long as you deserve it。

Makes sense， W the fuck up， Sorry to break it to you。 She will love you no matter what。

 as long as you deserve it。And I don't care what you're going to say， but imagine your beautiful。

 blonde， hot fit girlfriend。Gettting fatter and fatter by the day。

 And she ends up being this like 350 monster with ugly skin， a short lesbian haircut。

 She smells like a dog。 Would you still love her。I don't care what you're gonna say。 Yes， I would。

 It's true love。 No， you wouldn't shuthut the fuck up。' maybe for99%。 You wouldn't。

 There's like maybe000 or 1% of you watching。 They're like， I would。 But the rest of you wouldn't。

 It's the same with your girlfriend。 As long as you deserve it。

 as long as you're on top of your game， your life， your shit。

 as long as you pass her shit test you Sp her notions。 she will love you unconditionally。

 But once that stops， you're fucking gone。 Every guy who's been through a bad divorce is fucking applauding at this point because you know what I'm saying。

 She said she love you forever， you kind of bailed out， you kind of fucked up。

 And now she doesn't and now see what where you're at。😡，Thanks for understanding。 And I hope。

 I hope I actually hope it does piss you off because if it at least pisses you off if it at least wakes you up in the process。

 then good。 Okay， there is no such thing， by the way， as a soul mate， L， O， L， There isn't。

 There's tons of soul mates out there。 There's tons of girls that have。90。

95% upwards compatibility with you。 There's multiple girls out there。 There's not just this one girl。

 It's， it's a fairy tale。 man， come on， dude， We're the 21st fucking century。 There's no unicorns。

 There's no Santa。 There's no fucking soulmate。 There's women with great compatibility with you。

 And there's tons of those。 Okay， done over the life of a life over the the span of a lifetime。

 There's a lot of girls out there there you're gonna be done， please， let's go to the next point。

 Remember， we've talked about all that shit in the inner game chapters already。

 And I said that we're merely a little bit scratching the surface here。

 but I hope you understand now。 Okay， now， let's get to the next point。😡，It's a life long journey。

 This is what you are right right now。 This girlfriend program is a lifelong journey。

 And I've mentioned that before as well。 The player is on his journey alone。I've been。

 I am a player right now。 I'm also in a relationship。 I am the boyfriend， right。

 but when you're in the player paradigm， you are on a journey。 Game is not a means to an end。

 Be getting a girlfriend is not a means to an end either。 And the player is on that journey alone。

 The boyfriend does not give up on that journey。Just in order to settle down or some shit。 Instead。

 he takes the girl with him that he chooses to be his girlfriend， right。

 and he brings her along on the ride with him to go full on coop mode。

 So you embark on the journey from noop to player。 You are on that journey alone as a player and then you still you know embarkking on the journey。

 see Hawk girl there's your girlfriend Hey join me boom， now you're going together。

 fucking co-op mode that bitch。 How epic is that。 but you should not settle down。

 You should now it's time for the nitro boost boost fast and a furious shit together with her Also most importantly。

 the boyfriend does not see the relationship as a means to an end。

 I mentioned that earlier 50 times already， right he also doesn't see it as a justification now that he doesn't have to improve his game anymore because he has arrived。

 All thats bullshit and it will make you literally lose every single girl out there Me before I promises bro。

The last time I'm having that， maybe not。Now， as you can see。Trap this up。I can come down here。

 as you can see， all these chapters up to this point have been dealing with you， you， you， why， Well。

 because that's where it starts。 Okay， you need to grow up to a level where even on the radar for the high quality women。

Does that make sense， The first chapters are all about you。

You're not even on the fucking radarer of a 9 or a 10 that has， that has great personality。 Okay。

 You attract who you are。 You ever heard about that。 You attract who you are。

 You attract what you deserve。 If nobody ever elevates you to a higher level of understanding。

 you will always end up with shit women。😡，Hararse truth。Now， these， these girls can be ugly。

 you know， because every other girl is out of your league。 These girls can also be super hot。

 but have a fucked up character if nobody ever helps you or you're not helping yourself to elevate up to yourself to start with you。

 you， you， you you， you're always gonna end up with the wrong hose。 And that's a very。

 very bad thing to being in。 Okay， now， wrapping this up next， next chapter。 next whole chapter。

 iss actually dealing with finding those high quality women。Once you're at a higher level yourself。

 which is where you're hopefully going to be with these videos。

Now it's about to find that high quality woman， Chiji， I'm going to see you in that next chapter。

