# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：15.如何吸引她

Rightide another day， another video， another daa。 I got a haircut。

You've hadn't had a chance to understand for you splog a couple seconds or since you could take the last video but I got a hair cut of between and in this video we'll be talking about how to keep the girl attractive。

 So after watching this video you understand exactly the dynamics you got out here to to make a relationship long lasting attractive and sexy and epic okay now understand though basically all the videos under this video。

 all the videos in this entire chapter right we deal with this obviously but this is some sort of like an overview start out kind of video thatll just make you understand the overall dynamics。

 So let's get right to the point the first point is a relationship is never。😊，A means to an end。

You've heard me talking about that。 It's worth repeating。 It is never means to an end。 No。

 you're not supposed to get fat， lazy and a pata mail now。 No， you have not arrived。 No。

 you never have to be social again。 No， you don't you do have to be social。 Okay， no。

 your girlfriend does not love you unconditionally。 This is really fucking key。 I me， repeat that。

 your girlfriend does not love you unconditionally， brother。 This is the fucking real life。

 Can you need to understand that。😡，Your girlfriend is not even supposed to love you unconditionally。

 Okay， she's not supposed to。 And any sort of demanding from your side。 like， youre my girlfriend。

 You're supposed to love me。 It's just gonna push her further away， Kill your fucking attraction。

 What it also does is。😡，It pushsses you down。Okay， you'll get in a position where you're like。

 well I could don graduation for you parents she live me anyway， no she doesn't。

 she's supposed to love you as long as you treat her well and by that I mean as long as you treat her like an alpha male。

As long as you pass our fucking shit tests， as long as you keep her sexually attracted。

So let's talk about that point， sexual attractions， sexual attractions， sexual attraction。

I don't care what Hollywood has taught you， but there is no relationship without sexual attraction。

Okay， again， same example here。 You've heard me saying a lot of times already。

 Imagine your girlfriend wastes 300。 She smells bad。 She's ugly， yada， yada， yada。

 would you still be sexually attracted to her？ Probably not。 now， the beautiful thing is。

 though you don't need a six pack to have her sexual attracted you。

 You don't need to be Richard at any other guy out there。 All you need is the following point。

Sounds cliche， but never sees being an alpha。Never sees being an alpha， remember。She will always。

 always， always test you forever。And that's a good thing。 Think about it。 And like。

 it's amazing that she will always test you because now。😊，All you have to do is pass that shit test。

You know， essentially a good thing that your girl tests you all the time。

 I hope she does because now all you have to do is just lean back be alpha male and pass the shit test right if you have the natural。

 there's this wonderful beautiful concept， one of the most powerful concepts in game and getting to know women in general。

 it's called passive attraction。😊，Okay， passive attraction basically means you don't have to do actively anything all you have to do is let her do it and pass the tests。

 okay， understand， and that's really fucking key， which brings you to the next point， be in charge。

 she wants you to make the decisions。😡，You not her。 She doesn't want to。 It's not in female energy。

 buddy。 Okay， that starts with deciding your relationship。 That starts with it。

 Remember what we said in the transitioning chapter。

 Who decides whether or not the relationship is on or off。 you， you decide that。 Okay。

 take her by the hand。 Show her an awesome life。 Hey， let's watch this movie。 Hey， baby。

 let's go on vacation。 Let's do this。 Let's do that。 Always say， let's。Let's do this。 Let's do that。

 Don't do the choke extreme of like， do do you， do you want to， do maybe， maybe do you want to。

 don't fucking askcar at the same time， Don't be the other extreme， the P A extreme。

 the over the overcompensating thing。 He's like， hey。

 we're gonna do this because I'm the alpha out here right， that's overcompens。 So again， like， hey。

 let's do this。 Let's do that， which is also key because。😡，She has a legit， better point， like， hey。

 actually， this part is much better。 It has better reviews。 And they play the medal song it was like。

 if she has a legit， better idea， then you're like， cool。 and it's okay。

 then you don't need to hold a frame or any of that bullshit again。 Like， let's do this。

 let's do that。 But obviously if she has a legit， better idea。

 be open to changing your mind having it change just as much。😊，Now。

 the next point is is gigantic it's I cannot emphasize that enough， and youll probably fail doing so。

 but it's okay。 Never， ever show that you're jealous Again。

 what is the dynamic behind showing that you're jealous。

 Only people that conceive themselves as low value show jealousy。Right， now you could even be like。

 but I am actually high value。 I have like high status。 my girl is and a fucker world。

And so I can be jealous。 No， no， no， no， no， the fact that you're jealous makes her think you're low value because she's like。

 well， why is he jealous because he's insecure。I don't want to be with a beta male insecure guy。

 I don't care how much money he has， I don't care how cool that guy， I don't care if he Fox smell。

 if he has that insecurity， that's a turnoff for me。Understand so never show any fucking jealousy。

 That is why we've been gone through the four becomings and that is why in those videos。

 if you watch them again， I say it's taken you months。

 it can take weeks to fully go through the four becomings to a great degree。

 You're never gonna to be 100% going through the four becomings because it's a lifelong journey。

 but you have to go to them with a great degree because you need to be aware that yo。

 my value is X Yz and there's no need for me to be jealous and if there is a better guy than me。

 which there always is even for me then that's cool as well because I'll find a new girl and I know the concept of abundance and and I don't care how much I love my growing girlfriend。

 there's still another girl out there that's just at least as good as her。

 You guys need to understand that。 That is what it means to not be jealous to understand， hey。

 chances are extremely high that my girlfriend is not going to be attractive to someone else。

Be sure to a degree， but not hotter than me。 very high chance that this is never gonna happen。

 This is not gonna happen， not never not gonna happen。 And if it does。

 I still have my own four becoming that I've gone through。

 I still have my skills because I'm keeping them sharp。

 which is something we'll talk about in this chapter as well later on and I can always get a new one It sounds harsh it sounds not loveby dubby。

 it sounds very realistic but that is the fucking truth。

 that is why you bought this program that is why you bought this program and not some fucking Bfeed article you understand the Bfeed article will say she'll love you forever butterflies。

 this shit tells you the truth so yeah jealousy jealousy is by far the most common test for women I have to say like and it's quite hilarious to see it too because it becomes really obvious when she's trying to ba you with a jealousy shit test once you're like able to see 90% of the jealousy shit test they're like laughably obvious and they're quite harmless。

Coming from a high selfeststeem girl， the high selfeststeem girls will will still use that she will definitely keep testing you with that as well。

 but they're quite harmless these kind of jealousy tests from her low selfeststeem girls will have huge jealousy tests they would even like。

I've heard of Losvacica literally loving the guy so much that she would fuck another guy just to make him jealous。

Fucked up， but again yo， if you're in a relationship with a low selfeststemed girl。

 then it's basically your fault anyway， you shouldn't do that。

 especially by now after going through the how to find the proper girlfriend chapter。

 you should not get into that position anyway so。High self-estseem girls will test you。

 Their shit test will be more harmless but they will still test you and highestem girls will still leave you if you don't pass any jealousy test。

 That is really， really key。 obviously I said that before already。

 you can't ever see all of the jealousy tests。 They gonna be quite subtle women are geniuses that theirre masters of this kind of art。

 you can't see all them coming but you can see 80，9095% them coming。

 I remember even even the mass stage I was on vacation with my girlfriend on Tenerif and we were working out in a gym there and you know was like totally lovely deby vacation being her all the time beautiful and there was this guy who was working out there and he did like some like fucking calisthenic shit know I was like hanging up down the thing and just doing the a workout without a shirt。

 This guy was shredd at his fuck got my respect and my girlfriend is like the guy is doing really cool things。

Lucki exercise that baby and in my head I'm like I used to do that。 I used to do calisthenic。

why I used to do that too it was pretty cool shit test failed and you see how subtle that was she's just like he that cool exercise it。

 he has a thick pack and I'm like， well I used to do that too it was just for me like this exchange of information but I'm like。

 a god damn it。