# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：6.处理吵架事件（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

All right， dealing with fights by that， I don't mean the。You know。

 the fights on the street with the guy， but I'm actually the thing with the relationship。

 this is a relationship program。Wasn't so funny after all。 was my second take。 even I was even worse。

 But anyways， yeah， let's talk about dealing with fights。 because first and foremost。

 I want to say fights are completely natural and to a degree necessary depending on your story and her story。

 Okay， depending on your story， your relationship will be more or less reliant on it。 Now。

 these kind of fights， they can they have wide range variety。 Okay。

 it can from a well behaveved civilized discussion about an issue that the two of you are having to complete nightmaremarishmahan。

 If it's nightmarish mayhan that you get into a lot of times。 then to sign。

 Your girls low selfesttem。 You shouldn't be to relationship with her in the first place。 Yada。

 yada yada， you've already be talking about this millions of times。😊。

don't get ready with those have steam girl go through the forbe。

 don't be those haveest steamem yourself。 And the reason why I'm saying there so many fucking times like 80% of the time in this fucking program is because this is so key and you shall never misunderstand the importance of that Okay。

 yes， it's in the first couple of chapters and then you're like whoa kind of watch through it now let's go to the other shit how to get free son now it's in the first couple of chapters because it's so important And。

80% of the people that are coming to watch these videos that are a little later now have actually not truly gone through the four becoming and have actually settled for a low self-esteem girl。

 but yet they can't fully realize it or they can't fully admit it to themselves。

 so please do yourself that favor and。Go through four becomes first and don't get relationship with a low selfte goal。

 little rant and okay， so depending on how high self-esteem your girlfriend is and how well you can handle any fight。

 you know， how well you can steer the relationship through the storm of a fight。

 depending on that the better those conflicts， those Chquote fights are actually for relationship itself and actually like the analogy of the ship because imagine it's relationship and you're the captain of it。

 Okay， and a good captain will get in the storms in general， you know。

 because he can read the signs of the sea and like that But he can never fully avoid them。

 if a good captain finds himself in a storm that he maneuvers the ship through it very。

 very successfully right， and that's exactly。😊，The same with fights， you're the captain。

 you read the signs， you avoid them， and by avoiding them， I don't mean you run away from conflict。

 but you're fixing the conflict。Before it even arises， you understand。 And if there's conflict。

 you're able to maneuver through it very， very successfully。

 So let's actually look what you can do to steer that quote unquote， ship very successfully。

 Number one， this is very important to choose time and place。It's totally cool if you know。

 a legit issue comes up and it needs to be discussed that's normal and healthy。 know。

 matter no matter your stories， everybody will have conflict in relation when two people come together。

 there's always conflict to a degree but but girls usually bring up issues when they feel the emotion you know so the motion is there。

 bring the issue up， let's go you know they don't really tend to think， well。

 is it a good time to talk about this right now， Should we talk about this am I in a position where I'm able to have to have a sober stance on this or am I a little ride up to my emotions。

 girls really don't tend to do that because again， the primary drive is emotion So they just tend to bring it up know。

 for example， before bed when both of you are tired both of you want to go to bed and now she's like well there's this problem you should discuss right So what are you doing now in bed instead of like okay let's discuss it you're like yeah you know whatever fuck it and you just kind like you know you know pull it under the rug whatever。

The fuck it's called because you don't want to discuss it because you're tired or before an important day for you when you're like about to give a speech。

 you know， before a big a big discussion your job or whatever if that's what the girl brings it up right and it catches you off guard And when it catches you off guard you're not able to react properly So it's your responsibility Okay it's your responsibility to pick those locations and times and not get tempted to just give into your emotions Okay so she will give into to her emotions she will want to discuss。

 It's very tempting to discuss it back now but you need to have that will part of say you know what babe。

I hear you。I understand that whatever she says， like I understand that it is important for you that we keep the living room clean。

 you know？And we will talk about this as soon as I get back or whatever。

 or we will talk about this first thing in the morning tomorrow。 Okay， so again， babe， I hear you。

 I understand that。 repeat her right and don't say but say and we will discuss this And that's really。

 really good because now it doesn't catch you off guard。 number one， number two。

 it allows you all it allows the situation to cool off right， to get the emotions back out。

 the more time you give it， the more less emotionally evolved will everybody be And also third point。

 what you heard here is as a concept that that you're probably familiar with if you've read the seven habits of highly effective people by Stephen R Covey。

 we'll talk about this in a second。 It's called seek first to understand then to be understood。

 Okay what I'm saying here when I say babe， I hear you。

 I understand that and I repeat what she basically brought up。 I basically communicate like okay。

 I feel you， I understood you and。😊，My suggestion okay。

 so make her feel like you're not just postponing the discussion you know。

 because that way she would think like， okay he's just postponing the discussion so he just wants to avoid the conflict in the first place but actually make understand that you're listen you're listening to her okay and again I say I hear you and I know it's important for you that and we will discuss it later and well make it a lot more positive if you say but it basically means like and I don't care。

But if you say and， it basically says， okay， it's still important for me and we will discuss it tomorrow。

Yeah， next point is be responsive， but not reactive。 Sounds very similar。

 but it's completely two different things。 Okay， how much you react emotionally to issues。

 Your woman brings up is a great indicator of how quote unquote alpha you are。 You know。

 how confident you are how well he can lead her， you know， both in life and also emotionally。

 So that is being reactive。 Reactive is a guy who's like， emotionally getting back。

 So she's all like angry。 So you get angry， right， that is being reactive。 However。

 an alpha male is responsive。 He doesn't react back with emotions that are thrown at him， but he。

 He's not ignoring either。 he's responding， but he's not involved in it emotionally。

 that is what what it means to be responsive。 So be responsive， not reactive。

 So your woman she wants you to keep cool。 Okay， when the ship hits a fucking storm。

 she wants to hold the ship's wheel tight。 know with a。grinin on your face。

 everyone around you is going to freak the fuck out and panic， but you know what to do。

 you're steering that goddamn relationship， you always know what to do。

 even if you don't they understand that is what your woman wants you to do so by being reactive instead of responsive by reacting back and panicking just like anybody else。

 just like her， where is the power。Every time you allow someone else to spike your emotions。

 you're giving away your power。He given it away to them。Even if it's your girlfriend， it's great。

 you know， like more part of your girlfriend， of course。

 but don't give it the power over your emotions。 You should never have that in general， okay。

 obviously。😊，Let her make you laugh， let her make you be excited and all that I understand。

 but don't let her take you down， This is very， very unattractive and it's the worst thing in general when it comes to conflict and discussion。

 okay。So now that you know， you're not supposed to be reacting with your own emotions， you know。

 because those emotions impede your ability to discuss things and have an handle on your shit。

 this is how you got to respond。Always look at the underlying problem。And again。

 the concept we'll put the book in here， Stephen R。 Covey。

 highly seven habits of highly effective people， the concept of seek first to understand。

 then to be understood， that is the key here when it comes to always look at the underlying problem。

 So by that I mean。Girls were gonna to say a lot of shit。

 and they're gonna to say a lot of surface level problems。

 but you must never jump on that surface level problem because we talked about this before in the shit test。

 right。 Remember that the big problem in fights is that men and women communicate fundamentally differently。

 Okay， you communicate with logic。 So when she says a， she means a and a needs to be fixed。

 That's what we think。In reality， her， she， she says a and。I don't。 I' fucking know what。

 I don't know what she means。 right no， just kidding。She says a， okay。

 but it's actually her emotions that are。Pointing towards something else。 So she says a。

 but a is merely like the straw that broke the camel's back。 You know， she also means B， C， D， E。

 and F that have been leading up to A。Understand， so you gotta look not at the A。

 but look at the B D E F that's underlying to。Confuse you with metaphors， But you understand， right。

 She says a， emotions are in there。 those emotions make her think that it's about A。

 you because youre logical， what she said to A。 So A is going to be fixed。

 but it's actually B D E F that have been accumulating up to A。 The good news is， though。😊，BC， D。

 E and F， they usually come all down， they all come down to the same fucking thing。

You gotta get to know what that thing is okay Use your knowledge that you've gathered here in this program The answer then is usually in the very broad sense that you failed to communicate properly at some point。

 you know you either failed to shit test， you know。

 you either failed doing the right thing at the right point you know with a true alpha boyfriend through alpha male boyfriend would have done you failed doing that and thus BC D EF have accumulate and now the problem is here in form of A so you need to be aware here。

You need to say， okay。Understand this problem A， but what is underneath？

What's the underlying problem here Okay now all this。

 everything we've just been talking about here is a wonderful description of a concept commonly referred to as holding the frame。

 I'm sure you've heard about that。😊，And to really summarize how to act， how。

 how to st relationship through a fight is when I say， hold the frame。It's not about being stubborn。

 you know， and overcompensating like never having her have a word。

 It's not about saying pitch is nothing to say here y， I don't give a fuck。

 It's about maintaining your cool not being phase by her emotions and not being faced by your own emotions All right。

 it's maintaining control plus hearing your girl out。

 and then not overly analytically trying to fix the surface problem。

 but actually again hearing your girl out and understanding what the underlying issue is。And that is。

How fights， no matter how civilized or slightly wilder。

 turn into something quite beneficial for your relationship。

