# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：10.她在和其他男人调情！（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Oh no， she's flirting with other men。ああ。What do I do her to her to hurt to now。

 I'm sorry for I was like making fun of this kind of shit。 I have to say here。

 the lines blur around this topic。 It's， it's， what you gotta realize is the following things for many girls。

 it's not even seen as flirting。 It's just being nice to a stranger。 And it's in your head。

 We'll talk more about this in a second。 Also， for many girls， just being talked to is exciting。

 They just like it。 They would never even think。😊，Oh， I would cheat on you now， because。

For never just say， it's exciting when some other guy shows interest in me。

 her De same you'd be excited if some girl would show interest in you。

 even though you have a girlfriend， right， For many girls， they use it also as a shit test。

 and that's normal。 Now， about that shit test thing， though， however。

 if you feel like it's happening very， very， very rocking regularly。 like on a daily basis。

 that your woman。😊，Overly flirt is overly flirtations with other mans in front of you。

 Then it's just another fucking red flag that she's low selfestteem that he didn't commit to the right girl。

 In fact， you commit to the very wrong girl。😡，Fucking run。 get the fuck out here。 you understand。

 But every now and then， a high selfestseem girl will also flirt with another man that is totally okay。

 That totally happens。 And it's here just again， just a basic shit test。 Don't be phased by it。

 Let her do it and have a good time。 Okay， and like I said， lots of it is in your head。For her。

 it's just like， you know， I was just being nice。 He was asking for fucking directions。 I'm sorry。

 and you could be like， he's lying。 He wants to fuck you。

 I know that cause that's how we think she wants to fuck you。 Now， here's the thing， dude。

 She knows that shit very well， bro。 She knows that the guy wants to fuck her。 But her reaction。

 Her reaction makes her pussy fucking dry up from your beta male fucking behavior。 Okay。

 let her do it。😡，Be cool with it。 Don't fucking shit talk her。 Don't shame her。 Don't claim her。

 you know， by putting her showdas fucking arm around her。 That's the showestt move ever。

 Some dude talks turn。 you're like。😡，Hey。Like， oh my God。 It's the showiest shit ever， man。

 Oh my God。 have you ever looked like， look， I always， honestly。First of all。

 if anything see it as a fucking compliment。 like dude， awesome， my girlfriend's getting hit on。

 She's hot。 You know， I'm fucking。 Yeah， but the the best way to always react with this kind of shit is I look at the cliche of the 6 ft。

9 Serbian boyfriend there's a lot of these 6 ft，9 ex militaryary Serbian boyfriends in Vienna。

 that's really funny。 There's a lot of Serbian people in Vienna。

 Lots of the hottest girls I've ever met are Serbian。 Actually。

 I just met a Serbian checkze here in Ukraine。 that was exceptionally hot because she's half Serbian。

 And they always have this like hardcore ex military，6 ft，9 Serbian boyfriend。 Now， you know。

 when I started with this whole pickup thing。😊，I would， of course， you know。

 like see what's possible。 So I would always hit on every girl。

 no matter if they were there with their parents， their mom or like walking down the street or if they were there with a boyfriend in the club。

 And it's funny because every time I would approach like a regular boyfriend。

 The regular beta male boyfriend would always be likey， you know。

 like put his arm demonstrly around her or like try to like a me out。

 try to tell me to fuck offensive shit like that。 And I would always be， in fact， I would always be。

 I would always be flatter because I like cool， these guys all see me as competition。

 That's kind of great， you know， and it's diminishing his value for his girlfriend， right。

 she's seized his beta male behavior。 But the kind of boyfriend that would never be phased by me would always be the six foott9 hardcore Serbian boyfriend literally。

 those were the nicest guys I've met I would I would like shamelessly here on their fucking girlfriend。

 And they would literally like they would stand right next to it with their drink in their hand。

 And like like like slightly interested。Watch like。Cool。 all right， puts out cigarette， smokes a bit。

And that would get blown out anyway。 And he， he was never fucking Faman。

 These guys didn't even bother like worrying in the slightest sense about me for them， they're like。

 brah。Like， cool。 I mean， I'm， yeah， hit of my girlfriend。 She's hot。 That's great。 But yo。😊。

I'm cool with that， dude。 I'm， there's no way you can do anything。 I'm the shit。 So again， like。

Not being fd by it。 It's the best thing to learn from the6 foot 9 Serbian ex military boyfriends now。

😊，I want to give you an example here of how。Beta male behavior can be with this kind of shit when women are fliring with another man。

 I had a student of mine， an ex student of mine。 He was doing pretty well。

 and then he got in a relationship with an Instagram model。

 he got the Instagram model The girlfriend， probably because， you know。

 of the boot camp and he was doing well。 And then he just completely lost it。

 And here's a couple of things that he said to me that are completely wrong that show how beta male and unattractive this behavior is。

 N one， he said， Max， I scored an Instagram model as a girlfriend。 And that already says so much。

 He came from the wrong mindset of like， he scored one。 Like as if he was lucky to get her， right。

 and otherwise wouldn't deserve her。 Like， nobody scored shit。A real alpha man is like， yeah， man。

 I have this epic Instagram model check now。 You know， I got this。Not like， I scored her。

 Jesus fucking Christ。 Also， he would cry about it because， well， she's more popular than me。😡，Yeah。

 and you know what， You're low self esteem。 You're much more low self esteem than her。

 You should who gives a flying fuck how popular she is and how popular you are。 Again。

 what is your value representing to her。That is what is key， You know， And then she， he said。

 she has all these guys， You know， hitting her up on the D Ms。 Oh my God， how do I stop her。

 How do I stop these guys from hitting her up， How do I stop her reply？ How do I stop these guys。

 right？ Here's the fucking answer。 You don't。 You chill。

 You like the fact that it doesn't fucking bother。 You actually work in your favor favor。

 Like the fucking 6 foott，9 Ser boyfriend。😡，This is a concept that we call passive attraction。

 you've probably heard about it in the fucking Natural。

By her being hit up by all these fucking chs and by you not being phased by it。

 Wheres the communication to her， I will tell you what the communication is to her。

 She will instantly see all the fucking needy fucks that I G message her as low value。

 And she'll instantly see you as extremely high value because you're not phased by it。

 And that is how to react when she's flirting with other men。😡。

