# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：20.如何在恋爱中GAME（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Right， how to game in a relationship。 And first and foremost， if you've clicked on this video。

 if you're asking yourself the question， how to game a relationship， you're ready on the right path。

 Kudos， congratulations， you're doing the right kind of thinking。 I like it。

 because you're probably gonna be like。😊，You know， you like your girlfriend。

 you like the idea of settling down， but you're also completely aware of the importance of growth and progress and that is。

 why ask yourself this question So let's talk about the most common misconceptions that people have when it comes to gaming while being in a relationship because misconception number one is already quite face upon me and that is if you truly love her。

 if you truly satisfied with her， then you shouldn't game。In fact， if you truly love her。

 you truly satisfied with her， then you should。Because now you're not only gaming for yourself。

 you're also doing it for her。Why， let me elaborate in that。It keeps you sharp， right。

 game keeps you sharp， game keeps you alpha， game keeps you in a position of value， okay。

 and thus ensuring your girl's attraction。Keeping her attracted to you。Keeping her attracted to you。

Is actually doing her a favor honestly， think about it。

 look at a girl that has lost all attraction for her boyfriend， she's countryty face。

 she's underfucked， she's constantly annoying， she's lost， she's lost her feminine essence。Now。

 look at a girl that has still 10 out of 10 attraction for her guy。She's happy。 She's giggly。

 she's positive。 She even looks physically better。 Have you ever made a girl come multiple times a day and then just kind of take her out for some food or some you know event or whatever the fuck it is and have you looked at her essence at her energy how she was all just like she's literally like shining in her eyes。

 she has the bright shimmer in her eyes she's like because she's 10 out of 10 attracted and satisfied。

 So by you going out and doing game。 you're actually giving the girl just that satisfaction。

 So now it's actually your responsibility to do that for you and for her。

 you understand So it's talk about misconception number two。 you need to fuck other girls。

 like full on dick and pussy otherwise， it doesn't count。That's not true either。 I mean。

 you mean well， I understand。 I got to put the dick inside many other pussies。

 but it's far from true。 In fact， if you fully want to commit to a girl， you know。

 you want to be 100% exclusive。 I understand that。 That's 10%。 I respect that。 And honestly。

 going out， is still the way to go。 It's a great choice with 90% of the benefits that you're gonna get from actually fucking them。

 but 90% of going out and without fucking them is still very， very good。 You understand， So no。

 you don't need to put dick and pussy。 if you go out。

 learn to attract girls and wherever you set the boundaries of be not kissing， not touching。

 not having sex， it still massively beneficial because again， still keeps you sharp。

 still keeps you focused， It still keeps you alpha。 It still teaches you about social dynamics。

 it still gets you in a position of abundance。😡，So while you're not actually fucking all these girls。

 you could， you know， so at any time you could be like， okay， if shit goes down south。

 I could still just find another girl that is of similar value to the girlfriend I have So no you don't need to fuck other girls Not at all。

 if that is your choice to be exclusive with your girlfriend， go ahead and do that。😡。

Misconception number three。If she doesn't understand the going out lifestyle。

 then it's totally okay and you can accept that。No， it's not。She'll have to go。This is really。

 really fucking key， all this。Everything you stand for， everything you believe in is in essence。

 a test for her。If she can't accept what you are， the things you do。Then she's got to go anyway。

Just it doesn't even matter if that's game or something else。 You know， she doesn't like that。

 Your final fantasy nerd。Well， too bad for her， she got to go。

She doesn't like that you're a social person， you want to keep going out， you know。

 even though funny enough， she doesn't like that you're going out that you're social person。

 even though that's the very fucking thing that attracted her in the first place， Well。

 she doesn't like that too bad， she gotta go。😡，She got a fuck and go， I don't care how hot she is。

 I don't care how amazing she is， she got a fuck can go。

 you understand if she truly wants you to give in， if she gives an ultimatum。

 then she is in essence low self esteem and you're dodging a bullet anyway。

So if she can't accept that lifestyle， if she can't get over her insecure little ass to understand the value that is bringing to the relationship to both of you。

 then she's got a fucking go and youve got to go back to full on abundance mode and find yourself a high self-estee girlfriend。

Okay， now let's talk about how to be open。Basically， how to tell her that。

And the importance of being open。Honestly。You should be open about this literally from the very get go。

 from the very fucking get go。 So many guys are so ashamed that they need some advice in game。😡。

Really， they're like， oh my God， like I can never told that I've watched a single video of oury。

 you know， it's funny because we men from from a societal point of view。

 we're supposed to just be thrown into this world and know everything about each other。

 right We got to know everything about the other humans and how shit works。

 We should we shouldt even know everything about ourselves about what we want about women。

 We should just know everything。 We should be these perfect seduction machines。

 right You understand how much pressure that is。And then you're 18， 16， 17，20， you know， you puberty。

 you want to fuck girls， you have fucking confused。

 how the fuck do you know how to get late naturally you got all this misinformation out there。

 you got all the mainstream narrative feeding your bull she and you try it until now you're again remember what we said in the newby face frustrated and confused。

So there's so much shame involved when it comes to like having to go to a seminar， right。

 how many people in your friends group have you told that you've purchased this program？😡。

That you need help with finding a girlfriend friend。

How many of your friends are gonna judge you saying， oh， you need help with that， That's creepy。

 That's weird。 How many friends of that are of yours gonna say， well， you know。

 just be confident and bro， Just smile some water down bullshit that doesn't help anybody。

 And how many of those friends actually have an extremely high quality tenant on a tank girlfriend。

Probably not so manyia， yet everybody's judging， yet everybody's ashamed of it。 But you know。

 let me tell you the truth here。Girls really don't care。

They don't give a flying fuck how many seminars you had to go to。

 they don't give a flying fuck how many videos you had to watch。

Have you ever look have you ever watched infield footage of me or anybody else from RSD where we're coaching the guy right in front of the girl。

 have you ever seen this footage it's on YouTube you can watch it it's uncut in the natural you can watch it like the student is walking next to the girl and I'm walking next to around me like okay pull her take her hand now here's a cap and the girl like here's it she sees me walking next to them。

And people comment on that like， how does it work， How does the girl not know it， You know what。

 She does， She doesn't even fuck and give a fuck， It's not registered in her brain because all she cares about is that the fucking job of being a man and attracting a hoe is being done。

 That's all she cares about。😡，She finds a cool， she finds a cool girl in the nightclub that takes her home that has a good time that does it in a way that is it's relatable and it's fun and it spikes her emotions。

 Should has like some other weird， short Austrian Drping next to him like saying shit， like， yeah。

 whatever， man， if it makes the guy do the right thing， I'm gonna give a fuck。

I really don't give a fuck。That really is the essence of what girls think she's happy。

She's fucking happy。 So how to tell her that you're in the game or that you want to keep going out from the very fucking get go。

 own it， own it from the very beginning。 In fact， it creates even more attraction to the girl if you fully fucking honest。

😡，Oest， you fully fucking owning it。 and you're honest。 That's a kind of cool word。 You honestest。

 Oneest， bro， Now， here's the thing。 One of the most powerful attraction tools that I've been using to this fucking day。

 It's telling the girl that I've all haven't always been like that。

 And I kind of mentioned this before in one of the chapters already。😊。

I'm telling my girls at the fucking first date。 I'm like， listen， Jenny。

 I haven't always been like this。 Honestly， I was shy and secure。 I was a fat kid。

 I had no experience with girls。 How the fuck。 I would have never talk to girl like you， I mean。

 I'm nervous right now， You're just so out of my league。 I'm just fucking sitting here。

 but you know what， in 2010。 I decided it's， it's it's done。 I'm done with this。 I had no friends。

 I was depressed。 I wanted to get late。 I honestly wanted the fuck girls。

 I thought that was live the the key to happiness for me。 So I started going out。

 and I started reading books。 And how literally out to pick up girls。

 And I typed that shit in the YouTube。 I watched videos man， I went to seminars。

 I even had some guy train me。 And you know， honestly， if you think I'm an idiot now， I's okay。

 I dont understand， you can leave。 That's cool。But at the end of the day。

 I'm a happy person now and understood that it's about empowering myself and that I can be a nerd。

 I was so long I was ashamed of。If I'm going to date with a pretty girl and I mentioned that I like Lord of the Rings and Star Wars。

 she's going to run off and look at us now， we're nerding out together。

 how epic is that then honestly。If all it takes is to go to some seminar or watch a couple of videos in order to understand that as a guy that you can truly be yourself。

You don't need to be worried about what other people think of you then yeah。

Then I watched a fuck to of these videos and I did these courses。

 but at least now I can say that it's much better to just be yourself instead of using some prepreed pickup lines that the GQ magazine is trying to tell you。

Now use that。And let the girl fucking melt away。Watch her melt away， it's insane。

I hope that really makes sense， that's the shit I say all the time you got to be specific。

 you got to be honest from the very get go now let's talk about how to tell her the specifics。

 obviously。Similar to what youve just heard me saying here is make it relatable。Okay。

 don't say the following。 Well， I do this game thing because I wantna fuck a lot of horses， You know。

 just wanna get my leg hoed up， bitch。😡，Don't do it like this do it like I just did it earlier or you know。

 say shit like， oh I do this because I like being social and I like learning， you know。

 I learn I like learning how to be engaging and a funny person and how to be interesting and how to just fully be myself that's why I do it you understand。

Makes it much more relatable。 Okay， in fact， if it hadn't been for game。

 I would have never had the ball to talk to you。 You know， you're just really cool girl。

 and I would just be totally shy and would try to use some weird ass pickup line on you。

 But now I know that it's just all be about being myself。 right， And that's what game taught me。

 And that is also why I still want to go out。 That is also why I wanted to stay sharp and get to know new people。

 and。😊，Do networking， you know， and learn how to be funny and engaging。

 it's a good way to like go and just get out of my shell on a constant basis because I'm a natural introvert。

 And this shit keeps me social。 or because I'm a natural extrovert。

 and this shit keeps me happy Now if you're not gonna fuck other girls。

 and you give her that speech like this， make it relatable。

 It should be fairly easy for her to see the value in it like okay， okay yeah。

 the guys going out sharp， He's coming back， he's a cool dude totally understand it。 Yeah。

 more power to you go ahead fuck do it right She might even want to join you。

 which I'll be talking about in a second。 Now， if you're gonna fuck other girls and you want to be open about that。

 it obviously needs a lot more positive reframing and the girl definitely needs to be high self-esteem。

 You can' do shit with the little self-esteem girl。

 but we're talking more about this in an extra chapter。

 the open relationship other having sex with other girls chapter。

 you'll see all the information in there。 Now let's talk about like I just said， sharing with her。

 again， funny enough。guysy tend to not want the girl to be involved in the game they tend to not want the girl to go out with them because at the very root。

 they feel ashamed of it still， you know， they don't see game as this epic fun ride that it actually is。

 I mean， have you ever been going out and it was an epic night Come on。

 You've had so much fucking fun talking to all these people meeting you people like crushing your comfort zone actually had your girlfriend there with you and you had fun together。

 How cool is that but no many guys don't do that。 Many guys see game basically as as masturbation like similar to jerking off you know。

 better do it alone somewhere where nobody can see you and then afterwards be ashamed of it like that's what most guys fucking think about game。

😡，But， dude， honestly。Girls fucking love being social。 They love seeing you fucking own sets。

 They love seeing you pump in your own state。 They love having you pump their state。

 Yeah was thought about that， That's what you're doing when you go out。 How epic is that。

 Girls love being in this kind of environment。 They're naturally social people。

 even the girls they claim their introverts， they love being social。

 they love you seeing fucking owning it， But， but Max， what if I get rejected。 Well。

 what if the girlfriend， excuse me getting rejected， Oh man， first of all。

You're gonna get rejected far less when you're there with your girlfriend， like 90% less。

 if you have， if you have decent game， you're not a complete idiot and you're walking to in the nightclub with the girl next to you or like。

 maybe like， you know， the elbow move thing。Dude99% of people are never going to reject you because you have a little thing called pre selection through her。

 Okay， you understand the concept of pre selection。

P selectionction means if you're there with a  Hawk girl already， people are like， well。

 he can't be creepy because he has a  Hawk girl there。 So I guess he's cool。

 they will like if you have a  Hawk girl next to you。

 you can literally allow yourself like so much more obnoxiousness。

 Like I would walk up to people like this is my sister。

 Nice to meet you guys I make out with my sister。 people like， well， that's great。

 like you can fucking get away shit it's amazing because you have pre selectionelection because people like well he can't be weird。

 He has a girl there。 know if you approach a girl alone group， was like， well， he's probably weird。

 and then you have to game them， you have to be nice and understand the social interactions。

 social the social situation and then're like oh he's weird。

 He understands the dynamics and he can calibrate accordingly But if you have a girl there。

 they're like well， he can't be weird。 He has a girl。 if he was weird。

 the girl would be with him done know So yeah， you're not gonna get rejected out also here's a funny here's fun fact。

 It's much less the fact that you're getting rejected from your girl if you do， but it's。😊。

Much more how you react to you getting rejected。 right， It's called passive attraction。

 If she sees you not caring when you getting rejected， it's actually attractive。 She's like。

 he's having so much fun girls don't even register that you got rejected。

 Like let's say you walk up to people hey guys， what's up， and like oh fuck you like yeah。

 gonna meet you guys high five and you get out The girl didn't even register that you got rejected。

 She's like， oh man， he's just such in good mood， that's so amazing。

 Like's so amazing again like this is called passive attraction will more about this concept than the natural。

 It's that the fact that you getting rejected。 It's the fact you actually own it and you still in a good mood that makes it much more attractive right And like I said。

 excuse me， you can do all that without fucking other girls。 if that is what you've chosen。

 She will fucking love it to join you to be out there etc。

 right you can do all that with fucking other girls together， though， too。

 Okay you'll be surprised how much she will love hooking up。

Other girls like so many like ask any girl， ask any girl if she's ever kissed a girl。

99% of girls doesn't matter how conservative they are there okay。

 I tried it now ask them have they ever kissed a girl sober。

 you'll be surprised how many girls have also kissed girls sober and you'll be surprised how many girls have had three sons or would be open to that idea。

Many guys just never fucking execute on that。 Many guys don't even have the ball to that girlfriend because like。

 well， they're just going to think you never read like again， like。

 you'll be surprised how many girls are open for that threesome action or foursome action or orgy action。

 it's crazy。 It's insane。But more on that in the extra three sums chapter that I've also prepared for you。

 Oh， and one more important point for。😊，If you've almost forgotten that being in a relationship per se is game as well。

 you know， it's basically game at the highest fucking level。

 If you've learned anything from the how to keep a girl attractive chapter or the how to train your girlfriend chapters。

 You know by now that it's， you know， it's all about constant deeduction。 You know。

 constants deduction of each other。 It's never about letting yourself go。

 It's never about having arrived。 It's never about these things。 So， yes， being a relationship。

 if done the right way is also still being in the game。 However。

 if you spiced that up with actually going out， meeting new people， keeping your options open。

 understanding the social dynamics within the first couple of minutes of an interaction。

 then that is the truly most ideal combination that you can have。 Imagine a following。

You can go out every weekend。Alone with your girlfriend or with your buddies， your wingmen。

 and you can own the fucking club， own the fucking bar。 You have a hell of a good time。

 You know a bunch of cool people in that club because you always go to the same one or you can truly trust yourself that even if you go to a new club。

 you're able to attract people， have a good time， shed some shoot some shit， share some epic stories。

 you can do all that。 And you have a really hot， amazing10 out of 10 girlfriend that might join you or that's waiting at home for you。

 How epic is that。 The true confidence that， you know。

 you can attract any other girl that you can attract people in general and that you have a highqu girlfriend already。

How cool is that right and that my friend is how to game while being in a relationship。

