# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：1.内心的游戏--揭穿神话：5.恋爱关系并不是你想象的那样（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Now， I called this video specifically， relationships are not what you think they are because after watching this video。

 you'll be greatly detoxified for mainstream thinking。 and I'm shit a lot of mainstream here。

Mainstream has a lot of positive things， obviously， but not with the dating。

 now the ratio of things again， it's the reason why you're frustrated and confused in a newbie phase and why you have to overcome all the shit。

 So let's detoxify each other ourselves kind of sounds better here with this video Now this video is a fucking reality check you need to embark on this journey with a clear understanding of the natural core principles underlying female to male attraction and vice versa you cannot embark on this journey without understanding these natural core principles we're really tapping the natural content here my program that natural that I brought out a couple years ago。

 but obviously here we're taking these concepts and we're putting it more into the context of relationships obviously this is still super valuable for you even more valuable for you if you're ready in a relationship it makes you finally understanding of girlfriends behavior etc So again。

So it's taken from my program the natural apply it into a relationship context Now the biggest misconception here that a lot of us have having and I have mentioned it before and also the pro material relationships in game are contradictory which is full on not true at all In fact。

 game is the best thing you can learn for long termm relationship and being in a successful long term relationship is the best thing you can learn for game this program will actually show you that okay now let's talk about what being in a relationship does not mean number one。

 it does not mean you've arrived and you can fully let yourself go well watch watch your girlfriend watch her losing all the attraction for you。

Number two， a real man knows how to keep a woman。It has some truth。

 It honestly has some truth because let's look at that。 if you look at the mainstream narrative。

 It's like， oh， if you fuck a lot of girls and you're a high fucking quality mother fuckcker that knows how to attract girls and people in his life。

 You're a loser。 You got to commit to this one fat。

 ugly girlfriend of yours for years with saggy tips that is just naggy that's just like an empty shell or something that she used to be to you。

 you're if you're real man gotta stay in there。 That's not what it actually means。

 I think 100% a real man knows how to keep a woman， my definition of that is different。

 A real man picks the best hottest， most amazing girlfriend that he can find out of a pool of potential candidates。

And it makes her fucking。So attracted to him that she's excited about him every single day。

And he picks the girl that attracts him to her， so he's excited about her every single day， so yeah。

 it has some truth that， a real man fucking knows how to keep a girl if you define it correctly。

Next misconception is you need to be worried about her cheating on you。

Let's have that sink in because it's a misconception and it's not fucking true。

 You don't need to be worried about her cheating on you at all。

 We're talking more about the whole cheating thing a lot more extensively。

 But what does it mean for you， if you're worried about her cheating on you。

 What's the communication here。 What is the underlying core principle about you， Well。

 you are insecure my friend。 You're insecure， and you didn't experience the player phase long enough。

 So you're like， I'm not the player， I hope I got to protect my girlfriend from overfo players out there。

 if you're truly a high value male， You don't you even care about that。 You're like， yo。

 I'm the shit， I know know， nobody else gonna be able to fuck my girlfriend。

 because she's just so war for me， that's simple。 Now， if she feels the need to cheat on you。😡。

What does that mean about her， Well， it means that the equivalent of you not being able to go through the player phase long enough is her being a low self esteem woman。

And you didn't recognize it。Kind of blaming it a lot on you here on the guys in general。

 not on you in person， not you personally， because obviously this is a program for guys and I think。

Listen， I don't have the authority to talk about the girl from her perspective。

 I have the authority to talk about the guy， from the guy's perspective。

 and it is many times to a great degree， not always fully， never fully。

 but to a great degree our fault because if you're getting a low self-esteemed girl into your life。

 if you even girlfriend her up， which is nuts， it's your fucking fault。

So that does not that is what being a a does not fucking mean But let's talk about another definition of what being a relationship does not mean because there is more for example。

 the need to move together you and the girlfriend need to move together otherwise it doesn't count as relationship completely fucking wrong。

 In fact， I even advise you， I recommend both of you having your personal spaces where you could just be yourself and then just kind of not sit on top of each other in a nonsual way in sexual way it's very good but in the nonsexual way just like。

😡，feeeelling like you're imprisoned right being in the present of your girlfriend should something should should be something that you're looking for。

 not something that is natural in giving the next mis conception is really。

 really big and that is it's going to last forever。Ouch。If you're I mean， Im dude。

 if you're not angry yet， it's really good， I congratulate you because this is where many people like fuck this program。

 who the fuck is this， what the fuck， Yeah， dude， it's not going to fuck and last forever。 No。

 it won't bro wake the fuck up This is the real world but here's the key while no relationship lasts forever very rarely。

 very rarely some do， but never relationships don't last forever and'm very sure that yours won't。

The beauty about that is that it doesn't even matter。

 It's not a problem if the relationships don't work out on a very long grand scale of 10 to 230 years。

Live in the moment budny， enjoy what you have with your girl and just because it ends at some point doesn't mean that the years have been wasted。

 I love that one guys said like，I broke up， give a friend after eight years， broke up， but he was。

Eight years of separation， no， it wasn't bro up the fuck up。

There was a lot of nice things in there as well。 It's just easier for you to say right same for the girls like he was an asshole。

 I knew it all the time。 Well why the fuck you you fuck Raberg。

 you retor it So no raceships are not meant to last forever。

 but that's no problem as long as it lasts。 It's totally fine and it's funny too because the notion of the whole thing lasting forever leads to both of you becoming more or lesspathetic you don't prove you compromise more and that below instead of just living with your girlfriend having a good fuck in time right you end up living through hell because you're unhappy。

 you don't want to risk big changes of breaking up with her because oh it's it's supposed to last forever and all that shit and people become apathetic because they dont grind they don't work at other't work on themselves it's gonna last forever anyway I can just let myself everybody's drag each other down and it becomes shit man relationships supposed to lift you up not drag you down So let's talk about to further paint a really negative picture of the mainstream narrative。

Let's talk about how 99% relationships。Work out。Cause they， they work out really amazingly。

 I gotta say。 Here's what he looks like。 Let's call him。 Jenny and John。 Okay。

 so Jenny and John meet。 Jenny is very low self-esteem as 95% of women arent there。

 And but she looks decent。 You know， she at least looks decent。 She's a 7， maybe8， right。

 John is a fucking showed。 like 99% of the guys out there。 He has no abundance， right。

 So he just chooses Jenny because she's in his league。

 He's jerking off to the9s and tens to the hot Russian models on pornhub， but。😊。

You ain't gonna get a hot rush model。 just Jenny。 just she's good enough。

 So that's already fucking gigantic mistake。 right now the funny thing here is Jenny shes John。

 because she knows He's showedad right She's like， oh， he's a little showed。

 I'm gonna choose him and surely she wants to go for the high value guys。

 the fucking go get her the hot amazing guys that fuck shit out of her and just the fucking conqueror world。

 but but for some random reason， she just can't seem to hold the high value guys。 Well。

 why is that because the high value guy has gone through the player face and he's able to identify her low self-esteem behavior and he just moves on quickly。

 He might fuck her a little bit。 and I move on is like she's just not good enough。

 So little Jenny goes for John and funny， by the way。

 John can't read the signs that Jenny's low self-esteem。

 He doesn't know that she is low self-esteem and that she's。Manimipulative by nature。

 why can't you read the signs？Because he has no experience。 So off， off to a great setup。 right now。

 here's the funny thing。 both basically pick the partner because they can't find anything better。

 Not because they're the best fucking option in the vast sea of options that they have。

 They simply pick the partner。 because there's nothing better。 Now。

 first relationship might even go well。 Now just you know， honeymoon fans。 yata gotta。

 John manages to kind of have her attracted somehow。

 Jenny can keep her low self-estee bullshit together for a couple months。

 Maybe even years for a while， right， and。It all kind of looks good so far。

 And now here's the thing John thinks he's arrived， right， He lets himself go。 He's like。

 oh I arrived。 I got the cool girlfriend。 I got the， I got the whole women thing checkboxed。

 I'm all good。 I've arrived。 Now Jenny knows that she has John locked down right。

 So this fucking show is not going anywhere。 So she lets herself go。 And over months and years。

 they both deteriorate becoming empty shells。😊，Like a copy of what they used to be。

 Jenny loses attraction to John starts looking for other man secretly while John's resources are being drained。

 John is oblivious to the science because again， he has no experience whatsoever。

 And when John finds out he blames Jenny， because she can't keep her legs together because she's a fucking slut。

 He doesn't blame his own inability to be a fucking alpha male。 right， No， he blames， she's a whore。

 He just doesn't blame himself。😡，Because of his inability to keep a fucking woman。

 keep her attractive， what the fuck is Jenny supposed to do？Deal with this Pata male bullsh。

 Of course， she loses attraction。 By the way， it can also totally be that the John is the one who cheats right because he found another low self-esteem woman that would deal with this Pata male shit。

 Maybe she looks slightly better And and and Jenny is is not being able to deal with it， right。

 Jenny is basically oblivious to the signs because she's in her own LSE little world。

 She can't see the truth。 She's just gonna be like no， no， he's not cheating He did that。

 So again like。Both can cheat on each other， one or the other。

 I'm not blaming anything here but again like it's people blaming the other one and then Jenny says he was an astroutt anyway instead of just being like。

 maybe I should have just fucking kept him， you know I should have fucking kept him attractive to me。

But yeah at best， both indulge in instant gratification， maybe even together， they become fatter。

 dumbmer， lazyzi by the fucking day and there's no mutual lifting each other up。

 but instead there's mutual dragging each other down or the best case scenario there's mutual together dragging down。

 it's not even dragging each other， but they're just both deteriorate。Become fat， ugly and useless。

 not that fat and ugly as bad， but you you get the gist now。Greatra thing is here， this is really。

 really bad。Even worse if they put。Kids to the equation if they throw in kids， that is even worse。

 So now they're in a dysfunctional relationship。 now they's even put fucking kids into this life。Q。

Sorry， if you're one of those kids， I'm certainly one of those kids， I think even though my parents。

 they really fixed it very well afterwards and really good friends out they're divorced in everything。

 but again， man dude。Though kids in that situation are even bad， so again。

 because of their lack of taking action in general， they become more and more insecure。

And they revert back to manipulating each other， I don'm going to know why I'm doing this。

 this is just getting fucked by the other one in a non good sense。

 so they manipulateulating each other to ensure that their partner stays。

You want to live in that relationship？I certainly don't。

Now let's look at what being in a relationship。Actually means。

Let me get a little happier here because this is the good part now。This is really， really important。

 and relationship means two factions。2 parties joining forces。

 both of them coming from abundance and an epic life。 Both are attracted as hell to each other。

 both want the best for their partner。 They don't want to manipulate each other so they get down to their life they truly want their partner to be fucking happy and because they come from abundance and the high dose of healthy selfesteeem。

 They say， I want the best for her。 and I know deep Dan and I am the best for that。 I don't need her。

 but I would like to have her。 be very， very amazing。 And again。

 this wanting the best for their partner is not because they're afraid that the partner would leave if they don't give them everything they need。

 No， it's because they truly want it for them on top of that for you what being rich it means is provider plus lover。

 Many guys say， well， I need to be the provider for the relationship。

 and they got to be the lover to fuck girls。 No， you need to be both need to fuck the shit out of her。

 Take her as a woman。😡，Not take her seriously when she's a little giggly and all is freaking outright。

 deal with her shit tests， but at the same time you need to take her nice dates。

 look into her eyes and say baby。You' know the best thing that I have my life， you're amazing， right。

 you need to surprise her with trips， little gifts， whatever， but at the same time。

 be the lover that fucks the shit out her and takes her as a woman。

Basically bottom line is for you as a man， you treat her well as long as she treats you well。

 not because she guilts you into it but because you truly love her and because she's been treating you well as well now again this might be shocking for you maybe not if you have been watching more of my shit lately anyway。

It sounds harsh， but it's the truth and I hope this video could detoxify to a great deal go ahead man。

 fucking watch it again， come back， return to this video whenever you feel like you're told into the void of mainstream Merith。

This video is truly one of my favorite videos in this program already as we're going through this。

Man， it's I can't emphasize how important understanding these concept in this video are is the understanding is。

 okay， so please take it to your heart。I'll see you in the next bit。

