# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：13.她只有我一个人

Now， let's talk about， I am the only one she has。 And this is a really important video because I've been there myself。

😊，And I've seen more than one friend going down an extremely， extremely dark， dark。

 fucking route with that kind of thinking， having gotten a relationship with that kind of girl。

 So me break it down。 Usually her life situation probably looks something like this。😡。

Shit family or ship family situation， you know， alcohols， deaths， abuse， drug addicts。

 all that inner family。 Now， no friends because of either that circumstancesstance or a related circumstance。

 You know， they have to move a lot。 Her her family is like in bad reputation。

 So she has no real friends， right， No job， maybe no education， no money。

 no whatever because of the same kind of circumstances。 That is not necessary。 I have to make girls。

They were in had a very stable， very high paying job。 But， you know。

 like they held their shit back for8 hours a day。 And then when was they came out。

 It's just pulling back crazy， but could be。 Okay， no job， no education， no money， yada yada。

 And most importantly， she looks like a total fucking victim that has been fucked over massively by life。

Poor girl。And so far kind of makes sense， right， of course I mean。

Everybody would like to have this girl out right， I mean you're not a bad person， in fact。

 you're probably at a particularly good person， so you look at her life situation when you meet her。

And you're like， holy shit， this poor thing。 Oh my gosh， she's fucked over by like， let me help you。

 I I， I'm doing well。 You know， I want to help you。 It also makes me feel better。

 I'm doing a good thing herere right， Let me help her。 But what you don't see。

Is the underlying truth， the underlying issues that she's having。And that's the following。

 She's highly， and I really want to say she's highly dysfunctional because of those issues。

That's still okay， right， Like， of course， she's dysfunctionctureuous。

 She's been fucked over my life， but she has developed habits that make it impossible to escape this downward spiral。

 She's developed habits that attract more and more of the same kind of circumstances。 And again。

 I want to hammer that in。 because so far， all do you think is this poor girl， this poor girl。

 this poor girl。 I understand， of course， she's poor。 But at the same time。

 you need to realize that she's been developing habits that make it impossible for her to escape this downward spiral。

 She's been developing habits that brought her into this situation。Yes。

 she's been fucked over to a great degree by life。 But at the same time， that's all she does。

 She's continuously fucking herself over。 She can't pick herself up anymore。 It's done。

 she's in full on victim mentality and she's a product of the circumstances that she's continuously creating She's created this downward spiral for her。

 It's impossible for her to get out and for you， The problem here is by you helping her。 Okay。

 imagine it's like this this whirl dirtyly downward spiral。 Okay， it's like， you know。

 like when you pull the plug out of a bathtub。 the water is rinsing out。 Okay。

 it's pulling shit down。 by you trying to help out。 You like a little toy ship like， hey。

 I'm gonna help you， I'm gonna help you。 I'm getting closer to you。 Oh， oh no， oh no and down you go。

 it's sucking you in the closer you get。You understand you're like， but I can help her。

 I can suck her out。 No， all you do is you throw a bigger vessel into the worldy girl。

 It doesn't matter if you bring a little toy ship or a gigantic toy ship。

 It's gonna drag you down eventually。 So no matter what you throw in， It's gonna suck you down。

 and there's nothing that can change that。 Okay， it's in her， it's in her DNA at this point。

 It's impossible for her to escape。 only years of professional therapy can fix that。 Not you again。

 not you， No， you cannot fix that。 not you。I get it。 You might like the challenge。 Like， well。

 I've been watching our Z been dealing with self development and spirituality for years now I could fix it。

 No， you can't。And you know why。Because the only person that can fix that is herself。Okay。

The only person that can fix that is herself， a professional therapist may be able to bring her to that path where she realizes what she's doing。

 but she can't fix that herself okay。Ask any psychotherapist that is working with addicts， okay。

 drug addicts or alcohol addicts。You cannot force someone to overcome their addiction。

 you cannot ask any professional or ask any X alcoholic for that matter。You know。

 people try to force their family members， their best friends。

 their spouses into into what's it called like rehab and everything， they do it。

 they go through the program and after a couple of weeks they fall back。

Until the very moment where their life is in shambles is's ruined。 And they're like， okay。

 I want to go to rehab now， and they rehab themselves and they go bring themselves to rehab only then because a person needs to understand it intrinsically。

 from their own standpoint。 Hey，'s a lot of fucked up shit going on。 And I got to fix that。

 You can't fix that for the girl。 Only she can fix that herself。I'm sorry to tell you that bunny。

 Only she could fix that herself。 Does't matter how much you' support you' given her。

 Doesn't matter how much love you've given her。 At this point。

 it's just toy boats thrownn into the drain。 Now， I want to give you an example here that actually。

 a good friend of mine posted on Facebook。 but he shared it with everybody。

 and I want to share it with you as well。 He said one big problem was that she literally had no friends。

 So every time when I did stuff on my own， I knew that she was waiting for me at home because she had nothing better to do。

 Or even worse， she killed my mood so that I couldn't enjoy my own free time。 even after almost 8。

Years， and he says， Max， I think you know who I talked about actually met this person in person。

Super nice girl， pretty girl， very beautiful girl。But kickeded out inside， she was very。

 very fucked off， so this guy's been relationship with this girl for eight fucking years。

 one of my best friends。He actually came on a boot camp。 I told like， dude， you're my best friend。

 Like， we can go out anytime。 He's like， no， I want to do a boot camp。 I w to do a boot camp。

 I want to get out of this。 And you know what's crazy。But you guys saw him just。

 he fucking crushed it。It was like a fucking。 he was like a wild lion like seeing the wildlife for the first time after years。

 Like I thought like man， after eight years of being illustration。 He's gonna be fuck。 But dude。

 he picked himself up and he was like the life force being blown back into him。 You know。

 we would go out。 We would hit the club again， after he had broken up。

 And he's like cominging in with the girls getting make。 I mean， of course， there was you know。

 some technicalities that he did wrong。 You know， a couple things。 But overall， man， he was。

 he was one of the best student progressions that I've seen because he was just like finally I'm free。

 no more dragging down。 I'm free。 How epic was that so。Don't get in a situation。

Especially enough for eight fucking years where the girl will drag you down with her。

 she will use everything， she will throw everything at you。😡，Pity， I'm sad。 I'm the victim here。

 Everything to try to lure you in。 Obviously， this kind of behavior is highly。

 highly low self esteem。 and it's one hell of a fucking trap。It will pull you down。 again。

 it's a trap because these girls can be very， very beautiful。 Obviously， in the outside can be very。

 very beautiful。 happened to me myself。 The first 10 I made my girlfriend and was exactly that fucked up family situation。

 fucked up dynamics。 She did go to very prestigious school， had a very prestigious job。

 there was a lot of pressure from my parents involved， cetera。 They were very。

 very wealthy and all that。 But she was so fucked up。

 And she threw everything at me to drag me down with her and it' end up with me crying。

 my fuck hard out。 after visiting her in the US after a 10 hour flight。 She was fucked up。

 She didn't want to hang out with me anymore。 She did later。

 she was all manipulative and weird when I was there。 and I booked a flight back。 I had no money。

 I had to like credit card debts to find that flight back home， cried at the whole flight。

 was like taking painkills and shit。That's how it ended for me， man。

 I was done after one and a half years。 He was done after eight years。 How much until you're done。

 buddy。Okay so but again， let's stop crying about the shit。

 Let's talk a little bit more about the game point here because this shit adheres to your own helper syndrome。

 Okay remember we talked about this helper syndrome before。

 we all have that helper syndrome to a degree。 It's in our genetics。

 you want to help the poor little girl right in varying intensities though we live it out。

 It depends on the story that we have You know one story could be the sacrifice story。

 I'm here to sacrifice myself to my partner， which is also connected to your own low self-esttem Okay so if it adheres。

 if you feel a lot your helper syndrome， Captain Savaho。

 it's because of your own fucking issues that you need to fix first。 and if you have issues。

 you got to go through the for becoming much more you got to am shit up for months until you're healed through your own action taking through your own inner journey and understanding what the lack is that you've experienced from your childhood and how you can fucking fix that and then you're ready for ratio and then you'll be able to say a short but loved no。

😊，To these kind of girls and you can let them go their own way。 Okay。

 there's no light at the end of this tunnel bro。 It is highly。

 highly likely if you get a relationship with this kind of girl。

 she will suck out your energy for years， eight years here about the fucker since that is。

 and this is key since that is the only way she knows she can bind someone to her She's so low self- etem。

 She understands that giving value to somebody making them truly love me。That's not gonna work。

 I'm not loveworthy Look at me。 I'm a piece of shit。

 So I'm gonna drag them down so fucking hard until they can't escape anymore。 And then their're mind。

 It's my only chance to survival。 Okay， they're not even evil。

 That's the only fucking chance to survival。 Okay， it's a very special and sad kind of personality disorder。

 And men and women can have it both alike。 I'm talking about here。😡，From the girl's perspective。

 from the man's perspective ontoto girls， obviously because it's a guy program。

 but men and women can have it a like。😊，It's some fuck up shit。 It's a personality disorder。

 And you need to fucking run when you encounter that。 It was actually a great episode of the TV show。

 Rick and Morty， where Rick， the grandpa talks to Jerry， who's the husband of his daughter Okay。

 so he's talking to his， what's it called it his his son inl。 Okay。

 and Jerry is a very pathetic kind of guy。 He's not smart。 He's not alpha。

 He's literally just like a piece of shit that plays full on the pity role。

 And I watched this episode， as I was writing in this program。

 And I heard what Rick is telling Jerry。 Okay， what is the grandpa telling to his son inlaw。 and。

I'm like， this is， this is exactly it。 This is exactly the same kind。 He says the falling。

 I quote all that happened because she felt sorry for you。 You act like pray， but you're a predator。

 You use pity to luring your victims。 That's how you survive。 You survive because people think， oh。

 this poor piece of shit。 He never gets a break。 I can't stand his deafening silent wails off his wilting soul。

 I guess I hire him or marry him。And that's exactly the same issue， playing a payity role。

 playing the victim role， but in reality， they're not to pray， they're the fucking predator。

We talk more about this on the when she has problems chapters and chapter and we talk about the importance that you're not her psychotherapist。

 what it comes from what are the exact things that you can do but。In general， we summarize here。

 it's not your fucking job。😡，In fact， it's nobody's job， it's got to be her job， if anything。

 it's a fucking psychotherapy's job， and even then she's got to want this herself。

If you don't understand this。You'll be dragged down with her and at some point you're going to wake up think about this video。

 and then I'll be there to say， I told you so。Excuse me。 so yeah。

 last but not least don't underestimate her。She's ahawk girl， She'll always find someone。

 and it's not your responsibility。No， it's not。It's not。Your responsibility shall be fine。

She'll need to want it herself。 And that with the help of a psychotherapist。

 she's going to get out of there。No， it's not your responsibility。Donone。😡。

