# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：1.内心的游戏--揭穿神话：4.你男朋友是谁（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

The boyfriend stage Now in this video we'll be identifying the most important pit falls。

 the problems that the boyfriend stage entails， but also how to basically conceive that is the stage man or not。

 or am I the ones before most importantly， this is merely an assessment video I've talked about this in the videos before already we will talk about how to fix these problems that come along with the stage later on indy becoming loveworthy video So you can look forward to that here we're just gonna identify it。

 So let's look at the boyfriend and before we even look at that。

 let's put out a disclaimer because do not confused the boyfriend with the nude many nus think they are a boyfriend because you know they're not these doebacks who just want meaningless sex whereas the truth is well they're not these douch bags who don't only want to have meaning sex because they can't get sex。

 The boyfriend ever can get sex。 He's been through the player stage again。

 it's a progression you can't jump from player to boyfriend。

It's not it's physically the laws of physics make it impossible。

 okay so while they might look similar on the surface， for example， unflashy game。

 the willingness to weight， having similar goals too like they're getting they want to get a newde and a nice girl with no drama with none of that they just want to kind of settle down。

 they look similar on the surface， they do it from completely different motives。

 from completely different urges， the boyfriend。Once a girlfriend， the nube needs a boyfriend。

You hurt me correctly。 He needs a boyfriend， fucking Joe， obviously he needs a girlfriend， okay？

Boyfriend wants a girlfriend。 Jod Nobe needs a girlfriend。 Let's talk about phases here real quick。

 That's almost another disclaimer because you probably had that too。

 you know you've had the phases where I just want to like fuck all the horrors like's fucking go and then you had phases where all that is a little too chaotic for you It's too much too loud and you feel like you kind of want to spend some quiet evenings with a really nice girl that is really。

 really cool you just want to hang out and commit a little bit right now。

 important here because it could be that you think oh。

 I'm the boyfriend now but it could be that it's just merely a face in order to differentiate here you got to do the falling look at your track record of the previous phases that you've gone and look how long they took because it could be again that you think you're in the boyfriends stage now but all you actually need is just a little bit of like a fuck buddy vacation to commit with a sgra for like a week know like you're spending a weekend or a week at home together。

leave the house。 All you do is just fuck and love each other and all this kind of shit and you just like have Chinese food order to your place。

 out' bring through those phases。 Many times they're amazing。 they're very inspirational。

 but many times after a week， I'm like okay I'm kind ready to go out and p again So look at your track record of phases if it's only a week or two if that is what they took so far could be that it's only gonna be only a week or two for you again experiments around with it and make sure that you're not thinking that you're in the boyfriend phase even though you're not and then you committing too early but I'm way ahead of shit here will'll talk about committing too early and all that later。

 here's what the main issues are for the boyfriend stage。 number one。

 the unlearning game issue the resting too much due to the falls feeling of having arrived。

 now Im gonna have to work on myself anymore。 So I'm gonna fall onres。

 I'm gonna drop all the game and all that and I'm just gonna back because I have the boyfriend again because I have the girlfriend Now this is completely wrong picture and it stem。

From the very， very N nu phase， many people in the new phase they say， okay， let me learn this game。

 let me learn all this just as a means to an end so I can at some point just，Sattle down like。

 how much longer do I have to go out， right？ You might have asked that question to yourself。

 I know I for sure did that to myself。 Like how many more sets I have to do until I find the one cool girl until I have to get late。

 right， And this， this wrong picture keeps being deep within you。

 And then you arrive at the boyfriend， boyfriend stage， You literally think you arrive。

 Like Ira If I don't have to work myself anymore。 And that is by far the biggest issue I see in clients on myself and friends and myself as well。

 Okay， because。Yeah， it's， it's just a fucked up thing。

 You have to be aware that you never fucking arrive。 But again， we'll talk more about this later。

 The next issue is， if you're coming successfully through the player stage。

 you're not used to these long lasting， long term shit tests。😡。

You're used to passing fast quick successions of bursts of shit tests right you pick it up the girls shit shit shit。

 pass past pass boom， go home fuck right or date， shit shit shit， boom， go home fuck。

 whatever it is right and then within a relationship girls tend to test you little differently they test you over longer time and have you ever had that maybe you've had that where after months you'd be like holy shit。

 what what if I become？Like Ive failed all these smaller。

 like little tiny tests that has been going on in the background because again。

 you're not used to that。 So that's another very， very big misconception。

 big big mistake that many boyfriend stage people do and that kind of goes along with the other point and that is that you're less vigilant I that we're vigilant。

 vigilant， vigilant。 You're just like oh， she's my girlfriend now。

 Of course she's not gonna shit test me again， like resting too much right that problem。

 And then you get thrown off longterm shit test you fail and then you're shown yourself down again because you think you've arrived and you're not vigilant yada。

 yada yada And the crazy thing is too， this is optional。 This doesn't always happen。

 but many guys commit too much。 They drop everything because now they have the perfect girlfriend。

 They stop hanging out with their cool friends because theyre in a P A through the P A guys completely cut them out they drop game themselves。

 I get it if they want to be exclusive， but they just drop being social at all。 again。

 they drop friends。 They dropping outside of。😊，any clubs。

 the gym or whatever they've been signed up to。 they just drop on and they commit too much。

 not realizing that all these things were the things that attracted the girlfriend that you have right now in the first place。

 Again， this point is rather optional。 I don't see it every guy but it does happen Now the counterpart to thiss kind of funny。

 You know you're awesome you have seen a lot and now because you really like a girl。

 you've trouble committing because you're afraid of losing it all that and just falling down to the old progression that you like progress progressing backwards。

 So you're afraid of that。 So that's side of the kind of counter that kind of the counterpart as you see Now the positive aspects of being in the boyfriend stage though lift you up a little bit or the falling number one。

 you've come very very far and you're most likely in a stage we have a really awesome life。

 you've gotten the girls thing handled on top of that you've probably done the business thing。

 you're extremely happy with the career you're having you're probably healthy etc。

 So you've come very very far。 This is。Really good。 Also， you know what you want， right。

 You're getting experiences in that are according to your needs and your wants， right。

 that's really great。 Now you're even getting in experiences because at the boyfriend stage。

 that are a lot more in depth as opposed to the player who just gets a lot of breath then right。

 And the really cool thing is if you're in the boyfriend stage， you'll learn a fuck to about girls。😊。

You've heard me probably talk about this in the promo material to girlfriend game being in a longm relationship。

 being a boyfriend actually helps you incredibly with your game because again。

 like you see the long-term behavior of a girl， you know her not wearing makeup There's no going out high which kind of changes for personality a little bit right It's just everyday normal day phase for the girl and you'll learn a fuck of how do girls think。

 what emotional state are they in throughout the day， etctera， etc ce。

 So let's really summarize the challenges did I just summarize summarize let's summarize。

 summarize the challenges that you're facing in the boyfriend stage。

 You're learning how to settle down with a really， really cool girl and the challenge that you stay sharp at the same time。

 So you have these two counter forcesces Se down， open yourself up but the same time staying sharp and remaining cool and keeping the attraction level high for your girl。

 that is the main challenge。 Don't worry it too much more that in becoming loveworthy challenge。

 Now you know all the three stages newbe player。😊，You know where you are。

 you kind of trimmed your brain to know what you got to do now。

 the following chapters are going to help you out with that。 let's roll。

