# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：5.高级女友游戏：3.嫉妒（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Let's talk about jealousy here， because。Jealousy happened to a lot of guys， a lot of girls as well。

And we're talking about it。 So first and foremost， jealousy is always。

 always a sign of seeing yourself inferior to potential competition。

 And I want to give you an example here because I think it breaks， brings the point home very well。

 So imagine you're B Pitt。 Can everybody knows B Pitt。 And you're at a party。 And。😊。

Agelina Julies there as well。 Your wife， you know， imagine your bright pit。Ask yourself。

 are you going be jealous if Angelo Jolie gets approached by some fucking dude on that party？😡。

Imagine that。 So obviously， as a side note here， if she is jealous。

 it's a sign that she's low selfeststeem or it's a sign of your lack of communicating properly to her that she is your queen or is both combined。

 We talked about this already in the in the monogamy polygamy chapter。 Go ahead and watch that again。

 if you want。 Now， but back to you。 if you are jealous。

 Then you clearly not mastering the four becomings。 You haven't gone through them properly。

 You haven't mastered them。 And it's your fucking fault。 Yes， the four Bes。

 they take a long fucking time。 I get it， take a lot of fucking effort。 You know。

 some guys spend years。😡，Not even getting close to fixing that to fully going through the four fucking Bes。

 If they spend years not going through the four becomes properly。

 That's because they probably don't progress enough。

 And they never really expose themselves to hardship and thus growth。 Okay。

 that's like if youre years going spending years going through the fucking for Bes。

 you're not expose yourself to the most toughest situations you kind of just spending in your comfort zone。

 telling yourself that you're going through the floor fucking Bes。 Okay。

 now I'm looking back to the example of Grret Pitt in a ratio with Angel or Julian whether or not he's getting jealous in a second。

 but。😡，Here's a little concept about self esteem and thus jealousy because they're very well connected together。

True self esteem。Is not about knowing that you're gonna win no matter what。

 It's not about knowing that you're the shit， that you're the best。 Yada， ya，da， ya。

 It's none of that。😡，It's about knowing that you're gonna be fine， no matter what。

 whether that is winning or losing。 Okay， it doesn't matter if you win this battle or lose this battle。

 At the end of the day， you're gonna come out of life。Worst case scenario。

 you're gonna feel down for a while， but you're gonna get back up with a ton of fucking new lessons and a willingness to pllow the fuck through。

 That is true self esteem。 Not， I am the shit。 I'll win no matter what。

 Cas we let's reverted back to the Bret Pitt example。 I don't knowm personally， unfortunately。

 but it's very， very unlikely that Bret Pitt is gonna run around at the fucking party all like， yeah。

 I'm Btt Pit pitchitch。 Im the best fucking thing。 It could have ever happened。

 Any fucking chick out there。 You know， yeah， my dick。 I'm cool。 You know， he's。

 that's the equivalent of thinking self estem is thinking that you're gonna win all the time。

 So I doubt that Brett Pitt is gonna get there。 Okay， I don't think he's going get to that point。

 You know， is not gonna take it that far。 It's more probable that he has a strong but cot self esteem under。

 You know， very humble， very cool， very relaxed。 And if he sees Angelina Jolie flirting heavily。

Some other guy he's probably gonna think I'm like， ha ha Angelinas being approached by some guy。

 They're kind of flirting。 I mean， yeah， of course， she's a fucking stner。

 Of course she's gonna be approached。 But you know what， I'll be fine。 I'm a pretty cool dude。

 Chances are honestly very， very low that he's gonna be a better pick for her。 So I'm cool。

 And if that ever happens that some guy is better than me at some point in the future。 I'll be fine。

 man， man。😊，I'm a cool fucking dude。 I got lots of cool shit to offer。 So I'll be fine。

 no matter what。 So， again， I don't know Rapi personally。

 but I'm pretty sure he's gonna think like that much more than the overcompensating bullshit。

 And I also think he's gonna think like that， much more than。The， oh， I'm a piece of shit。

 And everybody's going to be better than me， because I'm pretty sure if you're B Pit。

 you've gone through the four becomings already。 She understands first。

 you go through the fucking four becomings。 Okay， so really， let's let's put it。 like。

 let's summarize it。 in order to fix your jealousy。 You've gone to do the falling things first。😡。

Honor the four Bes。 Go through them or work on them on them until you feel good enough and you're not intimidated if some other guy talks to a girl in fact。

You keep working after that， too。 You will work on that until the very fucking day you die。

 Obviously， throughout your relationship。 The journey never fucking stops。

 So you got to work through the fourbes， you never fucking stop doing that。

 And you work on on them until you feel at least humble and so secure that。

 you know that you're gonna be fine， no matter what。 Okay， so realize you're gonna be fine。

 no matter what。 because one can take everything from you。 your girl， your money， your friends。

 your success， whatever the fuck it is。 but they can't take this one thing。 That's your last resort。

 that one thing is the hustle and the willingness to go through the fucking for Bes。

 That's what people can never take away from you。 Okay， at any point in life。

 you can revert back to the hustle and the willingness to go through the fucking for Bes。

 And if you truly believe in that， my friend。😡，You've reached a magical realm of infinite abundance。

😊，Take that well away from me。 It will hurt， because I like her。But I'll be fine。 no matter what。

 I'll get back to it。 I'll work on the four Bes just as much as I worked before。

 I'll get a better girl。 Oh， take that girl away from me as well。 Beaat me up。 Bak my nose。

 Take my money， Take my friends。For becoming， man。I'll be fine。

 And now you have true fucking infinite abundance。 And jealousy is a far awake concept。

You've dealt with when you are young and insecure， when you didn't have the four Bes。

 it's not even fucking real for you any more。 And that's how you deal with it。

