# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：14.了解不同类型的关系第1部分（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Alright， so we're gonna go very deep now on understanding the different types of relationships。

 This is a longer vi。 I put it in two parts。 So it's like easier for your fucked up brain to watch。

 I know because it's hard for mymf brain to watch a long video。 So we put in the two halfs。

 So anyways， after watching this video。 And a part2。

 you'll know what type of ratio fits best for you。 And you also know how to see what type ratio the girl is and whether or not those are compatible。

 Now， remember the categorization that we had earlier， the big categorization from the natural。

 distinguishuing basically between low self-esteem and high self-esteem。 And that's great。

 But it's a little too simple of a categorization for relationships。

 So here we're gonna pop it up a notch。 we will say， of course。

 get a high self-esteem girl in general。 But then also。

 what is that girl story And how well does it coincide with yours。 So what are those stories。

 What do they really do。😊，We basically all have certain stories of what an ideal relationship should look like deep within us。

 right， This is relationship should be。 This is what should look like。 This is what should feel like。

 This is my fucking definition。 For example， my your definition might be the garden story。

 The garden story is。😡，Rships are like a garden。 you always need to care about。

 You always need to tend to。 You always need to nurture it， right， You always need to work on it。

 The other side is， for example， the fairy tale stories。

 and we'll talk more about both of them in detail。 Our relationships should be perfect。 It should be。

 she should be like the princess， I should be like the prince。

 And every time we have to work on relationship。 and it's just a sign that it's not working out。

 right， that's just two examples of what your story can look like。 Now， important。

 The more of your stories。😊，Of your personal story and the story of your partner， the more you share。

 the more those overlap， the better the relationship will function。

And the better those stories complement each other， the better relationship will function。

 So either you guys have the same story or at least a great overlap or you have complementary stories。

 for example the student and the teacher right makes sense now and there a crazy thing because people tend to completely ignore their own story right or the story even of their partner they have no idea of what is my definition of a perfect ratio。

 what is hers do they even coincide they just don't give it fuck about that because again。

 they come from scarcity you thou shalst not come from scarcity and also our idea love stories is very often unconscious you know it's a cultural or social condition conditioning。

 it's relationships that we've seen in our childhood。

 you know the ratios of our grandparents of our parents of people we grew up with and is often comprised also as a lack of。

Something that we felt in the past okay， so it's usually like overcompensating for the lack you' felt in the past。

 for example， I myself have been always rejected sexually by girls that I had a crush on that was always in school。

 all the way to high school girls would never just want to fuck me and maybe I don't know is this is bro science here。

 but as a bro science example， because I think because of that lack of sexuality that I felt because that heavy loss that I took。

Now my relationships always need to be based very hard on sex。 like for me。

 my relationship story is the story of being turned on all the time on my girlfriend and having her be turned on by me yada yada yada Now obviously this is massively overgeneralized there's a lot of factors at playing but you get the gist for example。

 my friend who had to live with the fear that his mother is going to die of cancer。

 she had cancer and she was in the hospital for a long time， she ended up surviving， which is great。

 but it was enough for him to experience that lack of motherly guidance。

 that lack of motherly relationships So guess what。

 literally a couple months later after that cancer shock He got into a deep relationship with a woman that's literally almost twice his age and their relationship resembles much more the mothers son relationship and partner partner because again。

It's unconscious and he created the story in order to compensate for again， on top of that。

 social condition and cultural conditioning。 And also you see what you think are regular relationships and your parents and your grandparents or people you live with。

 etc。 and all that has influence on what your relationship is Now this video right here is that the end of the big chapter on how to get a girlfriend and it's in the beginning of the chapter of keeping a relationship right。

 because it's important for both。 you know， it's very crucial to find the right girl knowing what a relationship is and what the relationship story is and what yours is。

 but it's also really， really key to keeping the girl because you need to understand that。😊。

Behavior is not the reason why relationships are bad。

That behavior within relationship is the effect of the underlying story。

And that is why it's key for being in a relationship， not just seeking the right girlfriend。 Okay。

 See first to understand， then to be understood。 You might have heard that from the Stephen R Covey book and 7 habits of highly effective people。

 Seek first to understand then to be understood。 So you need to understand her story。

 So you can understand her behavior。 This is so key。 write it down。 You need to understand her story。

 So you can understand her behavior。Okay， now as a little excurs here real quick before were going to get into the stories that are there。

Well， what happens， Max， if I'm in a relationship with someone whose story is completely different than mine？

Now， honestly， your stories will never 100% fit together。 That's totally normal。

 Like there's no stories that have 100% overlap，100% conform。

 But if they're completely opposite of each other， they're completely different and not complementary。

 thus the relationship takes more from both of you as opposed to giving you。

 then you got to ask yourself， Why are you still in the relationship。

 If your two stories differ so far from each other that that it's worse than it does good for you then why are you still in the relationship。

 Well the answer is clearly scarcity。 You're in because of scarcity。

Now if we're in a relationship with the partner and our stories diverge， it could be， by the way。

 that one partner is constantly trying to conform their their partner stories even though their own story is completely different this might be you conforming to your girlfriend's ideal story or this might be a her forming to your ideal story now it can work for sometimes like oh I' just got to compromise a little bit right but in the long run the conforming partner that needs to make that compromise we'll feel it's taken energy constantly from him and it's just dragging them down and it's not just not a recipe for a long lasting relationship。

So let's talk about what's my story。 how can I find out？ So first of foremost。

 people can have several stories within themselves。 You know。

 you can feel connection to to more several stories in different intensities。 you know。

 you can care more about some stories care less about other stories。

 we can prefer one story over others that's totally normal。

 And also different partner bring out different stories within us。

 So sometimes we have one partner with whom the story is perfect。 We're thing together。

 we're perfectly fulfilling their stories。 Then we meet another partner who takes up a role in a story that might be higher in our hierarchy。

 So we're fulfilling one story very well with one girlfriend。

 but there's another girlfriend that fulfills a better story。 a different story much better。

 And that story is higher in our hierarchy than the first story。

 the first partner will lose significance。 and all of a sudden， Well。

 that partner loses much of his or her attractiveness， right or you find missing。😊。

parts to your story in a different relationship。 So if you're not in an exclusive relationship。

 that's， for example，'s totally cool。 So you have you know the teacher student role and it's everything perfect。

 you're the kickas couple with one girlfriend， but then you have the pornography story where you just fuck to shit out each other with you know with your little adventure girlfriend you know both worse。

 There's a lot it's not like this is the one story that I have Har Now again it combinations are possible。

 priorities are possible。 you can get it from someone else etc。

 Our ideal love stories also can change over the course of our lifetime right they do very slowly change。

 but they do at the very end。 by the way， I'll give you a little guide and how to induce that change in case your story is one of the less beneficial ones for you so。

😊，All you excited， what stories are there？Funny enough。

 psychologists or therapists or mainstream narrative will tell you like all of these stories are fine。

 You know， everything is great。 you're special， you know， all this kind of shit。

 like there's no that's better or worse。 but honestly I call bullshit on that。

 Many of these stories are just completely fucked up。

 They're in direct correlation with where you are in your journey。

 So some of these stories are extremely low self-esteem and are just stories of someone who is extremely insecure。

 And obviously you shouldn't be in a raceship of that if you're insecure。

 which means you haven't gone through the four becomings yet。 So yeah， it's great。

 every story is nice。 yada yada， bullshit。 being in a good kind of story， F the rest。 honestly。😊。

some of these stories can be horrible。If you're in one of those stories for the wrong reasons。

 a scarcity right， and especially if you share the exact opposite of that story that is not complementary。

 you could ruin your fucking life。😊，So， yeah， it's bad。

 Some of these stories are extremely a low self esteem。

 Some of these stories are extremely high self esteem。 Some of these stories are rather neutral。

 They're not particularly low self esteem or high self esteem。

 So let's talk about asymmetrical stories first。😊，Really important。

 Why am I mention asymmetrical stories first， Well。

 99% of guys end up in a bad asymmetrical story out of scarcity。

 not because they actually like the asymmetry。 No， it's because they are coming from scarcity again。

 like dude， by this time you're sick and tired of me saying grocery bonus O came Max， I get it。

But it's my responsibility of a teacher to keep hammering that in how important fucking abundance is Jesus Christ。

 Okay， you need to be 100% aware。😡，Of what that story is and of the fact that you're coming from scarcity okay you got to a mindset of abundance in order to truly find your own story and find one that fits to you because otherwise you'll be like I'll be fine it' better than no yada yada yada right So first and foremost。

 asymmetrical stories that are good。 for example， the teacher student story teacher student story is basically the ratio that I'm in right now。

 know due to my want to rant all a lot。 I'm basically in the teacher role and I love going a crazy rants and teach people boss people around etca。

 tell them what's important。 and my girlfriend is a great listener。

 She loves being in a student role doesn't mean that I'm better than her doesn't mean that she's better than me。

 It's just like she loves listening。 She loves learning new things。 So thus wonderfully compliment。

 That's a good story man it's not bad。 actually it's rather neutral。

 It's good that that I found the right person that compliments with that。 However， there's also bad。

😊，It's very， very negative ones， for example， the sacrifice story， right。

 this is what the showed off finds himself in。Your one partner sacrifices his entire life for the other partner。

 right， now， funny enough， mainstream narrative very much supports this story。 You know。

 many of us think it's， oh， that's what it's supposed to be like。

 You're supposed to sacrifice for your partner。 You know， that's true love。😊，Really ask yourself。

 is this even the kind of story you really have？Like。

 is this your story a sacrifice story or do you just end up again because of scarcity in in the sacrifice story。

 right， if this is your story where I totally， I totally dig it。

 I think this is the definition and ask yourself， why Why do you think is that the definition of a story。

 right？ What is that， What is it in you that makes you think you need to sacrifice， right。

 Where is your self-esteem。 Where are you in the forbes， This is linked to low self-esteem。

 because for both parties， the beneficiary， the partner whose partner is sacrificecrificing themselves to them。

 He feels validated by the other partners sacrifice， right。

 And he himself can he can't draw validation from within。 So he's like， well， fine。

 I get the validation， because my partner sacrifice is， right？ And sacrificing partner。😊。

Doesn't think doesn't think of themselves as deserving of anything。

 So they're just giving themselves in right So it's both low self eseem for both parties。

 Also bad story is the government story。 It's also linked to low self-esteem right。

 very much the low self-esteem of the no decision maker because the government story basically says one person in relationship that makes all the decisions。

 The other one just like follows with pleasure right and honestly it's not that bad It's both fit together right。

 but you don't want to be on the wrong end where the girl makes all decisions for you because you're not in a position of power and will be extremely difficult for you to maintain attraction This is again。

 linked to low self eeeem to the nondecision maker because a nondesion maker can't hasn't developed trust in themselves。

Another one that is extremely bad is the police story。And that is linked to self。

 low self eine for both of you。 What that basically means is。The police person at the police person。

 the passive person， the police person likes the fact that someone is that interested in it because the police person is costly around like where are you what are you doing who are you hanging out with looking at your phone What are your text messages right and the police person is so fucked up in their head are' so screwed up in their head they're like well it's just a sign of him caring about me nobody's cared that much about me yet。

 this is so wonderful right and it's fucking crazy and the police person is obviously sees everything as competition everything as a threat so they need to control and they can't trust their partner this is one of the best examples of an extremely low selfesteeem relationship now the crazy and dangerous thing here is that the signs that the partner is a possible police partner those signs they can take a long time until they fully emerge they can take a long time to develop and you could be you could。

All of a sudden find yourself the role of the policed person without even noticing at first you know like for example you're the police person and at first the girl is super nice and she gives you a lot of attention it feels great and slowly but steadily she becomes more and more controlling freaks out the smallest things she accuses you of more and more things or you're you're learning with other women you're cheating on me even though you're full on hard be and loyal and then funny enough because it takes a while it can also happen that these accusations become a self-fulfiling prophecy because if she constantly puts you in this like twisted kind of reality where she tells it you're cheating you're a dirty bastard you're not nice to girl yada yada yada even if it's like in a professional manner like I was just nice to the girl like she's my fucking business partner of course I'm nice because she's feeding you this false reality at some point you literally feel like okay you know what I am a dirty filthy cheater she's literally like rewiring your brain and then at some point you do cheat on her。

Because you already think it's over anyway， it's crazy and by the way。

 vice versa I'm always giving random examples here him her。

 but it could obviously be the exact way around as well， so again here。

Proof that you need to test the girl all out before you get in relationship because if you had tested her。

 you don't find yourself random in a police， police situation。Another example is anarchy。

Anarchy is basically where nobody makes any decisions in that story。 everybody。

 both of them are hoping that the other one will make the decisions， you know。

 usually just goes down and like fuck in chaos for both。

 It's reflected in both of their life situation， They live in chaotic and living conditions， etc。

 And clearly， none of the two partners are even remotely ready to enter a fucking relationship。

 right Because I can't even take any responsibility。

 So that most likely stems in the fear of commitment。 you know， you don't care if it falls apart。

 hurt deur。 So why get a relationship， why to get in a relationship in the first place， right now。

 sorry about the next story that's the pornography story。

Pornography star is difficult because it can be linked to low self esteem for both of the participants。

Oh， it can be very harmless because in its essence， okay。

 like both of you really like to be adventurous in bed and you like to fuck and you like to have sex。

 right， I definitely say my most harm in that most harmless version。

 I definitely also have tendency towards the pornography story。 as I mentioned earlier， However。

 And by the way， before I say， however， it is in essence， a really good thing。 because sex is。

 you know， is value very highly and a good relationship。

 So both you want to pleasure or partner in every way， no matter how weird or fetish is。

 So there's's a lot of taking care of that。 And again， sex is the alpha and Oomega and relationship。

 However， again， this is， however， it can become quite problematic if the sex plays the only role in a relationship。

 that's the only role the partner can fulfill。It can't be a fulfilling long-lasting relationship if it's just about sex。

 can be totally fine with a fuck relationship， but not in a more serious relationship right and then also it could happen that in more extreme cases it's getting more and more fucked up for example。

 you need to have the girl being humiliated right like full on humiliation So the humiliator has a wicked sense of like sexual pleasure he needs to humiliate others to feel superior to feel value the feel turned on that's the only way he can feel that and the humiliate it has made you know probably traumatic experience in the past that made them believe that this is the only form of true love that I can feel you know or the only true love that I can deserve So again this is linked to low self-estseeem in a more extreme case The problem here is。

There's no way the relationship can progress right。

 was is it going to be like it'll just be more and more humiliation。

 more and more crazy sex until he can't push it any further and then。😊。

You know that usually the relationship comes to an end since both parties have nothing else to like strive for or they just find another relationship and or it ends in some other horrible wicked sense of sex act。

 I guess so yeah， like I said earlier， this is a story that is often being practiced in the secondary relationship。

 not the main relationship right they're like okay let me fuck the shit out of someone else while at the same time have condecent sex of my girlfriend right？

The next story is very， very horrible as well。 It the horror story， you know。

 very similar to the pornography story， but this one' is less focused on sexual pleasure。

 more focused on fear。 You know， the subject gets excited。 they induce fear to their partner。

 the object gets excited if they feeling fear。 Okay both are obviously fucked up。 very fucked up。

 And when you feel yourself being turned on by that kind of shit， then go back to the forbe。

 if you see the girl being turned on by fear then better fuck run。 go ahead and fuck her。

 but don't let her into your life。 go you know， go find a fucking therapist。 And again。

 with all these stories。 It could be that she is in the horror story。 and you're not at all。

 And you're like why is she constantly getting fear into me， this is fucked up right So again。

 it doesn't even mean that you're both sharing the horror story and it's fucked up。

 It could be that she's sharing a horror story you're not and it's still fucked up And again。

 with all these stories， it takes a while until the partner， you know let's it out。 usually。

The early signs can start very harmless， but then it becomes stronger and stronger。

 more and more harmful over time， which is again， a sign that you need to test the girl before you commit。

 you need to test her over a longer period of time。bigig important， lesson two。

 you attract what you are， okay， if you look at your previous relationships right now。You know。

 and there were also similar kind of stories。 There were all the kind of similars。

 And there were the similar stories that you've just heard。 Then yeah。

 it could be that you're stuck in this。's stuck in one of these roles。 and you need to。

Work on yourself in order to get over it。 you know， for example。

 the girl who always ends up with the assholes。 like every time I end up with the assholes， right。

 she's caught in her own story because she feels she's useless。 She deserves the mistreatated。

 She's caught in that or the guy who always ends up with the same arrogant to all controlling bitch。

 Well， your story， my friend， is the government story， right， You enjoy her taking control。

 Your story might be the police story。 You enjoy the shit because you haven't developed selftt yet。

 You haven't found a way to empower yourself。Understand。Let's keep going with the stories here。

 The object story。 Now in the object story， it's not the person in the relationship。

 but the role the relationship stands for， understand for example。

 we gotta be the happy couple on the outside， right This is our relationship。

 We gotta be the happy kick S couple。 doesn't even matter what I feel right doesn't even matter if I'm happy。

 no we gotta be the happy couple of them outside or he can also be that it's not the person but the role the person plays perfect example。

 a trophy wife， you know， the show who lets the hot girl live at his place。 know。

 So he drives around gives her all these things because again。

 she's playing the role of the hot chip for him and he's playing the role of the provider for him。

 you know it's fucking crazy or very often it's the girl who picks a complete opposite of a new boyfriend。

 We ever had that。 You know， she does that just to rebel against her ex- boyfriend or vice versa can also be the guy right。

 I remember that I was I had the fuck buddy。 and she always wanted。

relationship with me and I'm like no， I'm not gonna I told you from before。

 I set the boundaries we just fuck but it's yada yada obviously made it relatable and then it was funny because at some point she's like no。

 I dont want tona hang out with you anymore。 I don't want to fuck you sure whatever I don't gonna shit and then she would literally I would see a face like a month later like a picture with this like ultra showed So again。

 while I was the guy was too much alpha who just go get her doing shit。

 she now rebels against that and gets the beta mail show。 So again， for her。

 this guy is not even important。 It's what he's standing for for security and ninth guy and all this kind of shit Now there's also the collection story that means it's kind of funny because that's kind of what many guys doing the player in the player level finding different partners and each one of them fits into one role for example。

 the girlfriend that you can show your friends because she's awesome the girlfriend that you see once a week to fuck the brains out。

 The other girlfriend you can cry your heart out。She really understands it right or the girl has a boyfriend but still goes out and takes validation from other guys right that's super。

 super fuck and common， you know， especially in younger。

 attractive girls who literally have no idea about life you know they're just like okay well this guy rising around this guy is the guy I can show around this guy is my boyfriend and you know he's the crazy thing is I'm not even judging most of these girls is 10 percent loyal to their boyfriend they're just reassigning the validation giving role to other shows while actually being physically extremely exclusive with their boyfriend kind of funny Now that is obviously a bad kind of story if you're at the wrong end if you're one of the shows that's just there for the validation。

 However， it is good if you're on the right end right because where you're having all these different all these different roles for all these kind of different girls you know because will teach you abundance and thus you're less needy I mean。

 I'm not saying this is recommended on a super long term basis but it's very， very comfortable to be。

😊，And it's good to be in as a young dude， you know， kind of finding his preferences， you know。

 working on his game， et ceter as the guy who's in the player paradigm And again， remember。

 nothing set in stone， We're all going through phases Okay。

 so these phases can change it change slowly， but they do。The art story。

 it's interesting because it's mostly focused on physical appearance And not in terms of she needs to be so hot that I can show around like the object story。

 but much more like I like to be surrounded by something beautiful I like to look at my partner。

 no makeup。 she's sleeping and shes stare at her because she's so beautiful my partner needs to physically attract me。

 that's really important。 And I mentioned earlier。 that is definitely the story that I personally share。

 And I like kind sharing this information with you because it makes a more relatable and you can understand like I definitely think like I want my girlfriend to be pretty for me not for other guys。

 There's even people there's people who comment on the YouTube。

 And then there's other guys coming like oh my God， she's absolutely gorgeous。 most beautiful girl。

 And I'm like， yo， again， like if I would just be focused on the others。

 I would never find the right girl anyway。 So it's important for me that she's extremely pretty that she's a 10 out of 10 in my own taste physically。

 Now the house and the home story is also interesting。😊，Because this is， by the way。

 one of the most ideal relationships， if both converge together。

 if both people have the same kind of story， very good example of that。

 it basically means that an ideal relationship is like a wellted home know all is in order。

 everything is clean something to be proud of and like the house itself like the physical place to live in it's like a home base for the relationship and they'll never forget my very first girlfriend's parents had that and they were super they were together for like decades they were super happy。

 you can see they were super happy because they had their house and the house was perfect like everything was decorated perfectly they tended to the house every day like hours a day。

 they would do the garden and they would fix things and， etc ce。

s again it a perfect example of a weird kind of relationship that still works perfectly because both parties shared the exact same story。

 Now a lot less working perfectly is the story of the recovery story。😊。

This one's huge for many of us。 It's basically， you know， the fixer syndrome。

 trying to fix a girl's fucked up past， you know， becoming her psychotherapist。

 basically spending all time and energy on picking her back up。 you know。

 giving her the self-estseeem that she needs。 You're very likely that you've been in that。

 I've been in that man。 I've had it with two longter girlfriends。 that came from a fucked up past。

 fucked up social problems， fucked up psychological problems。 You know， and I'm like。

 I'll help her because I love her so much。 And It's again， it's also its crazy because。

If you are the helping person， if you're the person that helps the girlfriend recover。

 it's most likely because nobody has been there to fix yourself。In's not crazy。

 that was the same case for me。 like nobody was there to show me around。 Nobody was there to fix me。

 I wish I had that person。 So when I found that girl， I'm like， I'll be that person for her。

 You know， it's also kind of sign of low self esteem for yourself。 The crazy thing is。😊。

You can fix that by being that person yourself that is there for you。 Okay， so again。

 I was the fixtureer because nobody was there for me， not even myself。 I wasn't taking action。

 I wasn'tcapable of taking action and does want to be that person for her， you know。

 it could obviously also be that you're the guy who is being helped rather likely if you watch this video。

 you're probably in the self-development anyway， but it could be that you're the guy that has to recover from something right。

 from like lost like alcohol addiction， whatever the fuck it is and she has to help you。 Now。

 the thing is here， this shit shouldn't happen in a fucking relationship。

 You shouldn be in a relationship if you're at that stage where you need help。

 go back to the drawing board back to the for Bes。 obviously。

 right It's because you're basically in in that role because you see yourself as too weak to you know。

 make it on your own， you know， and again。😡，This barely ever works out well。

 I know you're trying to say like， oh， I can fix or I can do it。 No， okay， no， you can't。

 It usually takes years of continuous dedication。 People barely ever plow through that。

 like 99% will be able to plow through that and actually fix the fucking partner。

 And within those years， you'll be investing time and energy and maybe even money。 and it's crazy。

 And your your partner doesn't even want to be fixed because it's so weird。

 weirdly ingraining their identity。Okay， it really ends up usually at that the partner trying to help doesn't lift the other partner up。

 but the partner trying to help actually is's being traineded and pulled down on the level of the shitty partner。

 And ironically enough， if they do work out， the relationship will all of a sudden lose its meaning。

 You know， now she's fixed。 now she's ready to move on and find somebody else， you know。

 So it's again， primarily based on the past to fix it and it's just。Bad， bad， bad。

So with this bad example I to conclude part one here， I'm going to go straight into part two。

 just make it a little bit easier for you to follow， so let's go。😊。

