# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：1.当你在一段糟糕的关系中（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Right， when you're in a relationship。 that's an am rhyme I've heard。 I've been。

 I've been told by the young folks behind a camera。 So when you're in a shit relationship。

Let's talk about this right here。 Now， the first step to understand whether or not you're in a relationship that is not good is the following。

 Def your ideal relationship。What does it feel like， What does it look like。

 How often do you see the girl， et ceter， really go into details。

 And then step 2 is define your current relationship。Now， I have to say here。

 they will rarely be 100% overlap， but they should be overlapped to a great degree。Okay。

 unless the exception here is， it's not your main relationship。 If it's not your main relationship。

 then who gives a shit。 Like， if it's just some， you know， some your side hustle girl， the side ho。

 then， you know， it doesn't need to be anything close to your ideal relationship。

 But if it is your one truly amazing relationship that is supposed to be truly amazing。

 then there has to be a lot of overlap。 while not necessarily meaning there has to be 1 percent overlap now。

😊，The next point is， it's your fault。Nope， you probably didn't hear me here。 It's your fault。

 It's not her fault， not society's fault， not the fault that you're not tall enough。 It's your fault。

Yes， it's your fault。 But don't worry， this doesn't mean that you're dumb。

 doesn't mean that you're less of a man。 This， in fact。

 means only that you're representing the average guy in relationship。 Okay。

99% of the guys in relationship。On a shoe relationship and is their fault。 And that's totally okay。

 There's nothing to be worried about。 So first。Let me point you out to the MVP section in finding the right girl chapter。

 Okay， because that's the first thing that you failed at。

You never really knew what you actually wanted in a girl。

 You didn't get enough real life experience to find that out。

 You let society and the mainstream narrative do the thinking for you。 You know。

 you blindly fucking followed what they've been telling you。 And now。😡。

This is what you got in return。This is what you deserve， basically。

This is what you get for not using your brain and manning up。 But again， that's cool。

 That's 99% of the guy's relationship。 Second， by not being picky enough。

 you've got yourself a crazy and or low quality girlfriend。

 I want on point point here to the chapters on finding the right girl。

 passing her initial tests and testing her。😊，He， you fail at watching and implementing those or implementing them naturally。

 Okay， You had no idea what you've gotten yourself into。 You realize that too slowly。

 What kind of girl you're dealing with here。 You know， like a frog who's。

 who's being thrown into solely boiling water。 You realize it like kinda until it's too late you never。

 you never gave her any boundaries。 You know， she lost all respect。

 And then she lost all the attraction for you。 You gave a free range to manipulate you。

 You ended up with the exact girl that you fucking deserve， Not better。 but also not worse。 And now。

This is not unfair。 It's just biology。 Understand that it's not only the environment that influences you。

 but you're influencing your environment by you picking the people， quote unquote， the wrong people。

 the wrong girlfriend to hang out in your life。You are in this environment now， because you chose to。

You chose to maybe actively。 but most of the time， you chose to be in this。In this environment。

 inactiveively， passively， by not taking the proper action by just letting it happen。

 So let me tell you the following。 Here's what you can do now。 O， really have to say。

 sorry for being a dick here。 I was once there myself。 you know。

 and I could have saved myself a lot of pain。 A lot of regret。 A lot of time and energy you wasted。

 had someone been there to wake me up。 Had someone been real with me。

 So I'm trying to be real here with you by being a dick。 So I apologize。 Don't take it personally。

 Havet see it as a little bit of a wake up call when I say it's your fault。

 and you failed to here and you fell there and you failed there。 Okay， yo。

At least I got the lesson for me， personally， at least you're getting the lesson right now。

 And at the end， I guess it was necessary。 So here's the solution for you。Man， the fuck up。Man。

 the fuck up。What does that mean？It means that manning the fuck up literally is 100% of the solution。

And however， that manifests that man the fuck up is your choice。

 You can man the fuck up and break up with her。 It's possible。 It's potentially a very good choice。

 If you're in a shit relationship， You can also man the fuck up and thus choose to reattract her。

 Shi the power into more balanced position right now。 It's very likely to be on her side The power。

 And that's also a good choice。 I don't know your relationship。 I don't know what's going on。

 And remotely just giving you this one fits it all kind of advice to yeah， you should break up。

 That's the best idea。I's a little difficult。 And I wouldn't be able to， to justify that honestly。

 What I can do， though， is 100% say manning the fuck up is the right choice here。 However。

 that manifest is your choice。 So manning up also means learning to take responsibility。

 learning to make decisions instead of waiting for someone else to do it。

 So when you're in a shit relationship， Don't wait for it to just figure itself out。 In fact。

 you're only gonna get deeper into it。 Okay， you're only gonna sink deeper。

 This is some fucking quickand situation here。 if you're not choosing a path。

 and then you walk down that fucking path and commit to it。 you're gonna never get out。 okay。

 really have to say that This program literally teaches you to man the fuck up。

 So you're in the best possible position to learn that already。 I'm happy about that， right。

 chapter is like the fourbes for a million time， finding the right girl attracting the girl。

 passing our initial shit test， testing her， they're all powerful allies in your journey。

To manning the fuck up， okay， so if you do choose to break up with her。

 you can watch the extra chapter of that too， because I also have that powerful ally for you。

But either way， manning up， understanding the dynamics。

 understanding where you want to get in life and how you're gonna get there is crucial is essential。

 Waitting time is over。 You've clicked on this video， either because you're just， you know。

 curious or you're actually in a shit relationship。 If you're actually in a shit relationship。

 it's time to fucking act on that。 Okay， it's time to fucking act。 And I understand。😡。

You feeling resistance， right？ You want things to stay the way they are。 I understand。 I understand。

 You don't want to man up。 You don't want to redefine your manliness。 I know， dude。

 you're holding on to a shitty relationship， A shitty identity。

 because your whole sense of self is connected to it。 I understand。

 You might be sharing a apartment with a girl， You share friends with her， You know。

 who are you going to be when all this is over。 What are the friends gonna say。

 What am I going to say， mom and dad。 What I'm gonna to say to my family。

 What am gonna to say to her family。 All that is fuck scary。 I know。

 I understand you've shared a life and all that shit。 There's a lot of shit at stake， It's scary。

 But you know what， You know what else is scary。😡，Spending the rest of your life in a cage。

The rest of your life not being free。K knowing could have done better。

 wondering where you could be if you ever had the balls to break out of that。 That's fucking scary。

 my friend。 that's fucking scary。 Is that where you want to go。

 Do you want to stay in this for the rest of your life。

 Be beaten down by circumstances being in a shit environment。

 subconsciously or consciously knowing that you created that environment。

 Is that what you want to do， Well， that is the alternative to not taking action， Under。 Well。

 it is the alternative to taking action as the result of not taking action。 Okay。

 that is the result of keeping， waiting and not knowing anything。 Okay， that is the result。😡，But。

What。😡，Could your future look like？Let's try to end a little bit on a brighter note here。

 because this is what your future could look like。 If you do decide to man up。

 take action and walk down the path that you're laying out in front of yourself。

You can wake up next to a beautiful girl， a girl that you truly adore。

 a girl that you truly wholeheartedly love that you feel attracted to。😊。

A girl that you feel inspired by， a girl that gives you energy。

 a girl that makes you feel like a man。 And you clearly know that this environment of joy， happiness。

 support， fun。😊，Epicness， amazing sex is an environment that you've created with your own two hands。

I always like the idea of Lu of of winning the lottery and never having the work a single day of my life again。

 I always like that until I man the fuck up。 And now I'm like。

Somebody would give me a billion dollars。 I wouldn't be happy， man。

 Ca I'd be much happier with maybe 10000 dollars， maybe $10000， maybe a million dollars。

 But knowing that I've created that myself， knowing that this environment right here。😊。

It gives me a lot of joy。That that that is something that I love to move in is an environment that I've created。

 That is the true art。 That is where true happiness lies in。😊，What's it gonna be？

ALife of imprisonment， not being free， knowing that the environment that a shit that you're in is something that you've created or being an environment of happiness。

 being inspired of a truly hot and amazing girlfriend that is lying next to you。

Which one sounds better。 This one is the path of never doing anything and keeping in your comfort zone。

 This one in the path is the path of manning the fuck up and creating it yourself a little discomfort in there。

 A little bit of a journey。But is it worth it？You tell me。

