# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：3.一夫一妻制：4.三人组（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Okay， three sums let's go Let's talk about it and I have to say I'm gonna assume now that you clicked on this video because you want to have the girl boy girl threesome not the other kind however some guys actually like seeing their girlfriend being fucked by another guy and it's a huge turn on for them usually those guys tend to have a very weird story but I ain't gonna judge you know Max catching back luck you because both kind of three ways。

 the boy girl boy and the girl boy girl girl three sums they're both going pretty much down in the same way so I'm gonna to focus on girl boy girl here but the same lessons apply for boy girl boy that is what you want now but I ain't judging now there's basically three options you can go ahead with the three sum Now number one is she brings along another person number two is you bring along another person number three both of you are going out and hunt。

All few of them have a lot in common so definitely watch the entire chapter if you' only after one of these still watch everything here because yeah。

 they have a lot in common and you can profit from either one now let's start with the mindset of having or threesome obviously most important thing right off the bat when it comes to mindset is none judgment all the way and second of all。

 it must be based on fun okay so many guys。this is something I see everybody doing fundamentally wrong so many guys try to pressure the girl into fucking another girl together with them and it literally takes away all the fun there's pressure instead of non judgment and there's。

Pressure instead of fun， really， think about it like that。

 Like you can't have any of those two things。 No pressure and you can't have any judgment in there。

 I mean， fucking， you know， look at it。 How did you get to fuck your girlfriend for the first time。

 How did you do that， Did you successfully pressure into it， You know。

 you need to have sex with me right now， You know， this is what people do， Godma， it's totally fair。

 Like， give me a break， man， ask yourself right now。

 What state was your girlfriend in when you guys fuck for the first time。

 It was probably something like fun， aroused， it was a spontaneous frame full of good emotions。

 It was probably the climax of an epic night out on epic date right， that that was probably it， Well。

 there you go， So what makes you the fuck thing， You can just be like， hey， on a fuck other girls。

 You must do this Because otherwise， you're not a good girlfriend what makes you think that is okay。

Here's the thing too so it's the mindset also I want to add to here's the thing too many times girls are very quick in agreeing for the actual threesome you know and the guys all like oh cool we're gonna have fuck with the girls that suit you know thats suit and you know now we're gonna do it but from agreeing to it to actually doing the actual work of fucking another girl there's still a long ways in the fucking t okay。

Really gotta realize that then also because she agreed the guy goes full on logic mode is completely neglecting the game part of it。

 you know he starts pressuring her， He tries to be a logic like so why don't we go there throughsome you know schedule it there's some bullshit and it starts even more pressure like I said and at all this thing and it she will be like it just doesn't feel like it right now it just doesn't feel right I don't feel like it because there's no gaming it because for the grounds always an emotional decision。

 it's an emotional decision to'll have sex with you so it's just as much an emotional decision to have sex with you and another girl probably even more Okay I understand so even if she agrees to it take it with a grain of salt and make sure to game her all the way up to the actual threesome make it fun make it epic make it unapologetic。

 make it spontaneous etc many， many girls actually have pantasies about other girls I mean look at them look at other girls hot girls just so wonderful。

to look at even for heterosexual women， heterosexual woman could be， okay。

 this God is highly attractive， You know， I mean。Look at us who wants to look at another man like Harry。

 disgusting fatass， you know， like K like girls want to look at girls much more than they look at guys even as heterosexuals you know and also for a girl fooling around with another girl is totally nothing special It has like probably already happened at some point at least once to the girl like ask any girl I mentioned earlier。

 ask any girl how many times has she kissed another girl has she ever kissed another girl has she ever kissed another girl sober they're almost all saying yes。

 no matter how Madonna they are right？So let's talk about the options Okay option number one。

 she brings along another person she brings along the other girl。 Now when that happens。

 congratulations， you know， you've become so cool that the girl clearly wants the other girl to experience you as well you know if that happens。

 it's no big deal don't freak out you know， please don't start like taking pictures and don't brag about it。

 it's no big deal there's two girls， that's great honey cool Yeah。

 let's do it It has some fun remember you're in for a fucking long run Okay and this kind of like immature behavior of like bragging about it like selfie and she like Google but go for I won't make the girls do it again So you want to have more obviously not just one right again。

 unless they like it unless they like let's take pictures and she' like that but so just socially calibrate。

 don't be on calibrated。And if that happens obviously enjoy the ride let the girls do their thing since she brought her I assume they you know they kind of get along pretty well already so they'll probably be busy with each other。

 spike their emotions to be part of it know many guys think because this girl brought the other girl over they have it all figured out all the girls the girls are gonna do everything now you know so they can just lean back it doesn't always need to be like that it could be that many girls like the fantasy of fuck into other people you know but often they become a little weird a little insecure when it comes to the actually transitioning to this sexual practice so if you feel that that's happening then game them both know you're an advanced player who transition into the boyfriend so you know how to game girls game them both tell them how pretty they are if you feel that they're a little helpless feel free to tell them what to do like I love this like pervy porn director vibe like really like I go full on Per I'm like okay let you guys kiss each other Oh my god check out her ass。

Let's look at her ass Yes back that Yeah like that Oh yeah like shit like that go full on Perbydirect mode if if you feel like it helps the girls because otherwise they're helpless if they're full on about each other already。

 then enjoy the ride， join them in and don't know need to like overly direct things okay also this applies for all kinds of three sum ideally you start with your girlfriend if it's weird if things are weird。

 start making it out with your girlfriend it makes you more comfortable it makes your girlfriend more comfortable it turns the girl on seeing you guys make out and then similar to the how to train your girlfriend chapter。

 use positive reinforcement on both girls if you want them to further escalate on each other so again you start with the girl that's very easy and then it can say she like oh my God I love how everybodys so spontaneous here I love how we're all just having fun and just you know and enjoying the moment people should be in the moment like this much more often。

Okay and yeah and then you can transition to another girl， have them make out with each other， etc。

 etc ce the details I'm pretty sure you get them Also what I want to add here is don't ask the girl she has a boyfriend and all kinds of shit does play fuck like anything that makes her feel uncomfortable don't do it just enjoy the ride it's not a big deal it's wonderful it's fun and it's lighthearted crazy cool experience know do ask her however what kind of stuff she's into the big thing here is if you ask her super nonchalant and it's like totally natural way for you and also totally natural for your girlfriend to talk about know the feelings that you're feeling and your preferences she will feel that also know she' like oh so what you like so I know my girlfriend loves like lick balls a lot like yeah I don't like that I also impacted course what do you like if you're both your new girlfriend are very nonchalant about that the second girl the third person will also jump on that and it's just super down and then you guys can communicate and you can give her that experience too？

You know， it's basically like you together， you're creating this new type of reality where all the things that she's ever dreamed of。

 all these kinky little fantasy。They can now become real。 They can now become。 No， that's it。

 That is your fantasy。 They can now become alive。 Now Let's look at the other option。

 you bring in along of the second girl。 pour here， communication first。 Okay。

 don't you fuck and show up with another ho， like， hey， honey， this is the girl。 shes， the fuck。

 So what I would do is out the way I would bring it up to my girlfriend is。

s by her emotions treat her well obviously and then tell her about your plans。

 like hey had this plan。 there's this girl。 she really likes you or she might be down b bla let's do it that way again。

 make it relatable don't be like I want to fuck another horror you know they'll be like no this's girl it would be super epic we would like share the girl and focus on you and stuff like that we can do the thing that you've always dreamed up make it relatable and make sure she's comfortable with that and then you can bring along the other girl now high self-esteem girls with a high sex drive there's a high chance she's down after talking to her about that openly with non-apologeticness you got to be nonapologetic when you come up with that not like well really kind of would have fuck another girl maybe'll be like yeah I want fuck other girl it's gonna be epic with's stupid it baby Yeah if she's truly high selfesteem and she's a high sex drive then it's gonna be very very likely that it actually works。

Now when you're picking next the second girl， involving a girl as much as possible。

 show her pictures pictures of the other girl， tell her about her。

 tell her what you like about the girl， this is really key what attitude she has what she does what you particularly like about her don't say she like well she has big fucker that's not something a girl cares about okay make it relatable。

 tell her about the girl， maybe have them call each other text each other etc cetera， eta。

 add them each other on their Instagram afraid of mine my coaches actually if you have the more the higher versions of this program。

 the platinum version all of my coaches are giving highqu relationship manifestos they're all extremely in detail you can enjoy them and one of my coaches does that he would invite both girls on an Instagram group chat so they can check out each other Instagram they can like each other's photos and they kind of chat back and forth and then he invites the other chat to fuck his girlfriend right and that's really really cool。

Again you can always upgrade to the higher tier versions of the girlfriendend game program if you don't have that and maybe we'll add a link here that shows you where you can click on that or it shows you where you can go to upgrade that and so tell her what turns you on about that girl and make it re for your girl and basically include her as much as you can include your girlfriend into that process of inviting to other girls much as you can and yeah so the thing is here oftentimes your girl or both girls will want to meet on any non-pressure meeting first and that is totally okay that is totally okay if you really think about it it's the exact same frame under which a regular one on one pole date situation usually happens you know girl is not gonna be like oh I'm gonna go home and fuck she's gonna be like oh I'm just gonna meet him to go shopping for coffee for drinks you know Har Dip we' just gonna do that and I'm sure is how often enough you guys end up fucking but that's the premise under which they meet no pressure all the way。

All nice all low key right and it's the same with three sums now all good when they want to meet on a low pressure meeting first get both girls to come their casual meeting no problem ideally that casual meeting is already at home you know drink some wine。

 cook watch a movie， do whatever the fuck or somewhere that is very close like the coffee place the little bar that is very close to the premises so you can pull right away from there。

😊，From there once the two girls meet it's literally like any regular date。

 but with two girls you spike their emotions， establish an nonjudgmental frame， talk very openly。

 like live by example how non-judgmental you are in your own life then escalate step by step pull them first if you're not at the sex location yet escalate step we will be talking more about pulling in the next one about how to go hunting together again escalate step by step。

 always remember to keep the good vibes up especially both girls will feel that if the good vibes are not there。

 you got to keep the good vibes up most of the time though the girls will just be on one wavelength they'll have a good time anyway but you can just facilitate sprinkleling some good vibes every now and then when you deem it to be necessary and honestly if it doesn't work at the first time no problem like especially when you got the girls to make out and turn each other on it's very unlikely that it's not gonna happen So once step're making out of each other it's like 90% chance that you're all gonna end up fucking but if it doesn't work for whatever reason because one of the girls freaks out don't worry about it。

Not a big deal， you can always go back to that， you can always go with another girl。

 same as any other type of abundance that is just as much of an abundance as well okay now let's talk about the next option here。

 which is you're both going out to hunt you and your girlfriend together 18 dream team going to fuck other hoes now obviously first and foremost want you to establish the we frame。

Okay， it's not you who's getting to fuck another girl which is a very low self-esteem bullhe to come from it's a wonderful fun and adventurous experience for the two of you as a couple goddam it okay it's a goddamn fucking lovely fucking experience okay so don't you think that you're gonna to know the girl。

 it's a beautiful fucking lovely experience okay and when you go out game your girlfriend first push her into state。

 she will do most of the work once she's in state girls are not good at getting themselves in state girls are not good at being in the kind of hunting position but once you get her in state once you take that work off once she's in state she's gonna do everything natural girls are fucking masters in attracting other people that's all she does being a nice girl and knowing how to be attractive that's all she does okay that's all she knows to do so give her that get her into that space where she's able to full on deploy her female game okay now again。

 she will not be used to gaming。So you need to make sure her emotions are spiked， okay。

 make her feel pretty and all that shit， you know， go dance with her。

 let her collect some validation by others once she's in that zone。It's gonna be very very good。

 She's gonna to deploy a female game。 It's a little different from male game。

 We'll talk more about this in a second， but get her in that mode。

 It's your responsibility Let's talk about screening because not every girl will be down for the shit and that's cool It's not like well my girlfriend's really hard so we're able to get any3 so no you gotta fucking screen the shit out of every girl you meet and make sure she's actually in the girls merge people around bring them into different groups。

 your girl will be very likely to screen better than you because her social calibration is the bomb and that's all a girl does because guys come up there all the time so she's able to screen the guy So when she's able to screen the girl you can trust her judgment very very well What you can do though when you meet another girl together with your girlfriend say shit like oh this is my girlfriend you like her do you think she's pretty have a make out with each other like if the girl is already like if you screen the girl for being available in case she doesn't have a boyfriend if you bring the girl in a position where she doesn't feel judged by her friends and then she's ready to make out with a girl all these。

A great signs that she's ready to go home with you and fuck them right now if she's not like oh。

 I never kissed girls， I don't do that Oh my god you're a couple Why are you talking to me that kind of girl that's not good like that's the screening basically results in like no she ain't fucking ready okay she's not fucking ready so you got to screen the girl how hard you girl is she has she ever kissed another girl how cool is she with you and your girlfriend quote unquote hitting on her if all that green light。

 then she's good to go let's talk about approaching here in general if you're approaching with your girlfriend this is the way how to do it。

Obviously， you first， if possible， okay， girls smell。

 they smell it miles away if you're you know sending in your girlfriend because you don't have the ball to approach yourself。

 You need to fucking approach。 Okay， this is so key。 Now if you just send in your girlfriend。

 oftentimes your girlfriend will hook the other girl right and you just like the showed who's like also there like hey。

 I'm her boyfriend and she's like， who's this boyfriend Batam milk， so you need to approach first。

 Okay now what you can do though， is you can go in， you can approach the girl。

 you can reach a social hook point and then get the girlfriend in again， like once the girls okay。

 this guy's little j's not a creep now you can get in your girlfriend and that's value fucking explosion。

 Okay you can even do that if the set is just about to die down。 get the girlfriend in。

 the social proof will just help the shit out of you but it doesn't work if the set is already down if the set is already down and you bring in your girlfriend too late。

The girlfriend will feel the energy dip and you can't do it that often if you continuously bring it into broken sets your girlfriend state will go down as well and it won't work so again you approach reach a social hook point。

 let your girlfriend come in then or if you feel like the set might be able to die down soon get your girlfriend in but if the set is already unrescuable down。

 don't get your girlfriend in instead leave it a high note。

 don't worry about it and then go talk to other host okay。

Now let's talk about escalating and pulling。 I mentioned a little bit already Now girls have killer game when it comes to spiky emotions。

 you know once they're in state they're super good at that。

 they're super good at having a good time yada yada。

 but they have no fucking idea about escalating very rarely a girl knows how how to escalate because again a girl's role is always passive hoping that the guy escalates giving them a lot of signs so you need to train your girl to fucking pull and go for it okay you need to fucking do that so when you're pulling the second girl with her you need to be like okay baby I'm gonna suggest the poll I'm gonna say hey you know let's go to the pizza let's go home and you need to agree with me we both need to be the facilitating forces here I understand that you're not used to be the facilitating force as a girl but when we're pulling a third girl together or a second girl then you have to be here with me you need to be able to fucking make it happen okay that's how you got to train the girl to do that。

On top of that， I would add the tonightight doesn't count frame that's really， really key because。

Imagine for the next girl for the second girl that you're getting in。

 it's this magical fairy tale today。 you know whatever happens will never really happen again。

 You know， it's especially important for that next girl because going home with a couple is way way slutier than going home with just a random guy right So the frame of today doesn't count tonight is a fairy tale can completely destroy any sort of slut shaming that might come up especially if your girlfriend is trained super well in that too。

 So again， nonjudgmental fun all the way and tonight doesn't count it's so crazy one is crazy adventure。

 def fuckinging you helped herpe。 Yeah right， that's the kind of frame you want to come from Now when the girl starts when the new girl。

 this is really nuts。 when the new girl starts conspiring with your girl against you。 you know。

 they are like slightly teasing you， they talking to each other they like like him。😊。

Lean back you've made it when they like each other so much they're kind of having a good time and they're making fun of other people。

 including you a little bit。 lean back。 you've made it。 They're full unconect。

 It's highly likely that the new girl is gonna go home with you guys and let them do it Don't overly comesy big fool lean back and just be like half an hour from now。

 you're both gonna be suck my dick。 we're gonna have a fucking good time we're gonna fuck each other shit out cant wait for that so again that's a good sign two girls like conspiring in a playful manner against you now seat the pool。

 This is something we talk a lot about in the natural like oh hey maybe my girlfriend we're gonna go grab some pizza。

 we're gonna listen to some music。 We're gonna go have drinks in our place we're gonna go drink fucking cocktails see the pool mention it keep vibing around 20 minutes。

30 minutes later actually go for the again hey guys， let's go outside。

 let's go get that pizza now let's let's。Come with us。 It's a little weird。 Let us go。

 let us do this。 All these concepts are explained in great detail in the natural。

 It's the same as pulling a single girl and as I said。

 train your girlfriend to jump on the poll immediately when you say hey guys。

 let's go have drinks graphic like that's the excellent idea yeah let's go what it does is when you and your girlfriend agree to that will give the other girl the feeling of oh yeah we're all agreeing on that we're all agree the group decided So that's the way you actually go for pull together with your girlfriend Now again。

 this is some really epic stuff from the natural it's a program which I highly recommend you getting since you'll pull like super consistently with these things that are in the natural just scratch the surface here the natural goes a lot deeper on that in the context of pulling any girls in general with infield footage in camera infield footage and all that we're gonna add here if you want to get it you can get100 off because you have this program and this program and the natural and also fearless you have these three it's the killer best fucking combination you can ever get。

I so I highly recommend it。Now let's talk about the actual act of fucking the other girl together again。

 communication first with your girl This is really really key like how far is okay to go how far you okay to go okay my buddy Eddiedie and his girlfriend they pulled another girl and they both stucked this dick together but she was too uncomfortable to watch him like pound away I'm another pussy so you gotta communicate that first you know it's out of courtesy know hey baby what are the things you want to see me doing is there anything you we shouldn't do and again if you treat your girlfriend well if she's high self-estseeem if she has a high sex drive she's like go ahead fuck the girl I want to fuck her two use condoms yada yada so also here f so if she's not okay with certain things respected to a degree okay you're in for the long run let her emotionally adjust to certain things when she's starting out it's sometimes also she's a little nervous' like what are we gonna do etc etc ce respected if she has certain wishes like don't fuck without a condom hurt it dirt obviously。

Okay， and again， talk about things now again， rules， condoms， blow jobs， puy licking。

 whatever the rules are， set them straight also for her if there's anything you're worried about and always when you're fucking always always always engage your girlfriend so many I mean。

😡，So fucking many girls I've talked to about threesome experiences that they have that they've had in the past they said like oh。

 you know my boyfriend just started completely ignoring me and just fucking this other girl you know again like a low self-esteem guy would just literally just like he feels like it's some sort of free pass to fuck another girl again why did I say in the beginning a threesome is this beautiful。

 wonderful together activity and the guy was just completely ignoring his girlfriend to fucking another girl。

 he's not gonna have a freesome again， he's not in for the fucking long one it's completely low self-esteem choiness scarcity thinking So if you engage your girlfriend in the sex as much as possible。

 he's gonna be psyched about it and you guys are gonna have way more threesomes more and more in the future right it should always be this together activity okay in fact。

 the first couple times where you fucking another girl with your girlfriend just fucking have the other girl work on your girlfriend like give your girlfriend this extremely positive reference。

Experience of fucking together。 And for her， you'll always end up wanting more。

 You understand you're in for the fucking long run。 You're in for the fucking long run。

 If youre focus on your girlfriend first， she's getting this like pleasurable orgasm after orgasm。

 she's always going be like，y， let's have another threesome。 Oh my God， let's have more。

 It's amazing that way。You can have more threesomes and as many as you can handle。That being said。

That's how you get a p throughsome， I hope you enjoy it， definitely let us know how it goes and G。

