# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：11.我不确定她是否还喜欢我

Okay， I'm not sure she likes me。 I'm not sure she still likes me。This video will answer that for you。

She doest not just kidding first of all， a gigantic part of attraction is assuming attraction actually really funny Now。

 this is not just some like weird woo concept like just， you know。

 just assume it and the magical affair， No， no， what happens when you assume attraction number one。

 you go for it。If you're like this girl is going like me， you approach her right。

 makes sense so far you agree， right， the fun enough。

 it's always rather the guy who's going for it than the guy who's high value but does take action who ends up getting the girl。

I can be as high value as I want if I don't approach the girl， I can never make shit happen。

Never remember the girl's role in this whole mating spel is very， very passive。

 So all she can do is just be like， yes or no。 You know what I'm saying。

 like she can hope that the tall six foot stud with the business and the chisel jawline and the Six pack。

 who's got really amazing life approaches her。 She can hope that he approaches her。😊，Yeah they。

I'm the one who approaches her and I'm still in my game and I'm the one who gets her unless the guy also takes action。

 But even then I can still I game him the thing is that you have to assume attraction and when you assume attraction。

 itll take action approach and from there， you're ready greatly increase your your chances of actually succeeding with the girl right now if you're going for the kiss。

 if you're going for the pull， if you're going for the decision to make her your girlfriend。

 obviously after very thorough testing right， then your chances are much fucking higher to get her。

 then the guy who never does any of that So go for any of these things ask yourself。

This is really key。 Ask yourself， is there any specific objective sign that tells me right now that she doesn't like me。

Or。This is just all in my head。 really， many times we' just like girlsaw texting back。

 She probably fucks another guy。 that it't mate。 she doesn'。 Maybe she doesn't man。

 the end of the day you even know， work with the specific signs that you have。

 And if you're look at it， like， there is no specific sign right now。

 I'm just assuming that she doesn't like me。 So That's why I think she doesn't like me。

 But there is no specific sign。 really， much of it is just you being in your head。 right。

 You have in your own head up your colon on。Have you ever seen a typical douge bag， you know。

 a socialpath scoring the hottest， most beautiful girl。 Well， that's because his， you know。

 disability because of that disability， he doesn't even have a selfconscious thoughts。

 He's literally too retarded to be selfconscious。 Thus， he's just going for it。 Thus。

 he's getting the girl， That's socialopath game。 Why do all the socialpath through Sps get the girl because they're too dumb to be selfconscious。

😊，It's that fucking simple， So you can thumb yourself down a little bit just， go hurt me。

 I'm just go go approach me， go rap Now let's go to the next point in case you do see real objective reasonss。

😊，Guess what just because there's reasons doesn't mean that she ultimately doesn't like you。

 The good news is if she's still there， then you're good to go。 So go for it。 the natural。

 You hurt me saying shit like the biggest Ioi indicator of interest。

 a girl can ever give you is she still there。 She doesnt need to laugh at your joke。

 She doesn't need to smile。 She doesn't need to ask your shit back。 She's still fucking there。

 She could walk off。 she could slap you， she could run away， She could drag another guy here。

 She's still there。 So you got at least a little bit of a chance。 and again。

 assume that she's attracted。 You automatically go for it and then things happen much easier。

And guess what。If you do get rejected， what really did you lose？First of all。

 you can be extremely fucking proud that you did it sick of all， you don't have to wonder oh。

 what would have happened if I had done it and third of all you can even take that rejection S feedback and use it for something to learn like oh。

 well， I did kind of suck at this now maybe I'll do the approach next time better right now I'm going to show you a little screenshot here。

Because it's really， really important for the next point is my favorite。

 this guy says and he posts also on Facebook， he's like。Never， so I asked like。

 what's your biggest problem in attaining a high quality girlfriend and he replied。

 never trusting that she actually liked me， thereby making it a self fulfilling prophecy。

And that's really， really fucking true。 if you assume she likes you。

 it's going to become a self fulfilling prophecy。 You take action and it will。

 it will be much more likely to work。 If you assume she doesn't like you。

 it will literally become a self fulfilling prophecy。

 It's the most classic way of self sabotaging your own self。

 your low self esteem self Deep down inside。 you feel you don't deserve the girl。

And by something that we call confirmation bias， right？

Basically means we always tend to recreate and reconfirm a reality because of that。

 you reconfirm that reality， that inner a real reality that you're not good enough and you getting yourself rejected。

 The girl gave you a chance。 You fucking missed it because it became a self fulfilling prophecy。

 How to fix that。Number one， generally， the four Bes。Becoming yourself self reant first。

 becoming sex worthy， becoming deep， becoming loveworthy， right。

 This just generally working on that is going to be the best fucking option for you now specifically。

Prove yourself wrong。This takes a while and it takes a lot of work to gather all those proofs。

 but it's definitely worth it right， basically you basically need to show yourself that the opposite of what's in your insecure head。

Is actually true， You think you don't deserve it。 gather reference experiences。

 Well you do deserve it。 and then change that， change that reality。

 that is deeply embedded in you on a constant fucking basis。 Okay， that means on a micro level。

 for example， Let me give you an easy to understand Jim example。 Okay， you think you're weak。

 and you can't do it， right， You have to Jamie like， well， I can lift the 10 kilo dumbbells。

 but I can't do the 12 kilo。 I I don't think so。 I've always been doing the 10 kilo bones， right。

 you pick up a heavier way。 You go ahead， pick up the 12 kilos。 Just slightly heavier。

Lift that and many times you'll be surprised actually holy shit。 I was able to lift that。

 You always end up lifting much more than you think it is。

 And then you see the limitations are only in your head。 And now boom Shakaaka。

 you've proven yourself wrong。 Now， embed that into your new reality。 Okay， basically。

 any tiny increase in weight。 right， anything that you're lifting a little more is proving yourself otherwise。

 Now on a macro level， let's look it that on a macro level。

 I'll give you an example of myself also from the gym。😊，I never thought I was strong。

 I never thought I was a strong dude。 I had an older brother。 He was always stronger right。

 He always beat me。 I was always the weakest and the shortest in school， you know。

 fucked my class all this time。 this shit got confront all the way to the military where I was always I was the second shortest guy I was one of the weaker ones etc ce。

 I started lifting after the military right just first to just get fit but then I just know increase the weight I had proper workout routine exercise plan。

 etc ce。 And after a couple months， I'd see the first guys just lift less than 90。 I would be like。

 oh look you just squatted 70 kilograms。 Well I'm at 90 now and Id look at the guy I'm like in my reality I would always think I got like this is stronger because my reality was so deep embedded that I'm not strong。

 but I'm like wait a minute I know I lift more So slowly but steadily I gathered these reference experiences。

 these new reality， these new proofs I put them in my head and now I know yeah after recreating you know my fucking reality I know now that I am actually。

😊，Sng guy and that's pretty interesting Now， the cool thing is same example goes for nines and tens。

 extremely Hawk girls every time I was about to bail out before approaching the 10。

Right every time I was about like， oh， I didn't deserveer。 she's reserve up for the tall guest today。

 I told myself， you know what， just try it out。 I mean， see what's the word up or get rejected。

 get a little lesson there， Just try it out。 Go ahead， So I did try it out。And you know what。

 I got rejected a bunch of times， of course， like any other girls。

 But every time I ended up attracting her， I ended up going on a date with her。

 I ended up fucking her， whatever I made， whatever I made happen， I made for sure。

 fucking I mean for mother fucking sure that I would be able to recall that back in my brain if I'm about to bail out again。

 So every ten that I meet now， I'm like。😡，Well， I fucked a bunch of tens writing。 Remember， bro， you。

 yo， yo， wake up your new reality。 dude。 Oh yeah， yeah。 I always shit。

 I am the guy who fucks a lot of tans。 Great， Alright， cool， let's do it。 And that way。

 I'm gathering proof continuously that I am indeed， a guy who deserves that。😊，Makes sense。

 You can create your own reality。 That is the essence of the fourbes。

 and what you should do whenever you feel like the girl is not into you or the girl is not into you anymore。

 Hope this help to you， Gji。