# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：3.一夫一妻制：3.开放的关系她有其他男人（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Okay， so we're gonna talk about three sums in the next video。

 I didn't want to mention the following here because we've talked about open relationships。

 You fucking other girls。 But let's talk about open relationships， her fucking other guys。

 as you talked about earlier， you need to be okay with giving her that freedom， too。

 you need to be 100 percent， okay with that。 Now， interestingly enough once you give her that freedom。

And're like baby， I'm fucking all these other girls， if you want to go fuck some dude， you know。

 go ahead。Once that happens， interesting enough。It happens much rare。

 much more rarely for girls to actually execute on that。

 to actually go ahead and fuck other guys Now if you really think about it though。

 it's not even that surprising because number one， women don't want to expose themselves to slut shaming。

I mean， remember how I said people will most likely judge you when you fuck other girls。 like。

 imagine that for a girl， imagine her being shamed。 Oh my God。

 like that is a who Like girls don't want to explode themselves that Christs sake for them。

 It's just not worth of it。 Also， number two， it's a lot of， you know， mayhem。

 it's a very chaotic period of time for the girl to to be， you know。

 like to put herself out there to meet all these guys to go on a date。

 like sitting seriously every single time。 a girl meets a guy on a date。

 She will at least spend one thought on what if he's a mass murder。 and I'm gonna die。 You know。

 there's a lot， there's a lot at stake for the girl when she goes ahead and meets another guy。

 much wanted for us for us， nothing's at stake。 man， we the fuck or we don't for the girl。 It's like。

 I either fucking me to really cook guy or maybe he fucking rapes me and murders me。 You know。

 So again， for girl having that freedom。It many times she'll never actually act on it。

 So just as you know， just so you know， just FY I， okay， and also， interestingly enough。

 the more freedom you give your a woman， the more she will want to stay with you。This is， by the way。

 only possible for high self-esteem women。 if you give a low self-esteem woman freedom。

 especially when she has specific love stories， for example。

 like the fantasy love story that you need to be perfect Prince charming， et ceter。

 if you give those kind of low selfestseeem women， a lot of freedom。

 they will interpret that freedom as he doesn't care about me fucked up。 So again。

 you'll automatically bind young woman closer to you by giving her that freedom because now she wants to even more Now。

 let's talk about how do you deal with that。 how do you deal with your woman fucking another guy if that ever happens。

Number one。You're low self eseem and you get jealous， that is a possibility。

 so it's important to ask yourself if you're jealous， if you have the jealous kind， ask yourself why。

 why are you getting jealous？This is， by the way， never an issue that can be fixed seeking answers outwards。

 the answers are only inwards， okay， why are you feeling jealous， followow the trail of wise。

And you'll notice as probably something like the falling that。In some areas of your life。

 you feel inferior。 You feel inferior to other guys。 And that is why are you feeling jealous。

 You know， this guy makes more money。 This guy's better looking。 This guy's taller。

 This guy's higher up the some fucking social hierarchy。 This guy has a bigger dick。

 You are literally only jealous because you're insecure。😡，That means for you。Back to the four Bes。

 you know， you've gotten into a relationship way too early or you've gotten into a relationship that is polygamous way too early。

 And that is why you're jealous。 You're jealous because you feel in fear to some other guy。

 So let's really think about the following。 We've had the queen analogy。 If you remember。

 Let's talk about the king analogy。 The king analogy helps you establish the right frame and points into the right direction of the kind of thinking that you want to arrive at eventually if you're feeling jealous。

😊，King analogies is the following， you are the king of this kingdom。

You're the king in your relationship， the other guys are the gestureheads， you know， the fools。

 the village idiots， you're the king。So does it really bother you as the king who was the fucking ruler of the realm and your girl you know。

 has some little， some little adventure with the fucking gesture head at some point。

 does it really bother you then？You know， imagine you high selfesteem yourself。

 You're truly on your journey。 You will not be fucking faced by it。 You feel good。

 You live the fucking king analogy。 Imagine your truly high selfesteem。

 You've gone through the for becomings。 Your love and fucking life。

 Everything is epic you're in abundance。 You love your girlfriend。

 You will fucking live that king analogy。 You'll be a living embodiment of it。😡，At the very。

 very top of this specter where you' truly abundant。

 truly happy with your life and with your relationship， no matter if she fuck other guy or not。

 if you're truly at the top of this specter。You're happy。You're truly happy when she cheats on you。

 Number one， you're happy for her because she gets to feel wanted by another guy。

 She feels loved by another guy to a degree， you know。

 she also gets to live out somewhere her fantasies with somebody else， whatever those fantasies are。

 You're also happy for the guy。😊，I mean， you get the fuck stunner and last but not least even half for yourself。

Because someone takes off you know the work off you。So again。

IfYou truly think you're the living abandonbodiment of the king。You'll be happy。This。

 for your information， FYI only happens when you can truly detach your ego from any sort of conquering women thought or。

 you know， owning your girlfriend thought， you're not owning your girlfriend， by the way， you don't。

Okay， very， very， very， very few extreme alpha males walk around in that very state where they say I'm happy。

 And for my girlfriend， I'm happy for anybody else， I don't know my girlfriend。

 she can go at any point。 I don't need to conquer any women to feel better about myself。

 Life is great as it is。 Very， very few alpha males walk around with that。😊，I have that very often。

 I'm not 10% there yet。 My weak moments。 I also feel weaker and inferior to other guys。

 but most of the time I can go around having that feeling。

 And I wish that for you that you're truly like， yo， I'm happy。 She happy。 Everything's good。

 you know。😊，Also， let's talk about。Setting up certain rules because I do I think it's important。

 just like she might set up certain rules when she accepts you fucking other girls such as。You know。

 using condoms or whatever， you should set up these certain rules as well in order to make sure that there's no boundaries that are being stepped over。

 for example， not in my apartment。 That's， for example， one rule that I would give my girlfriend。

 you fuck another guy， but not in my apartment。 now very clean and tidy person。

 I hate it when people come over actually， So not in my apartment。 Okay， Also， like I said。

 use condoms。 another rule would be don't fuck some random fucking fanboy of mine。 you know。

 because he would only fuck because he would fu to fuck Max's girlfriend。 So fuck mother dude。

 but not a fucking fanbo。 Okay， So whatever your rules are， as as long as they make certain sense。

 you should be good。 And it's totally cool to deploy those rules。 And again。

 she can slash should set up these rules just as much。 when you fuck another girls。 Okay。

 now let me talk about something interesting here。 too。 What if she runs off with that other guy。

 What if she fuck another guy。 And then he's better。And again。

 the answer here is abundance and the king analogy。 Now。

 if you truly do the shit that you learn in this program。

 then it's highly fucking unlikely that she runs off with another guy。😡，Very unlikely。

 But if you're still afraid of it， again， what type of insecurity is triggering that。

Ask yourself then。What about abundance？Really， what kind of insecurity is there and why are you not in abundance？

I love my girlfriend。 I think she truly is amongst the top 1% of women for me personally。

 She's pretty much a perfect fit， looks and characterized for me。😊，That's so key for me。

 She's the perfect fucking girl。 top 1%。 But O。I'm realistic about things。

 There's still more girls like that out there， Not a lot。

 but there is sure enough enough for one man out there in the whole wild world。 Okay。

 and I want her to be truly fucking happy with。Or without me。Weer without me。Wither without me。

And that's true。 I wanted her to be fucking happy。 Honestly， because she's a good girl。

 She deserves to be happy as long as she's happy with me， good。Perfect。But I would never。

 ever want her to stay in the relationship if she doesn't100% feel that she's happy。

 If she ever feels she's not happy with me anymore。

 she should go because I want her to be truly fucking happy。 That is what ego detachment sounds like。

😡，And honestly， if I may add a private story here。I thought about breaking up with her because I was traveling so much。

 and we met when I was living in Helsinki， and I was there for her pretty much every day。

 And then I started traveling again， and I moved to Kiev。

 And I'm still traveling back to Helsinki a lot of times to see her。 but I fly her in as well。

 But at the same time， I did think， man， I， I don't think she's gonna to be happy。

 She deserves a boyfriend that is there for her 200 fucking200300 fucking 65 days a year。

 I don't think she deserves the guy who's。Bpparently ever therefore， I wanted her to be happy。

 so I literally said， baby， I want to break up with you because I feel like you deserve better。

And then actually， we started talking。 She's， and it turns out that she's like， no， I like。

 I like being away from you。 I like being in some sort of long distance relationship because it makes me focus on my own thing。

 I like being alone。 I like having my freedom。 And I like looking forward to meeting you。 And now。

 when you we're hanging out every time we're doing it。 It's something special。

 We're traveling together。 You coming into Helsinki。 I'm coming to Kiiff。 That's amazing。

 And in my head， I'm like。😊，This is why I love you。 That's exactly why I like being in a ship， too。

 I like having my freedom。 I like being alone most the time。

 but I also like hitting me up on Whatsapp。 I love traveling with you。

 I love the fact that it is something special when we do me。 It's exactly the same。 just in my head。

 I thought it's not what you want。 She's like， that's exactly what I want。 So we're like。

 that's amazing。 And again， it's just， it's just a nice way to to just kind bring the point here is that I want her to be happy。

 I would have been okay with losing her， even though I love her because I wanted her to be happy。

 And as long as she's happy with me hell a fuck yeah， I a good choice。 And if that ever happens。

 it ever happens that she's not happy with me anymore。 Then I wanted her to be free。 And you know。

 fly away and we'll stay friends。😊，And I think that's true ego detachment。

 And I think that's true love。 much more than she has to be my girlfriend and she can't cheat on me because if she cheats something。

 it means she doesn't love me， right， Like， I think my example， honestly。

 if I may say that since a lot more like true love than some other fucking showed who opposes like。

Like artificial boundaries on her and slu shames her into it doesn't sound like true love to me honestly。

So summarize it as long as you give her fun， which basically means emotions。

 As long as you give her nonjument。 You know， since all the judgment is always rooted in low self esteem and girls smell that if youre judgmental。

 So as long as you give her fun and nonjudment， as long as you're able to deal with her shit tests。

 A K can know， maintaining passive attraction， as long as you give her good sex。😊。

And all these things combined， you're fucking good。

 and you should never worried about another guy seriously。😡。

Other guys making the threshold so fucking low。 It's incredible。

 So no need for you to worry about it。 You're on your path。 You treat your girlfriend well。

 no need to worry that she's gonna run off with some other fucking guy。 Now。

 let me give you a quick excursor because some harsh words do need to be said。

 You do not own your girlfriend。 You don't。 Okay， you're not entitled to her loving you unconditionally。

 She doesn't owe you shit。 marriage。Is a way to lock down people because of fear that she might run off with some other fucking guys。

 so you better fucking lock her down。Let me tell you something。 Your girlfriend is free。

 She's like a goddamn flower。 If you truly want the best for that fucking flower。

 then you don't pick the flower。 You don't pick it。 Okay， you know， you would own her。

 if you pick the flower， you would own the flower。 you know。

 maybe you put her in a ma in your home and treat a wells， you know， so you can look at it。

 you can groom it， but eventually the flower。 Eventually she is going to die。And you killed her。ok。

If you truly love her。If you truly love the flower， then you let her do her thing。

 You spend time with her。 You groom her while she grows in the soil of your love。

 You make sure she has enough light。 You make sure she has enough water。 You smell her scent。

 You enjoy your colors。😊，This might last for months， years or a lifetime。

 but you must never fucking pick， pluck that flower。😡，Now， let that sink in。Call to action。

At the end of this video， I do want to put a call to action。

 I want you to go an introspective minute or two。Ask yourself， where are your insecurities？

If you see your girlfriend getting fucked by another guy， literally picture it right now。

Where does the pain come from， pinpoint it， turn your attention inwards and see where your insecurities lie。

W do you feel in theory to other people？And how can you change that？That's your call to action。

 And that is how you're cool with being your girlfriend， having a girlfriend， fucking other guys。

