# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：这是你的选择（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Alright， bus it up。 This is Matt。By this time you know who I am。 I hope so。

 Its Max from Real social Anas。 And welcome to G G girlfriendend Game。 Now。

 this video might be the most important of the entire program already because number one。

 you've made an absolutely excellent choice。 Let's really。😊，Soak this in for a second。

 What an amazing choice you've done。 You could have spent money on I don't know。

 Weed alcohol food on something on a shady girlfriend you could have spent money on a subscription for Netflix could have spent money to watch a game。

 buy a game， buy some random shit， but you spent your money on this。 And first of all。

 thank you so much for trusting in me voting with your wallet as they say marketing purposes marketing premises and thanks for giving me the trust that I can help you because this program will help the shit out of you really。

 honestly， like I said， you've made an absolutely amazing choice and really think about the difference between you and a regular guy as of right now。

 a regular guy who's never getting to watch girlfriend game who's never getting to work in himself to learn all these things to think outside the box Just imagine where that regular guy is gonna be in。

😊，5 years with no improvement， no help， no new thoughts， no new experiments or。Reference experiences。

 right， all that。 And on the other hand， take you。 you're sitting at at at a crossroads， basically。

 where you can become that regular guy by just deciding you're never gonna watch this after this video。

 you're never gonna watch the rest of the program again。 or you say I'm going implement this。 Okay。

 how epic is that。 Now， I also want to say this right here is your Bible。

 it's your this program is like a Bible for relationships。 Okay。

 you can see you can watch on the side。 You can see the titles of all the other videos。

 And those titles are very selfexplanatory。 So obviously， on the one hand。

 I still want you to go through the program step by step and I'll talk about this in a second。

 But on the other hand， this program is indeed meant for you to return years after this months after your first time watching through because it's full of nuggets。

 value gold nuggets and full of knowledge that you can just look up right like a Bible for relationships。

 And also what I want to say here is some of the stuff。😊。

that you're going to hear here and that you're going to see here might sound very outlandish to you because the mainstream narrative has been brainwashing you。

 it's really crazy， some stuff might even piss you off。

 but deep down inside you'll have a feeling you will know that it's true so to say it in weird words if it offends you。

 you probably need it to hear it。So again， how do you watch this program Because there's probably two possibilities。

 You're either in a relationship already right You're like， okay， I got the girlfriend ready。

 I just have a little bit of problems or it's going pretty well。

 I just want to take it to the next level or you're completely starting out。

 you don't have a girlfriend and you want to do things right from the get go right now both is perfectly fine and honestly。

 if you're completely new， you don't have a girlfriend right now。

 go through the program one by one for you laid out sequence of videos。

 Don't skip ahead just watch it one by one。 what I'm doing here with these videos。

 I will keep it in great detail but the same time showing' precise。

 I'm trying to keep the dabbling down as much as possible if there's examples I'll only hammering in because they bring the point better And at the same time。

 if you already have a girlfriend， I still recommend you going through the video step by step。

 if you have urgent problems you can go through the urgent problems first， but at the same time。

 you should go through the entire entirety of the videos because again， they're meant to。😊。

Detoxify you from mainstream narrative brainwashing and set you up for success。

 Now before we're gonna wrap up this first video， I want you to think about one more choice because you've already made a great choice getting on board with this program。

 but there's still one more choice to make。What are you going to do with the knowledge that is given to you in this program？

It's all there for you。 It's all laid out。What are you going to do now。

 You've already paid money to invest in this program。

 You're not a free loader watching the free content on YouTube business， great content。

 No question about that。 But this year is the elite content。

What are you going to do with this knowledge， Are you just going in here。

 out here or are you going to take it to your heart and truly believe that what you deserve is what you can get。

What you want is what you can get。Okay。See you in the next minute。

