# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：12.她在这段关系之前就失去了兴趣（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Right， so what to do when the girl loses interest before the relationship。 Now。

 this could be obviously she loses interest before the relationship when it gets more serious。

 It could also be that the girl loses interest before the one night stand turning into a casual relationship。

 It's the same dynamic。 So for that， I have a very nice again。

 real life example prepared here for you。 And I' going to pop the screenshot here。

 here's what the guy says。 When I have a one night stand with a really cool girl。😊。

Starts there with This one is special with the really cool girl。

 It seems like she's really digging me at night。 but later on。

 I'll hit her up and she's not really down anymore and eventually just completely ignores me。

 Why does this happen。 Piious remorse， Con dot dot do。 Well， This， my friend。

 is a classic of example of getting into relationship in this case。

 is's not even a serious relationship It's more like he wants to meet her more。

 still count as relationship， if you real， of getting into relationship too fast。

 simply because the girl， you know extra hot or extra cool， extratra awesome， right。

 He write the following thing down。 There is no shortcut of getting into a quality relationship。

 And there needs to be proper testing before， this specific example is a good example。 What。

 what's the guy doing wrong， Let's see。😊，B， first of all。

 you're cutting out the testing time because you're not coming from abundance because this guy is like you said。

 really cool so you're just trying to hit her up again right both the fact that there's no testing and that you're now becoming needy kills her attraction for you immediately you know understand you know you know what I'm saying right that happens this shit。

 by the way happens mostly after a successful date or a successful one night stamp right because we met now we with our logic。

 we think something like well she already likes me you know the date was already really good we kissed or we fucked so don't need to game her anymore right oh finally like again seeing this whole shit as a means to end it's so fundamentally wrong I don't need to game her anymore she's already into me right but again。

 women tend to think in emotions and those emotions are subject to change she has emotions with。

On that very night， she's there， she has funji's having a good time。

And she gets the kneey text from you， there's no testing there's no having her qualifying there's like I'm not feeling it。

 you know， they're literally not feeling it because emotions are not with you anymore right。

 remember one of the biggest turn ons for women is。😊，I deserve him now， right。 I deserve him now。

 I worked on him， and now he's mine。 He chose me。 You're not giving her that by just assuming， oh。

 well， I don't have to game anymore。 Sure， assume attraction as we said in a video before。

 but don't assume you don't have to game。 You don't have to be out for mail。😡。

You still need to do that。And also， let's talk a little bit about his whole， not testing。

 not having to qualify her。 Be aware of where the power is when you leave out the testing， right。

 you leave out the testing face， you just straight listen to you fucked up scarcity hormones。

 I'm like， oh it's al right。 She can like me。 Who has the power。

 She has the power because you're ready to hit that relationship with her。

 you know and now she has the chance she basically because she has the chance now to say like。

 I'm either gonna wait I'm gonna decline。 yada yada， if you give her a test first， she feels like oh。

 I deserve him finally， I don't want， I go with that， I already invested by passing all this tests。

 know now where is the power， if you keep testing her and you keep her wondering a little bit。

 does he like me， does he not like me out， well， Here's a crazy thing。

 It's not even on your side the power， The power is not on your side right now because she will test you as much just as much。

 So it's going to be much from a 5050 now， ensuring that。😊。

parties are in a position where they could choose right abundance again， you need to test the girl。

 Don't just assume it you don't have to game her anymore just because you one I sent or a great date。

 right it will by you testing her by you you're having her jump through little hoops。

 It will automatically raise your attraction level right because it communicates you have options right and it also communicates that thus you are of high value。

 No， it's not manipulative again， actually making the whole feeliel exciting for her and she fucking enjoy。

 It's not to summarize right one potential reason why the ratio doesn't work out or why she doesn't want to come back is you're being too needy and you're leaving out the testing The other potential reason is that her value system is fundamentally different than yours What does that mean you might have perfectly perfectly ideally gone through the fourbes already。

 You know you're an alpha male， you're healthier。Successful， you're popular。

 right a real catch right， real catch yeah Well， not necessarily it does necessarily mean that you're a real catch because while all these things will drastically drastically improve your chances with a vast majority of girls at the same time it still doesn't mean that you can get any girl like 100% with that right it could still mean that specific girls just won't care that you're successful at your epic that you're awesome that you got game me and all that。

 simply because their value system is a little different right the example is at this girl in a Fland that are really wanted to fuck。

 she's an athlete you're so hot and I'm like I had just started just stopped traveling。

 just settled down and I'm like dude all the guys that live here They're my age They have nothing on me man I'm welltraed。

 sophisticated， smart， successful business seen the world。 I got game， I'm rich like pure like。

I literally fell into the mindset of a guy without game。I would go on a date with this girl。

 I'm like， yeah， I totally gonna fuck me。 And then I texted hert making the same mistake。

 assuming that I don't have to game her anymore because the first date was epic。

 And she just like stopped replying， didnn't want to meet me。 And I'm like， why。

 And then I would see her post on Facebook。 told me cho out like on a date in in a workshop for cars。

 And the guy she was like on a date with was a mechanic。 She was like dirty clothes。

 Like looked super shit。 And he was like repairing the car。 And she's like posting like oh my God。

 best date ever。 Like I just feel connected to the guy。 so cool And I'm like。😊，What the fuck。

 I'm like this fuck a mechanic， like you're letting， you're blowing me off for a mechanic。

 What the fuck。 And then I realized like wait a minute。She doesn't maybe care。

 She just may not care that the guys well traveled successfully in all that in her value system。

 that might even be something bad， you know， she might even think like， because I'm wealthy， Oh。

 I must be an asshole。 I must scam people on the Internet， you know。

 so she wants to have a really nice little car mechanic。 So， and again。

 as much as I judge her in the beginning， I'm like， you know what dude。What can I do。

 People's value systems are different， man， Some girls don't want to have a successful guy。

 Most of them fucking want。 Most of them want to have a fucking alpha male。 But every now and then。

 you run across a girl that just has a fundamentally different fucking value system， so。😡。

There there's nothing you can really do about that。Value systems， however， is a good thing。

 they change over time。Don't worry， man。 Don't worry about this too much。 You do your thing。

 work on your game。 It will drastically improve your success rate with a lot of girls。

 At the same time， you can't get every girl。 I mean， you should know this by now。

 I don't get every girl。 Tyler doesn't get every girl。 Julian doesn't get every girl。

 None of us does。 It's impossible。 It's just called being a human。

 We all have different We all have different prefer preferences。 There you go。

 So to summarize this nice little video。😊，She doesn't want to be in relationship。

 she bails up before， you become too needy， right if she basically doesn't want to hang out more than the one time you hung out and I want to stand whatever it is。

 numberumber one， don't be needy。 be testy。 Okay， let that number two。

 let that testiness work in your favor and gather attraction through it。Number three。

 make her feel like she had to work on you， she'll love you for it。 and number four。

 be aware that you can't be high value in every single girl's value system and that's totally fine。

 Hope that answer that question Hope you can go out and crush it now with a lot of girls with 99% of the girls and Gi G。

