# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：3.我失去了性趣，变得无聊

Okay， now， this video deals with， I'm losing sexual interest in my girlfriend， or I'm getting bored。

With my girlfriend。 Now， there's a couple reasons for this。 number one is your ego。 Okay。

 you didn't fully go through the four becomings。 You want a nice little girlfriend to give you a nice validation。

 but also， you still kind of want to go out。 you know， you want to get fresh hose validation。

 basically， and there was no conscious decision to get a girlfriend that also might be the case。

 you know， it was more like a， well， it would be nice to have this one as my primary， I guess。

 because of the validation， you know， you know， you're stuck at play a role。😊。

And your story might even be similar to the object story where you just want to gather different objects。

 And honestly， this is not saying that you're a bad person or that you're doing it wrong。

 It simply means that you're misreading your own needs， the need of validation。

 It would be kind of nice to get a girlfriend It would be kind of nice to have this one as my primary one。

 you read these signs as yo， I want a girlfriend， whereasas in reality， you don't want a girlfriend。

 you just want the validation， the solution for that is if that is the ego reason that you're coming from is。

😊，Go out， go through the four Bes， back to the fucking drawing board， and go work on yourself。Now。

The other reason why you might think like that is you didn't aim high enough。And very。

 very similar here， you know you got in a relationship not because she's the 10 out of 100g really perfect fit kind of girl。

 but rather because you know you like her enough but you are afraid to lose her so you pin her down in an exclusive relationship know so you feel better about yourself that could happen you like getting the validation for herino see earlier what I said and what it also could be is that deep down inside you kind of feel that you can't get a better girl。

 but you do want to keep your options open just in case you know you get lucky with a hotter girl in that case you're basically stuck in an even earlier role。

 not even the player role like more like almost like the new role and like the nobe slash early player role kind of style and this is important here because when you find yourself in that situation again。

 you interpret the signs wrong， you think you're ready for race。

 you think you're the boyfriend and all that but you're not even in the fucking player mode yet a solution for that。

Its also， if you didn't aim high enough， clearly go out again， go through the for fucking Bes。

 work on yourself， commit less early in the future。Commit less early。

 learn to like or love a girl without having to pin her down in a relationship。

 resist the urge to own， you know， and or control。 Remember the flower example that we talked about in the open relationships。

 having her having other guys chapter。 What are you talking about there in the flower。

 You got to be willing to love and appreciate a girl without having to own her without plucking the flower。

 right。What also could be is that a solution is that you're actually in an open relationship with that girl。

 not an exclusive relationship， because then you're like。You know。

 it's okay when you're a little less sexually interested in her because she's not the only one you're getting sex from。

 So you could be an open ratio with her。 But then also。

 you have to learn to be cool with her having other guys。 So you see that if you're in that stage。

 again， it's not that you're worse of a man or any of that。

 It just means that you're earlier in that development， then you might have thought。

 And it's a great way to learn to let go， it's a great way to learn how to love without possession。

 and it's a great way to knowing yourself and understanding your own insecurities， right。😊，Now。

 let's talk about losing sexual interest。Because many guys get in a relationship way too early and for the wrong reasons。

 as I said earlier， right， she's merely a fuck buddy， but you find it particularly attractive。

 a little more attractive than the other girls。 So for some random reason you want to owner。

 you want to girlfriend that check up。 you know， And while at the same time。

 you also kind of want to pimp， you're afraid that youd lose her。

 if you would just go pimp without being a relationship。 So you get in a relationship。

 And then you full on a mental scarcity mode actually。

 So we've talked about that and the solution here is either you commit less early and you resist her urge to own same spielel as earlier。

 or again， being in an open relationship， same spiel as earlier， you know。

 I personally love sex with different women。 You know。

 I love having sex with all kinds of different women， but I also love sex with my girlfriend。

 And that's the most important point。I also love sex with my girlfriend。

 so living in polygamy actually makes you crave your girlfriend much， much， much， much more。

 so being an Op is not a bad thing at all。We're talking more about this in the extra monogamy。

 polygamy chapter， but it's crazy because I love sex with all us。

 but I also love sex with my girlfriend。It， it's good for my sex drive for my girlfriend。

 That actually increases my lust for her， right， So because you're getting in the breadth from fucking all these other hose。

 getting in the depth from fucking your girlfriend。😡，And also here， as the solution is， surprise。

 spice up your sex life。 It sounds so cliche， but get out of the fucking routine of fucking your girlfriend。

 You know， for us， men。It's almost a little harder to notice， I would say。

 because we easily get stuck in the routine， you know， because we're basically lazy fucks。 You know。

 we don't want to think we don't want to like refresh and shit。 We're just like， here's the sex。

 Let's do it。 Like we always do， you know， I I kind of mentioned that in the sex chapter already。

 But really ask yourself， when was the last time you fucked your girlfriend somewhere else。😊。

When was the last time you fucked in lingerie。Try different stuff。

 treat her more dirty than ever before。 T her less dirty than ever before。 You know， more lovely。

 whatever the fuck it is， change up the vibe and the environment around 6， you understand。

A big reason why we're into fucking several girls。As much as possible is because we like the unknown。

 He understands we like。You know， like pulling down on her panties for the first time and seeing what her pussy looks like。

 You know， we like how girls fuck differently in different positions。 You know。

 one has the hers her legs， a apart and dogggy style， one has their legs together。

 one sucks stick fast。 The other one sucks stick slowly， more intense。 You know。

 whatever is we like that。 We like that mix。 That is a big reason why we like to fuck a lot of different girls。

And with our girlfriend， we'll get used to after a couple weeks， we know she sucks six。

 we know how she wants to position， we know all these things。

But there's no reason to just blindly accept that。 You understand you don't need to。 For example。

 my girlfriend is going down to me。 She starts sucking my dick， like she always does。 And I'm saying。

 oh， stop。Do it like this， you know， put your body here， let me look your pussy， like tolerate that。

 okay？Take her head and move it differently。You know， another example is， you know。

 you guys are getting ready for bed。 You're brushing your teeth next to each other for the hundredth fucking time。

 You know， you're gonna go to bed now and have sex。 You know， like you always do。

 you know but how about you fuck her right there and fucking then as she's brushing her teeth。

 Spice to shit up。 Another example is you know， you always kiss her first。

 and you slowly reach down there Pus you to make her wet， Then you start a missionary。

 the X amounts of times before， you know， then how about you deny her kissing you。

 How about you turn her over， rip off your panties lickor from behind， You know。

 different actions result in her different behavior。

 And then you getting in the breath from fucking your girlfriend， too。

 So spicing up your sex life could indeed be a very。

 very good thing to actually not lose sexual interest in your girlfriend。

Start by the last point here， the I could do better and you see as above there's a lot of parallels again。

 so on one hand， yes， honestly， honest answer here， you could always do better。

You can always do fucking better because you're hustling hard， you're coming from abundance。

 you clearly could always do better on the other hand。You might also think the falling。Actually。

 she's really， really awesome and while I could do better realistically。

 it would probably take me a long as fucking time to find a girl that is better than this one。

So if this is by the way， not the case， if you're not thinking this， well I could get better。

 but it would take me very long if you're not thinking that then you've committed too early like I said in the all above examples so at the end of the ask yourself the following thing。

😊，Does she just make you feel good Because， you know， you don't have to work hard to get sex。

 and it's kind of nice to wake up to some validation from her， like some text or whatever。

Or does she inspire you， invigorate you， turn you on。

 does she make you laugh and smile every fucking day？Which one is it？

The truth is you could always do better， she could always do better too。

Could I get an 11 out of 10 Russian Victoria Secret model that is？By chance。

 also our Starcraft 2 pro， She has a rich daddy who buys me a yacht because I'm cool。 Yes， honestly。

 honestly， I probably could。 And chances are high that somewhere this kind of chick actually is out there。

 Like seriously， chanceances hide that one chick is out there。

 but it would take me long less fucking time for our paths to cross。😊，Now， question here。

 could my girlfriend score an 11 out of 10 super duper epic game guy whos even funnier。

 slightly better in shape， travels a little more。 is a little taller。 Could she get that。

 Is there a guy like that out there， Yes， absolutely。 But again。

 chances that their paths cross are very， very low。 chances will never be fucking zero。

 but they can be very， very quite low for both of you。 So， yes。

 we can both absolutely do better to a very small degree， But honestly， I'm happy。

 I'm happy to such a degree with my girlfriend， that when I'm with her。😊。

She's putting her beautiful head on my chest and she's looking at me and I'm feeling her body。

 I truly don't want to be anywhere else。If that is the case。Then you're good。

 If that is not the case， then you might have committed too early。

 you want to find yourself a better girlfriend。 So see where I'm getting here。 So to summarize。

 be aware of your egoic reasons， be aware whether or not you might have committed too early。

 Be aware of what are the reasons why you got a relationship with her in the first place。

 Maybe you're not even on the boyfriend stage yet。 Maybe you're in the no stage or in a player stage and you just kind of want to lock a girlfriend down。

 you end up committing too early and then you lose sexual interest。 Also。

 be aware of yourre losing sexual interest because youre craving breadth。

Right you want to get in a lot of different experiences now you can get that in with your girlfriend by spicing up her sex life your sex life。

 but you can also get that in by being in an open relationship。

 an open relationship actually if done correctly and with the right girl can profit the relationship immensely and also help your sex right for your girlfriend The choice is yours。

 I'm sorry I didn't give you the one size fits at all solution， but at this point。

 you understand the importance of thinking for yourself， manning the fuck up。

 becoming someone by going through the fourbes and then picking which one of the solutions I'm laying out for you here is indeed the best one。

