# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：5.高级女友游戏：2.如何从分手中走出来

How to deal with breakup。 And honestly， this probably could be a good reason why you got the fucking program in the first place。

 So here's， here's how I did。 It's gonna be a little bit of a longer video。

 but I want to go very deep on that because it's important。

 There's a lot of important concepts that need to be hit on and that need to be explained in great detail。

 So let's fucking go now， first off。Break up， suck。A lot。But then they turn out to be really。

 really good and I know if you're in pain right now。

 you're going to think that pain is all you're going to feel for a very long time and it's very hard to imagine a life without that pain。

 but let me tell you。It's going to be good， it's going to be very， very good and a very soon future。

 You're going to feel a lot of pain now， but you're going to be good。Now。

 they tend to suck a lot more as a guy because of various reasons I don't want to go deep into in a second。

 But guys end up getting a lot more out of it。 Let me explain。

 I've mentioned the validation discrepancy earlier in the how to break up with your girlfriend video。

 It's very it's the same concept here。 So when you when a ratiot is over。 when she broke up with you。

 when you're dealing with a breakup。 As a man， you're going from one validation。

 getting from your girlfriend to zero validation， Nobody gives a fuck about you anymore， right。

 for girl， what she's doing is she's gets from one validation， you。

 the boyfriend to infinite validation like。A girl can be completely dead inside， S out of her mind。

 You put her into a hot little dress， put some fucking makeup on， chaing to the nightclub。

 She could literally stand there crying。😡，Therehou w't be 50 fucking dicks flying in her mouth if she's not careful done for her break up is a fucking wind man。

 because now she's opening herself up to the potential realm of abundant dick。

 She's gonna walk through a forest of dick。 And all she has to do is weed out the light。

 the ones that she likes the best ones。 and then she's fucking done。 transformation for the girl。

0 value for the girl。 In。😡，Now guess what， though？The value that she's getting。

 the validation might be infinite， but what's the learning experience。

 What's the growth that she's getting， F zero。 She will be for the rest of her life caught in a golden fucking cage。

😡，For you as a guy。Validation 1， validationidation 0。 Go to fucking nightclub。

 Go to a nightclub with a broken heart when you're like fucking done after years of like a shitty relationship。

 Mon shitty relationship with no energy with no game。 go there。

 it's gonna be the most horrible night that you've experienced in a long while。 Very likely。

 There's exceptions of guys that are like happy that they're free。 I get that。

 But usually if you're in pain before you have to go out。 Oh my God， you'd be like。

 hey girls how it going。 Oh my God。 F off。 The fuck I like you're like， oh my God。

 the world is a very mean and nasty place it's very horrible。 you fuck。

 But the growth that you go into experience through that pain is so much bigger than any growth at the ho the woman。

 The girl will feel。 It's incredible。Just so you understand for men。

 it's a lot shitttier in the beginning。 It's supposed to be like that for。

 but the the growth that you're getting out of it is infinitely stronger and so much more worth in the long run。

 And oh， and obviously， I mentioned earlier as well。

 Girl are genetically predisposed to get over a breakup much faster than boys。

 So she'll get over it in a fucking week。 Okay， a month， Max。

It could be that you're taking a lot longer and that is fine and that it's absolutely no problem there's absolutely natural and normal。

 Now， let me talk about the rebound because I want you to avoid the rebound。Many people。

 mostly girls， but also guys with somewhat decent game。

They tend to throw themselves right into the next fucking relationship。 It's， it's， it's crazy。

 It's but youre like anything， anything to avoid to having to endure the pain of being alone， right。

 So let me get right into the extract relationship the ego strikes in， you know。

 what are all my friends and family going think about me， You know。

 when I don't have a girlfriend anymore， You know， I'm are you gonna think I'm unable unable to hold a woman。

 you know。😡，Truth is you probably are and it's kind of funny， but the good news is。

It doesn't need to be permanent， really， like， yeah。

 they might think that now that you're unable to hold a woman。 but who gives a shit man， F them。

 F without people gonna think F your fucking ego。 Okay， it's crazy。

 It won't be like it it could mean that you're unable to hold a woman but that's not permanent。

 It will be permanent， though， if you don't allow the learning and the transformation to unfold because you're throwing yourself to the next fucking relationship。

 So don't get into the rebound mode。 Let that pain and flick some fucking learning into you So you can actually upgrade to the next hotter。

 better， more interesting girlfriend。 Okay which brings you to the next point。 talk about girlfriend。

 forget about her。 Okay， forget about her。 It's overdu。😡，Okay， it's fucking over。

 if she left you because certain conditions， you know， that you didn't meet them， you know。

 like oh you didn't treat her well enough， you didn't do this。 You didn't do that。

 you know and she says， like， well， that's what I'm breaking up with you to not fall into that trap of thinking。

 you know， oh， I can fix this。 I can fix things。 Like the girlfriend's like。

 you didn't have enough time for me。 So I'm want to break up with you。 don't think like， oh。

 I'm gonna fix it。 Like many guys fall into this romanticizing that that that they're like， oh。

 I'm willing to fight for her。 You know， I will prove myself worthy。 And now I'm fighting for her。

 no， dude， the only thing that you're proving yourself is to be unworthy of her And you that you're fucking showed and it will push her away even more。

 it's done。😡，It's done。 ideally， when she breaks up with you， it really is over。

 Okay and you shot yourself off from her completely。 That's what you should ideally do。

 Even if you guys are， you know， totally clean， you have a totally clean breakup。

 you're nice and amicable。 You know， you guys need some distance now。 both of you。 not only you。

 she need distance as well。 you need that for definitely a while for weeks a month。 Okay。

 if you do kind of run into her because same school。

 same work whatever you share friends and just be cool and treated like anybody else。 No。

 no bullshit like， couldn I talk to you poor or any of that gay shit。 Okay。

 you guys are over and now remain cool with each other。 and that's it。 don't ignore her。

 but also don't be like gay， okay， you need distance and that is totally cool。

 You need distance in order to have that transformation fully unfold And again。

 don't think you gotta fight for her now。 No it's over。 Okay， you had your chance and it's done now。

 let that transformation unfold on you because next point。😊，You are lucky， write this down。

 you are lucky because you are on the verge of something very， very great。

 sure hotel doesn't feel like that right now， but it is okay。

 you need to totally allow that to happen， no new relationship， no running after her。

There's this incredibly amazing， inspirational fight club scene。 If you haven't seen it。

 watch F club。 It will， it helps a lot with Rakb actually because it kind of gets just like fucked up。

 fuck it down give a shit attitude。 I I love watching that movie in general。

's there's a scene where Tyler Dden he and what's the other guy's name and the loser guy like the main protagonist。

 they're going out and they're going to this like gas station or some shit and and Tyler just like he has a gun and he grabs the guy who works behind a counter。

 he drags him behind the gas station。 and he's basically holding the gun at his head。

 and the other guy who's with， he's like my God， how are you gonna shoot him Tyler。

 you're so crazy and and Tyler says like， give me give me a wallet right。

 So the guy gives him the wallet and it says he instead of taking this money。

 He's taking out his driving license。 And Tyler reads his driving license and says Raymond K Hessel right and he says Raymond。

😊，You strike me as a smart guy， something like that。 I'm just reiterating here。

 You strike me as a smart guy。 Like by the fuck you work at a shitty gas station， And he's like。

 well， I tried to be like， I think a veterinarian or like like a doctor or some shed。

 But and then he's like， okay， well， well， why aren't you a doctor。

 He's like well it was so difficult。 It was so difficult。 I couldn't handle the pressure。

 And that's why you've flown away your life。 That's why you're working at a fucking gas station。

 It's like yeah， yeah， okay。And then what Tyler Duton now did is is something amazing。

 He takes the driving license of the guy。 And he says， now， I know your name and your address。

 And I can't remember what he says， like， if a week from now。

 you're not reenrolled in in high school。 in high school in your medical school。

 I will find you and I'll kill you something like that。 Or if a year from now， you're not a doctor。

 I'll find you and I will fuck can kill you。 Do you understand， He's like， yes I understand， Okay。

 now run off， right， So the guy like pisses himself and runs off some bullshit。 right。

 I'm just reiterating it。 But the most important lesson here。

 Why is that important for you because the falling。 So the other guy says to title like， oh my God。

 dude， you ruined his life， He's gonna be shocked。 like， he has all the shock now。

 He's completely traumatized。 What the fuck did you do。

And Tyler says to morrow will be the most beautiful day of Raymond K。 Hessel's life。

 His breakfast will taste better than any meal you and I have ever tasted。

 And it's kinda true if you think about it。😊，So he did inflict this very traumatic experience on the guy。

 But the guy needed it to step up and fucking life。

 And that's exactly the same kind of cross roadads you finding yourself in right now， right， Oh。

 it's difficult to go to med school。 It's kind of hard。 I can't do with the pressure。

 It's difficult to handle the fucking relation to the fucking break up， right。

 It's difficult to use it to grow。 It's difficult to go through the pain。

 It's much easier to work at the gas station。 You know， it's much easier to say。

And what I'm gonna rebound， get some other girlfriend or whatever the fuck it is。

 It's easy to do these things。 But what is not easy is actually allowing that pressure to fuck and fuel you。

 And that is what Tyler Dorton did in the scene。 And that's what I think is very。

 very extremely amazing。 Now， here's what that exact transformation is going to look like on a deeper level。

 And I want to talk about a concept that's。Called levelss of energy。 And there's a great book。

 It's called levels of Energy by Frederick E。 Dotson。 We're going edit it in here。 the book。

 because it's really， really interesting to read about the levels of energy。

 The people are going through it。 as I read this book， I'm like。

 these are exactly the levels of energy that people kind of go through when it comes to breakup。 Now。

 the book itself is a little， it's a little on the esoteric side， So if you're not into that shit。

 you don't have to read it。 But it has a lot of truth to it。

 And it's exactly the kind of stages that you go through doing a breakup。 So let's go with them。

 the first stage， the lowest stage is apathy。 This is where you will start。 And by the way。

 the more you're growing， the more the stages you're going through these stages。 And crazy enough。

 if you never choose the growth path。 some people get stuck at certain stages。

 Some people literally get stuck at the very， very first stage。😊。

Which is apathy Now when you go through a breakup， you'll go through a lot of stages and when you truly let it grow through you or you grow through it。

You end up with happiness， whether you're happy about the breakup。

 when you're happy about the lessons that you've learned and everything。 But again。

 be aware that it's different stages people go through and people get stuck at a lot of stages is crazy。

 So the first stage you're going through is apathy， okay。You might feel lost。

 You might feel your life is over。 Your life is back at ground 0。 You know。

 you'll never find a girl as good as her。 yada， yada， yada， that is apathy。 But if you allow it。

 if you grow through it， you get up one stage higher， which is victim mentality。 You know。

 it's all her fault。 It's to other guy's fault。 It's society's fault。 It's the situation's fault。

 Her family fault。 her friends， Everyone else。 basically everybody else。 And you are a victim。

 But it's a little higher already than apathy。 So cool as to you。 then comes anger， right。

 And this is what we talked about in the breaking up with her chapter already， because。

If you're all nice。And you just break up with her and you didn't give her totally good reasons。

 she might be stuck in apathy。 But if you're a dick， at least now she can be angry。

 And That's what I talked about。 At least now she can be angry because that is a little higher in apathy。

 Okay， so you have apathy， victim mentality。 And now you hear it anger。

 angerger is some feelings like it's unfair。 She was a bitch。 You know， she didn't deserve me anyway。

 That's anger。After anger。If you truly go to， if you don't get stuck with anger。

 unfolds the learning。 It。's one of the more learning stages。 There' are several learning stages。

 But this one learning stages， you'll start discovering certain things that you maybe could have done better。

 You know， maybe the two of you should have talked more。 Maybe the two of you should have better sex。

 should have spent more quality time， etc cetera。 And that's again。

 like this right here is a gigantic fucking gap。 People don't get over anger。😡。

And when they do get over anger， they get to learning。 but then people also don't get over learning。

 They get stuck at these fucking stages， and it's horrible because the next stage is huge。

 it's forgiveness。Forgiveness， not only for her， but also for you。 you understand her point of view。

 You know， remember the concept， seek first to understand， then to be understood。

 you may understand like， okay， maybe she did feel a lack of X， Y Z。

 Maybe she did feel that she's not getting enough from me or too much or whatever the fuck it is。

 right， and you also understand your problems。 Like， you know what。

 I forgive myself for making these mistakes。 understand and really is key。

 like maybe you understand where she came from from her childhood。 You know， she's low self-esttem。

 She had a fucked up child。 She was not capable of having relationships in the first place。

 and you do all these things without judgment， right， anger is like。

 yeah because she's a dumb fucked up， you do it without judgment。

 That is what it means to fully understand somebody and to forgive。 Okay。

 you do that without fucking judgment。 Usually second level of learning happens after that。

 So I said， like the first level of learning is like you learn a couple of things。 Yada。

 yada yada then you have the forgiveness。 You understand her point。😡。

And now the second level of learning kicks in here with far less ego involved。

 That's what the real progress is happening。 And again， if you're this far ready holy shit。

 you're so much better off with breakups than anybody else okay but if you really get to the second stage of learning it's probably something like this like instead of just seeing what you maybe could have done better。

 you know exactly what could you have done better， where did you exactly fail。

 but you do it without ego attachment and boom， now we're talking about fucking progress Okay now we understand what's the problem。

 what could have done better， It's like this ve that is unlifted from your eyes and you now can see clearly。

 these were the problems， of course， when you get to that stage。

 just congratulate yourself because you've made gigantic progress that many guys don't do But again。

 you have to walk through these first apathy， victim mentality。

 anger and all these things you have to go to them and then the last stage is happiness。Happiness。

For what you guys have had。Do you know that， like if you ever seen that like somebody talking about their ex。

 like oh， she was a horse， she was a match， Yeah， I guess what， these guys got tangled up in anger。

They're still angry at their ex girlfriend from like years。 And they would say she like， yeah。

 I was together for her for 10 years。 She was always a horror。 Well， don't lie dude。

 If it was that bad， you wouldn't have been with her for 10 years。

 I'm sure there has been things that you liked about it。

 I'm sure you guys have had your good moments， every relationship has， no matter how toxic it is。

 So don't deny that， man。 So if you're truly in that happiness phase。

 you can see the positive things that you guys have had。 No matter how bad the relationship ended。

 you remember the good times when you said， I love you for the first time。

 The first kiss or a specific beautiful holiday or a nice weekend that you guys had or a beautiful moment。

 You can be truly happy for that without your ego being involved。😊，And also。

 you can have happiness for the invaluable experience that you've now gained。

For the lessons that you've learned for the pain that has been inflicted on you and for the new person that aroused arose after that pain from that pain。

 through the ashes， right， that's what you can be truly happy for now。

 And that's energetically speaking， the stages that you have to go through。And it's totally fine。

 Whatever stage you're in， as long as you don't get stuck in it。 as long as you arrive at happiness。

 understand。 And youll bounce back and forth between these stages， too。 But again。

 like you have to overcome all of them to reach happiness。

 It could be that you between anger and like the first stage of learning and anger again。

 first stage of learning， anger again， first stage of learning。 Like， make sure that you pop further。

 pop through them。 you know， to the next stage where it' forgiveness。 And then you you know。

 you you'll bounce back and forth between first stage of learning and forgiveness。

 first stage learning and forgiveness， but you gotta get through and then sickest stage of learning。

 secondest shift of learning forgiveness and forgiveness， and so on until you reach happiness， right。

 and you can bounce back to anger again。 But eventually you got to stick to happiness。

 You got to maintain most of your time of your energy in the happiness realm。😊，Now。

 let's talk about specifics and the shit that you're going to tell yourself when you're going through apathy。

 when you're going from apathy over learning forgiveness to happiness， because these are very。

 very common quotes that you're gonna tell yourself。 number one。

 I'll never get one as good as this one。 You know， what that means is that your showed levels are extremely high。

 your hormones will tell you that you know， you're not good enough and you'll never find a girl that good。

 etc ce， et。 But let me remind you of nice little concept that we call abundance。'， you'll be fine。

 you'll get back to abundance。 Okay， also， if you actually go through all these phases and you start focusing on yourself。

 you'll end up with an even better fucking girl。 So no matter what you think。

No we' got to go to girl as good as this one， you must have the learning unfold on you and then you'll actually end up with an even better girl。

 It's not even on your radar yet， you don't even think it's possible， it is I guarantee it。

And trust me。No matter what you think。It can get better。

It always does I don't care what you think right now， it can always get fucking better。

 it always can， but let the learning unfold on you。

Next thing that many people say to each other to themselves， not of each other， to themselves is， oh。

 I'm undeserving of love， you know， or even undeserving of the attention of another girl。

 And you know， chances are very high。 that's even fucking true。 mean that's the fucking point。

 She broke up with you because you failed hard。 you know， and even though if most of it is her fault。

 then you probably didn't react the right way。 And now it's also kind of your fault。

 Okay or you should have never made it come that far。 And now it's your fault。 So it's cool。

 you know， the thing is， while this might be true that you're undeserving of love even the attention of another girl。

 it's true， the thing is it's not permanent。 it doesn't need to be permanent。

 it's going to be permanent， if you're not learning， if you don't let it unfold hold on you。

 but it's not gonna be permanent if you actually go through these fucking stages。

 Another thing that many guys says， while all my friends or like mutual friends。

 my family thinks I'm a loser now， You know， she might even walk around telling shit about you。

 You know， you know what， be the fucking better person here。 Let it。

She's collecting that fucking bad car anyway。 It's just another proof that you guys should be over anyway。

 Like it's epic if the girl does a lot of wrong things because now you don't have to worry about getting back together with her。

 you're like， okay， well， it is very bad。 So I'm glad I'm not with it anymore you know。

 Also let that anger。 let any anger and frustration fuel you because again。

 like it's still better than apathy。 anger is better than apathy。 let that shit fuel you。

 Doce emotions are great to help you hustle， you know， lift， go out harder。 It's a great catalyst。

 An。 No strong emotions Use them， you know let that hate。😡，Flow through you。 you know。

 fucking Chancellor Ppattine。 They're fucking drcidious。 He was right。 He was a good guy。 You know。

 what's up， And really， it's， it's， it's key the next one here is she ruined my life。She。

 Let me tell you something that's so very fucking true。

 People don't ruin other people's lives without other people's permission。

 Understand unless she literally out of nowhere， storm into your room， shot your dog。

 shut your family and everyone else that you ever love， unless that happens。

 Ch or high that you let her fuck your life over。 You let it happen。 Okay， She took all my money。

 It's your fault。 Why did you even get her in a position where she can take your money。

 She took all my friends， It's your fucking fault。 Why did't you get shitty friends that have that take some hole over you。

 Your friends should walk too fire for you。 So why do you get shitty friends。😡。

OkayShe's telling shit about me。 It's your fucking fault。😡，Why do you get her。

 Why do you get a fucking girl that loses her shit and tells shit about you， You know what。

 if you care about that， you care too much。😡，Shit is your fault。 She ruined your life。 Yeah。

 guess who LED her that far to ruin your fucking life。 You didn't screen properly。

 Why did you get yourself a fucking crazy girl， It's your fucking fault。

 Man up and take responsibility for your fucking mistakes。 Okay， no more victim mentality。

 no more fucking victim mentality。 You gotta get out of there。😡。

Girls are here to man the fuck up for us， understand that they're descending down from heaven or crawling up from hell for us。

 men to man the fuck up， it's meant to be man， it's meant to be I've given you that example earlier。

I was a young dude。 I had great potential， You know， my body's probably good to。

 to grow muscle and to be pushed really hard at the gym。 My mind is pretty strong。

 But I never did anything for it。 All my teachers， my parents， my fucking cousins， My uncles。

 my aunts， my grandpa theyt tell me like， do something son。 Like， come on。

 Don't let the shit like to stop playing video games， do something。 Men up， read books。

 go to the gym They healthy。 I didn't want to do any of that。 I'm like， fuck， why do I live health。

 You gives the shit。 man just run run like fun。 until I discovered something called pick up。

And pick up said， hey， bro， if you want to fuck a lot of hawk girls。

 You better read some fucking books。 You better become fucking social。 You better make some friends。

 Oh， you fucking your first 7。 Okay， now go out more。 go to the fucking gym。 You know。

 become a better fucking man。 Wo in yourself。 I'm like， okay， I'll do it for the  Hawk girls。😡。

We wouldn't man up for shit bra。 it wasn't for hot girls。 Sounds kind of pathetic。

 but it's in our genes， man。 It's in our DNA。 We want to make the。

 we want to mate with the best hottest， most attractive high value women。 It's in our fucking DNA。

 And because of that， society has become the society that it is right now。 We've built skyscrapers。

 We' built the pyramids。 We've created a market of the political system。

 We did that because a man didn't get laid。 really is like that。

So take that idea further and say every woman that inflicts pain on you is not because she's a sattanist evil being。

 It's because of the universe。 karma Od in God， whatever the fuck。

 It's telling you the man to fuck up。 cause you wouldn't do it otherwise。 except there's a hot。

 beautiful girl that is amazing in the first couple years of months。

 And she breaks her fucking heart。 She rips it apart。 You can do two things。

 You can cry about it and be victim， victim， victim， or you can say， you know what。

 This shit happen to me because I am supposed to man to fuck up。

 I'm supposed to take this challenge and rise above it。 understandstand。😡。

You'll always be driven by your desire for women。 You'll always be driven by pain。 Otherwise。

 there won't be progress。 There's a wonderful movie。 one of the most emotional， amazing movies。

 it's called 1 hundred and 27 hours，1，2，7 hours。 Okay， Watch that movie。 It's an epic example。

 It's a real life story。 It actually happened。 There's the sky。😊。

He went like hiking somewhere in the desert and he fell。

 He fell into his like hole with like rocks in it， and he got his arm stuck in underneath the boulder。

 So the boulder kind of fell on his arm and he's standing there and the boulder is literally like half cutting off his arm and he can't get away。

And the entire movie deals with the misery that he's feeling because it is halfway his fault because he wasn't careful。

 he fell in now the boulders on his arm， he can't get out， he doesn't have a lot of water。

 he doesn't have any food and he's literally standing there for 127 hours until he almost dies of thirst。

The crazy thing is the entire 127 hours， he keeps being in a victim mentality。He's just like。

 I'm the victim here。 This is so unfair。 Why does this happen to me。 I'm trying to lead my life。

 And I'm， I'm a good person。 I'm a good person。 Yada， yada， yada， Why am I doing that。

 He gets angry at himself。 So first， he's， he's our victim mentality， right。

 He gets angry at himself。 and he bounces back to victimity， anger， victim mentality， anger。

 victim mentality anger all the time， and he doesn't get out from him 27 hours until。😡。

He saw the truth。And he framed it in the exactly right way， the only true way。Hundred 27 hours。

 He was delirious。 He didn't have any any food。 no water was the sun was burning。

 at night was very cold。 He， he， all of a sudden， he had this delirious epiphany that you know what。

 this fucking boulder。Has been here for thousands of years。It's been laying here。

 It's been created by the earth。 You know， it it was been， it was here all these years。

 waiting for me to fall and hit me。Waiting for me， It's the ultimate test of the universe。

 The universe put this fucking boulder there for thousands of years until it fell on me。

 And now it's the ultimate fucking test。 It's the universe waiting to test me。

 because for whatever fucking reason， it felt like I need to be tested。

 Am I gonna die thinking I'm the victim here。😡，Okay， and fucking die a thirst。

 or am I going a man to fuck up and I take my little tiny Swiss army knife and I'm going to cut my own arm off without any anesthetics。

Because then I will live。Yeah， you what he did cut his own arm off and he ran off and he fucking survived。

 you know what he then did， he found happiness。And he's probably to this day。

 one of the happiest fucking people in the world。 He doesn't have two arms。

 like probably you or me is one arm。 but he has found something infinitely more powerful。

 The knowledge that It's not about being a victim and the bullshit that is happening to you。

 It's about what you make out of it。 And exactly the same happens to you when you're going through a break up。

 You think it's all painful。 Everything is unfair。 Pa， pain， pain。

 You gotta take that fucking Swiss army knife and go through it is pain。

 cut by cut by cut by cut by cut until you free until you happier than ever before。😊，So。

Here's what you're going to do talk to all about the energy。

 about the validation discrepancy and about the importance of letting the learning unfold on you。

 So here's what you're going to do。 Here's some specific fucking steps， step one， pain。

Allow that pain。Feel it， fully tap into it。Feel that pain。

 It could be that it's gonna to take you a week of just crying， sitting at home。

 could be that taking a month that takes you a couple days。 It's okay。 Allow that pain， don't。

Rebound it， don't try to bur it， full on， allow that pain。Next step， do the things that feel good。

Okay， do the things that feel good。 Not the things that are good for you。 Just things that feel good。

 pure， just go fall on down the route of instant gratification for me with my last breakup。

 it was jerking off in cereals。 Liter， it was crying， jerking off and cereals for about 7 to 10 days。

😊，Because what it does is。It teaches you to enjoy things by yourself again。 It teaches you that， hey。

 there's happiness somewhere else。 not just in that one source， my ex girlfriend。

 but I can give myself happiness as weird as weird as that sounds from jerk off from eating ce。

 I can do that to myself。 it gets out of the victim mentality。 Okay。

 gets out of victim mentality like， hey， I can do my things some good。 that's pretty good。 know。

 and you gotta further on， get yourself out of that victim mentality。

 And now find things that are good for you。 Not things that feel good for you。

 but actually things that are good for you。 Okay， you'll start to enjoy these kind of things。

 But first， you'll have to plough through and do these things that are actually good for you。

 not the things are good for you。 that feel good for you。

 but actually the things that are good for you， like。😊，Going to the gym。

 hitting that fucking gym again， going out again as hard as it is， socializing again。

 even though you're very， very sad and sad。 but you've allowed that sadness already。

 go full on through it。 Okay full on do things that feel good and now do things that are good for you。

 And then the next step， what happens is I mentioned a second ago you'll start to enjoy the things that are good for you First you enjoy the things that feel good for you。

 but it doesn't really help you now you do the things that are good for you and now you starting to enjoy the things that actually are good for you。

 Okay you start enjoy the shell， you enjoy the gym again， you enjoy the lifting。

 you start getting back to your journey。 You going out。

 you make your first good experiences with other girls again you get back to the fucking grind。

 you get reach that fucking abundance again。 That's the next step。

 get back to the grind because you're enjoying the things that are good for you。

 reach that fucking abundance again。 And now congratulation。

You've just gone through your very own transformation。Because you've let the pain， okay。

 you've let it unfold the learning on you， You've gone through it。

 You've did things that are good that that feel good for you。

 You've did things that are good for you。 you've enjoyed those， your back grind， you reach abundance。

 you' letting the energy level tap up， you know， from victim mentality from the anger all the way up to learning forgiveness and boom happiness。

 And now guess what？I guarantee you， if you're in a breakup right now， a week from now。

 a month from now， a year from now， you'll be stronger， faster， better， smarter， happier。

 better people in your life， Hoter girls that you fuck， Hoter girls as your girlfriend。

 you'll be so much happier。 You'll be happy that the breakup happened in the first place。 And then。

 yes， yes， you may message me and say， thank you。 But you know what I'm gonna say I'm gonna to say。

 no， dude。 Thank you for going through it for doing it for your own life's purpose。

 That's how you deal with breakups。 G， fucking G。