# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：3.一夫一妻制：2.与其他女孩的公开关系（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Okay， open relationships， having other girls。 Okay， I get it。

 You do like the idea of being in relationship with a special girl。

 but you don't want to give up other girls either because you like game and the growth that comes from it。

 You know， we we have an extra video on that。😊，Or because you simply like having sex with other girls。

 there is a third option that I do want to mention here for the sake of completion and that option is otherwise you're too insecure and you can live。

By just getting the validation from having sex as long girl， if that is the case。

Back to the drawing board。Ask yourself why you in a relationship in the first place Back to the fucking forbes man。

 This is not why you get an inter relationship just because you feel validated by her。 Okay。

 but we've talked about this in the very， very first chapters already。

 should never be the reason to get in a relationship。 But yeah， let's assume you're all healthy。

 Okay， you don't want to fuck other girls because of the journey or because you like the sex。 Now。

 whatever the reason is， there's basically three options。

 There's three options on how to go about that。 None of those options is better than the others。

 Okay， for each one of them， you need to decide yourself whether or not you want to do that。

 And for all of them， there's one overlying theme。 And that is， do not feel guilty or ashamed。😡。

This is your life， your choice and your needs。 Okay， now here are the three options。 numberumb one。

 you being open about it with your girlfriend。 numberumber two， you cheating behind her back。

 There's two sub options。 She can kinda know it versus， you know。

 and she kind of tolerate it versus she has no idea。 And the third option is three sums。

 but that we will be discussing in an extra chapter because it's a little more elaborate。 Now。

 let's talk about being open about it。This is really key here。 It only only， only， only。

 only works if the girl is high selfesteem， Okay， and also there。

 not every high selfesteem girl is gonna be cool with that。 So you got to be very。

 very screenative here。 low self-esteem girls。 I tell you early on that they they don't careed They totally cool with that。

 But remember the true self only comes out after a while。

 So be careful with the low self-esteem girls。 But by now。

 you know already to never get in a relationship with the low selfesteem girl anyway。

 So you can kind of disregard that。 but just so you know。

So let's assume she's a very high selfee girl and she's actually cool with that the way to go about that being open about is number one is set expectations very。

 very early on right at the bit right off the bat like she must know that you're a player when she fuck it meets you you know you tell her clearly what your ideal relationship is and you don't say it in a disrespectful way instead you make it relatable in a way she can relate right remember the chapter how to game on in relationship that's the kind of way you got to be open about these things and also this is super keen you have to make it abundantly clear to her。

You have to say that very， very frequently how far on top she is of your food chain。 Okay。

 how secure her position as your queen is。 understand， Otherwise。

 there's no way to be open about You fuck and other girls。 Okay， let's talk about that queen analogy。

 The things that you gotta make clear to your high selfesteemed girlfriend is。You're the best。

And nothing will ever change that。 You are my queen。Sex is wonderful， natural。 It's no big deal。

 It's just fun。 There's nothing you have to be worried about。

 No matter who I'm having fun with for a brief moment。

 I will always come back to you because you are and then add specific compliments because you're amazing。

 because the way you treat me because I love the way we're handling the house together because I love the way you fuck me。

 lay outda， yada， yada。 just don't just don't even be humble with that these kind of compliments that you've given her。

 Just shower her in the reasons why you love her and be honest about that， too。😊，Furthermore。

 your position as my queen is never endangered。 If anything， it is strengthened in my head。

 there is you and only you。😡，You can even add on top of that that these other girls are literally nothing but warmhole for you like really it sounds funny like they're just wormhole I don't care what names they have。

 I don't care I just love that me being on top of that shit of me being sharp and I love the sex I'm using condoms and you don't have to worry about anything you will always be my queen okay the interesting thing here is why that actually surprisingly will work much more often than you think is for women。

It's far more severe if the man emotionally cheats on her， if he's thinking about another woman。

 if he's desiring another woman while he's sitting there with his girlfriend。

That's what actually is much more severe to the girl than take inside posty。

 whatever I'm gonna fuck about this girl。 you're my queen。 You understand。

 you'll be surprised how well it works。 If you emotionally truly commit to your girlfriend。

 then you're open about it。 She's a high selfesteeem girlfriend。 and then you still fuck other girls。

 while those girls mean nothing to you。 Okay， and again， there's still the threesome option。

 which we're gonna talk about in the next video。It's important here， though。

 that when you're open about that， that you need to give her that freedom， too。

 and you need to be okay with that。 If you feel like you can't handle it of her fucking some mother children as well。

 back to the drawing board， back to the for fucking becomings and also more about that in the next chapter。

 But it's really， really key。 And again， I want to say here nonapologeticness。 This will never， ever。

 ever fucking work。 unless you truly believe that you fucking other girls is good for both of you for you and her。

 it's for your good and her good。 Okay， it keeps the relationship fresh。

 It compares your girl to others， which she always wins right。

 it's proof basically that she is just the best for you。

 it also helps you to maintain alpha behavior， maintain your sharpness。 And remember。

 an alpha male's sexuality is nothing to be ashamed of。 And he's truly okay with it。

 That's really key。😡，And that's also super important。 The next point here。

 because other people will judge you。Okay， other people's judgment will always be there because you fuck other girls。

 Other men are highly jealous of that。 and they try to shame you into that。 You know。

 the mainstream brainwash is really at its finest here。 So what you got to do is obviously。

 keep it low。 Don't brag about it。 I mean， what what's the point of telling someone else anyway。

 that you're fucking other girls。 I mean， come on， you don't need that ego brush。 at this stage。

 you shouldn't need that shit。 You know， its just makes other people jealous。

 makes other people pissed at you， makes other people hate you。 Remember。

 their world view on sexuality is completely fucking screwed。 It's fucked up。 Okay。

 So be happy that you see the matrix。 and let go of that。 That is it。

 You don't need to teach other people。 You don't need to rub in their face。 none of that。

 be happy that you see the matrix。 let them see their matrix the way they want to do。 And that is it。

 And interestingly enough， too。 if push comes to shove many guys。

 they will try to fucking confront your girlfriend。 You know。

 like what do you think that you man fuck other girls。 Don't you have any selfish respect。😡。

The way to handle that is， first of all， don't hang out with these kind of losers。

 like fuck these guys， Honestly， like why did you even hang out with that kind of person and second of all。

 prime her for it too。And the way you prim for that。

