# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：8.她作弊了！（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Oh， no， she cheated。How dare she， How dare she cheat on you Oh no。 Now， this video is。

 I'm assuming here， okay， that you did everything right， You know， you set up boundaries。

 you're both aware that you're in a monogamous， committed relationship。

 not just you at all these things， right， If that is not the case， then while， congratulations。

 you got what you deserved。 So， but I'm gonna assume you did everything right。

 and let's look at the reasons here， why this can happen。

 how you can avoid it in the first place and what you can use to actually make this a。😊。

Relatively nice learning experience for you。 Okay， so let's go。 First and foremost。

 people always ask what to do if she cheated on me。 Her you dirt。

 right it's but I don't like that question because it's basically the same as asking what to do when my house is on fire？

 Well， you could try your best to not， you know， you know， like damage control。 But at the same time。

 like what fucking dumb should have been doing to make the house get on fire in the first place。

 Okay， so much rather ask yourself， what could you have done to not let it get that far L O L。

 So yeah ask yourself。 why did she cheat。😊，For example， was it unavoidable， you know。

 meant to be because she's a low self esteem ho， That's the first thing I would look at。

 Women need sex。 Women need validation。Some women get enough validation from their everyday life。

 You know， including you， their boyfriend。 that is ideal， and that is a high selfestseem woman。

 Some women are low self esteem and fucked up， and they need to get validation from others， too。

 It's not enough to get validation from their everyday life。 Now， that is already not ideal。

 but it's still very common and。😡，It's okay， ish， especially if it's not your main relationship。 Now。

 some women are so low self esteem and fucked up that they can only get that validation by having sex with men。

😡，So if that is the case with your girlfriend， is that， if that is the case why she cheat， then run。

 okay， avoid that kind of girl at all fucking cost。

 So a lot of a lot of it is really just you picking or having picked the wrong kind of fucking girl。

😡，If， if this is the case where you're like， yep， yep， oh， I think that's the， yep。

 the low self steam thing。 Yep， that's that's probably her。 that is the case， then。Be happy。

Be happy that you learn to fucking lesson， be happy that you now know better and be happy that you fucking dodged a bullet and the guy that is has fucked her is now in for a bumpy ride himself because you're going go break up with her。

 and now she's going run to him。 really， like it sounds to me when I say be happy。

 but at least now you know better。Now， let's assume， though， for the next case。

 she has not done it for a validation， then the only reasons why she could have cheated are def。

Because you weren't around， like physically not there or because she's dissatisfied sexually。

 those are the only two reasons if it's not the low self-esteeem bullshit。 Okay， so yeah。

 basic translation of what happened is here， she， she was lacking something and she had to get it somewhere else。

 because again， you weren't around physically， then she just needed the sex somewhere。 you know。

 that happens。 You know， when when nature calls， there's not much you can do。 or again。

 she's dissatisfied with the sex。 in this case， if she's dissatisfied with the sex。

 Watch the sex chapter。 watch the fucking sex chapter made a whole chapter on that。 And you know。

 get that back in。 get the dick back in， get the good sex back in。

 bottom line is she was lacking something that you couldn't give her。 Okay。

 and only another guy could give her。Apart from the low self esteem thing now。Importantly， though。

 I mean， this is literally like here like that， that's it。 Yeah， if you really break it down。

 that is the reason why women cheat。 But what's more important for you right now here in this program is the following。

 Why do you feel the way you feel， How do you feel。Betrayed。Less of a man。You feel lighted too。

What insecurities？Does it shine a light on？And now when you know that insecurity or where when you try to find it。

 walk inwards， not outwards， don't try to find it somewhere else like don't have enough money no。

 the answer is always inwards， maybe I haven't felt enough love。

 maybe I've always been bullied in school， what is it that feeds that fucking insecurity。

 shine a light on that and by the moment you shine a light on it。

You take the power of that insecurity away。And I do want to mention you one more time。

 the King frame。Remember the king analogy that we talked about in the when she has other guys。

 open Re chapter。Imagine you yourself， have a perfect life。 You're a king， right。

 You have a bunch of girls。 You have one queen。 Everything is good。 And then someday the queen。

 you know， like does like fonds around with the with the with the jer head with the with the village idiot。

😊，Would it really bother you that much。 Or again， is there some deep。

 latent underlying insecurity of yours， Why is it making you feel like that？ Now， I'm not saying。

 I'm not saying you feeling betrayed that is wrong。 I'm not saying that。It is。

 It is absolutely justified。 But at the same time， use it as a great opportunity to learn more about yourself。

 That is what I want to say。 It's not to avoid these feelings。 It's to learn from these feelings。

 have them guide you inwards。 Okay， that is， that is the fucking key。 She already cheated。

 mightight as well get a fucking listen out of it。😊，Okay， a lesson about women。

 lesson about her and a lesson about yourself。 These three things， less about women in general。

 What is it that the woman needed to get， less about her specifically， was she low selfeststem。

 high self esteem and a lesson about yourself。 What do my feelings tell me here。

 Why do I feel the way I feel， And can I maybe feel a little better about it by working on myself。

 right。I do want to mention here as well because people kept asking。Staying friends， forgiveness。

I think it is possible， and it's not a bad thing。You can definitely stay friends with that girl that that cheated on you。

 You might not want to fully get back a relationship。 That could also be an option， though。 So again。

 it could be a good thing or a bad thing now important to know is it becomes a bad thing if you're doing it from the for the wrong reasons。

 okay if you're forgiving her for the wrong reasons。

 if you stay in friends for the wrong reasons and that wrong reason is you probably guessed it scarcity。

 you know， if you let her do all this shit because you think you wouldn't be able to do any better to get a better girl to get a girl that's as good as as her then you fucked okay and it's gonna happen again。

 understand， if you want to break up with her though， that's okay。

 you can watch the video both videos on how to break up with her and how to deal with breakups。

 that's cool。 then again。Breaking up is a choice。 Forgiving is a choice。

 as long as you do both from an abundant and emotionally stable standpoint， you're good。

As a sight note tier， too， you got to know that for women。

 cheating emotionally is much worse than cheating physically for us， men。

Cheing or being cheated on physically is much worse than being cheated on emotionally。Really。

 like for us， it's like the very act of thick insider pussy that bothers us。

If she has like some gay friend that shares， you know she shares all her secrets with we're like。

 yeah， whatever。 But for us it's the di and pussy right。

 and that's just as a side note just just so you know， for women。

 it's much more hardcore to cheat emotionally than physically just so you know。

 you can do that information whatever you want and oh， one concept as well。😊，Temporary truths。

 remember temporary truths。 It's a little important message for you here in order to make you understand women better。

 Now， remember， it's here for you to learn about that specific girl to learn about women and to learn about yourself。

 So women operate what we call temporary truths。 She might have said that you're the only one。

 She might have said that she would never cheat on you。 She might have said that you 10% satisfied。

Crazy thing is， she didn't even lie。In these moments。Women truly believe so for them。 Of course。

 I would never cheat on him。 Of course， it's because their emotions believe that at that very moment。

You know what， she goes out， She has some fun time with her friends。

 She feels particularly pretty that day。 Her emotions are particularly strong that day。

 She has a couple drinks， boom， she cheats。😊，Not because she's now lying to you。

 but because her emotions changed and the truth that she now believes in is a different truth than before。

 It sounds so weird for us， men， because we're like logic， logic， logic。

 She said that so she gotta mean。That's not true， though。

 She said that she meant it in that very moment。 And now she doesn't mean it any more。 Is it lying。

 I don't know。 What's the definition of lying， But you just just so you understand women better。

When she said she loved you， you're the only one she meant it。

And now she doesn't mean it anymore because she cheated or she means it anymore。

 she didn't mean it temporarily now she means it again so。It's fucked up what we live in。

But use that information to understand women better。

And to just kind of be more careful with things and not just rest on the assumption that she's well。

 she said， she's never going shoot， so I'm all good， right， understand that。As long as she believes。

 as long as her emotions still believe that， you're good。

 How can you change those emotions by being a fal in alpha male， right， So to summarize。

It's what you did to make it go that far to the cheating。 Not what you should do right now。

 What have you been doing up to this， Detach yourself from your ego and open yourself up to learning to learning about yourself。

 to learning about her， to learning about women in general， Also。

 did she cheat on you because she's low selfeststem， and she needs the validation Run。

 Be happy that she's gone done。Also， understand why you're feeling the way you feel and use it as an opportunity to learn and understand the concept of temporary truths and use it as an opportunity to learn about women in general。

 More on all this dynamic here in the when you're in a shitty relationship chapter and also more on that in the two chapters on open relationships。

 And when you want other girls and when she has other men。 those chapters will help the shit at you。

 This is what you can do， the girl cheats on you。