# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：4.她对男女友还有感觉（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Now， this video we'll be talking about when she still got feelings for her ex and what to do。

 First and foremost， here's what you gotta do。 It's the ultimate solution。😊，That's right。 You run。

 You get the fuck out of here。all right， you got that， you got the fuck out of here。Because。

When she see her feeling for her ex， she's low self esteem。

 and she has nothing to do in relationship with you。 presumably a high value guy。 Okay。

 low self esteem。 You're just a rebound guy。 and you didn't test enough。 Thus comminatorly。

 and there you have it。 right。 There you have the misery now。No。😡，Girls were fucked up。 Okay， I mean。

 so are we， but I also are fucked up If you're a low self esteem girl。😡。

You will identify with your ability to be in a relationship。 Okay， relationship equals good。

 I'm a good girl。 Okay， I'm a good， valuable person。

Relationship equals over what's gonna happen if you're a low selfestseemed girl。

 you freak the fuck out and you immediately need to jump on the next one because otherwise。

 what are you gonna be。 what worth are you gonna to be as a woman。 You're unworthy of love。 right。

 Remember how we said you need to test the girl。 because otherwise。

 you end up with the wrong kind of relationship。 Fun enough。 Sam goes for her。

 So she freaks out because she's not a relationship。 She needs a boyfriend。 She doesn't test either。

 She enters a relationship with you。 Unbeknownst to what's going on in her fucking low self esteemed brain。

 She realizes you might not even be a perfect fit。 She might not really be 10% into you。

 She got a relationship too fast and actually still still wants her old flame back for whatever fucking reason。

 Maybe he's taken her validation away。 whatever the fuck it is。 that's not interesting for us。

 What interesting is that she's not a relationship with her with you。

 And she needs to get back to her old relationship。 Bo， There you go。

 You create this misery for yourself。😡，By being in fucking scarcity， by not testing enough。

 and now you fucked， right。So yeah， get the fuck out。 She's no self esteem。

 Nothing to do with raceship， nothing。 Okay， again， nothing。

Now there is the possibility that she is using it as a shit test。

If she's merely using as a shit test， it is certain。Okay， certain sign of low selfestseeem。

 So you need to run either way。 Okay， you need to run and fucking test better for the next time。

 A high selfesteeem girl。 maybe just tiny little， maybe a high selfesteem girl will also test。

 maybe once or twice a fucking year。 But it's very， very uncommon。

 and usually super easy to identify as a bluff。 Okay， for example。

 my girlfriend mentioned it once about her ex。 And she's like， hey， I'm really sorry， baby。

 I'm super sorry having this party And because he's a friend of my friends。

 I'm gonna have my ex boyfriend there I that okay with you。 That is her test。 right。

 there's no like my ex bull， high selfesteeem girl。 like maybe mention it once or twice a year done。

 If that happens。 If she's a high selfesteeem girl。 then a quick。 You know， cool。 Yeah。

 that's fine and joke around and you're good。 Okay， that's how has that test。

 Anything above that any more extreme。amFor is a high sign of low self esteem。 And you should again。

Run， good forgot Can out。 The thing with these kind of problems is。Honestly。

 be happy when this happens。 seriouslyiously， yes， be happy。

If you have this program and you know how to identify this low self esteem trait trait， okay。

 then it means that you're well。