# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：4 Becoming Deep

Alright， right。 another day， another dollar here in G G go for game。 Gla to have you on board。

 And in this video， we'll be talking about becoming deep。 After watching this video。

 you'll be able to transition from the fuck boy to the fuck boy with more underneath the surface。

 right， It is a little step in between to become the boyfriend。 And obviously。

 we've talked about becoming sexworthy， right， all these things they take a while。

 It's not just you watching the videos， it is you watching the videos and doing what is being said in the videos。

 that is really a vital importance。 Now， there's two fixes here and becoming deep。 Okay。

 two things you need to fix。 number one， shifting from reliant on game to reliant on yourself。

 really fully letting your true self shine through and accepting it。😊。

And also working the right way with the player reputation as it means to get a girlfriend， actually。

 not as a crutch。I want to get a girlfriend， but I am the player now。

 actually understanding this is the best way to get a high quality girlfriend。 the player reputation。

 right， So let's actually talk about the very， very first thing here。

 shifting from trust in game to trusting in you。 And I want to。

 I want to take off here with with a quick story。 I think I mentioned it before as well。

 I used to be a huge metal fan。 I still am as you can see。 And I thought when I got into game。😊。

The reason why I never got girls was because I'm a nerd because I like Lord of the Rings and Star Wars and Jurassic Park and Dr forcece and Meallica and all these bands。

 So when I got to no pickup。 And， you know， I read my first book about how to pick up girls and shit like that。

 And I was like， okay， I've gotta be social Gota talk to girls。 there。 And I'm like。

 and I also have to hide what I like。 And I would literally， I would go through my Facebook。

 I remember I'd have a couple Facebook clothes， I would message the girls and they would not reply back。

😊，And I'm like， why is it， Why is it。 And I look to my Facebook。 And I'm like。

 it's because it says they are like metallicica because I like metallicica because I。

 it says I like playing guitar and all these things。 that is it。's， I'm still too much of a nerd。

 girls don't like that。 So I would literally go through my entire Facebook and clean it。

 I would dislike of unlike metallicica。 I would unlike playing guitar， unlike metal。

 and I would like shit of things what I would think that's what the popular cool kids like。

 So I would literally end up liking that David get a fan page。 shit like that。

 How fucking crazy is that and。😊，I would start going out more。 da， da， da， Ill get more girls。

 you know， with this， like， I like the house music and the David getta and all that。

 Ill get more girls。 And at some point， I was just tired of it。 I'm like。😊。

I remember I had this like night where I'm like fuck。

 like fuck everything who gives a shed this is like nihilistic kind of night and I was like。

Talking to this guy， she's like， what do you like？ I'm like， I like metal。And she's like， oh my God。

 that's cool。 Like what， what kind of metal。 I， you know， the hardcore stuff， like fuck melodies。

 fuck all this house music， It's ghetto。 It's shitty。 It's just a fucking do and pressing a button。

 You know， just going on a little rant。 And， yeah， and then I read the Lord of rings and shit like that。

 And the girl was like。Okay， that's cool。 So anyway。 And in my head， I'm like， it， it doesn't matter。

 I'm， I'm not getting rejected。 And it might sound weird to you right now， but that was my reality。

 I thought I'm not getting girls because I'm a fucking nerd because I thought I was only getting girls because of my game。

😡，Well as it really is like that I mentioned earlier game gets you the foot in the door。

 it gets the attention of the girl， but it is you yourself， your personality。

 your uniqueness that actually keeps the girl Okay， so again。

 like I started testing it more and more with my fuck buddies instead of playing like some house music bullshit while I'm making out so I'm like。

😡，Dragon force。 And I'll never forget， like。That feeling of banging a hot 9。 I was on my。

 on my office table。 what what's it called like my table where I would study it in my room。

 I would fuck her。 and it was just blasting inhuman rampage by dragon force。

 one of my favorite albums。 And she was into it。 and fuck to shit out of her。 And I'm like。😡。

This is amazing。 Like， this means so much more to me that you would ever think it was really。

 was very， very great。 So it's funny because it eventually became my biggest asset。😊。

The fact that I'm a nerd that I like medal and Star Wars。

 Lord the ringings became my biggest asset compared to the quotequote， basic guy out there。

 because now the girls had a guy。 Holyly shit， this guy is cool。 He's got game。 He's also different。

 Instead of smoking cigarettes， listening to the same radio bullshit and all that all the other other guys。

 This guy likes metal。 He plays air guitar。 It's a little weird， but。😊。

It kind of makes me like him more。 Ain't that interesting。 But again， more in that below。

 let's talk about the player reputation here。 I mentioned that just a second ago。

 you reeled them in with a player reputation。 You keep them by being yourself。

Why is that so important， Let's dissect that real quick。 Well， this way。

 you basically combine adhering to her emotions。With the player vibe and being real and opening yourself up。

The player vibe attracts the girl， you being yourself opening yourself up， keeps the girl all right。

 that's what we're saying girl from game gamer gettto keeper， right now。What do I want to say here。

 it's really really key， never underestimate the profound effect of the so called。

A rock star who reads books。And you see what I'm kind of going in with this video we're progressing more and more。

 I want to tell you another story， one of the best naturals I've ever met in my entire life。

 let's just call him D， it's not Derek， it's a friend of mine named D。

 but I'm pretty sure he does want to stay anonymous。He's a guy who's incredibly hardcore looking。

 He looks weird as fuck。 He has tattoos everywhere。 long hair。 He smells bad。

 He's just this pure rock star fuck boy kind of guy and。And he， he's。

 he's just this pure like the dick on two legs Pre much， right， The girls like。I want to fuck。

 I want to get fucked hard as and have my asshole lick。

 I'm not gonna get the nice guy in a suit with the proper job。 I'm gonna have D do that。

 The fucking sweaty rock star with the fucking tattoos and shit like that， right。

 So he literally embodies the idea of the dick on two legs。 The free fuck。

 the golden dick on a silver platter。 He's not gonna be the fuck guy was gonna call you the next day。

 he's gonna be the free dick， right， nonsmental has a lot of girls， you know。

 is the bad boy rock star。 Yeah， if I want to fuck， I'm gonna fuck that guy， right。

 because he's literally just a fucking dick on two legs。 Nothing more to this guy， right。

 nothing fucking more。 but what he does is he does that。 fuck a shit on him。

 And then he's showing what's underneath his surface because underneath all the tattoos in the bad boy mannerisms。

 This guy's fucking smart。 He's a thinker。 He's reading shit。 He's extremely musical， You know。

 he has， he's the kind of guy。 You can have like。😡，Long conversations with without getting boring。

 he's eloquent， he's extremely intelligent， he's well read。You would never think that about him。

 he's a go getter。 He's successful in life and all that shit。 It's interesting because， you know。

 he's also in health and fitness and shit like that。 And again， like knowledge。 he reads。

 he knows languages。 He's traveling in shit like that。 So here's here's the funny thing。

 And he told me that I'm like， like， hey， what's what's your game he's like dudes。 Here's what I do。

 Im at the par。 I drink a little bit。 with my homies。 I hold eye contact with some ho。

 And I come up and I see it in her eyes and she's ready for the free dick。 I am the rock star guy。

 I'm an idiot。 You know she literally thinks， oh this is just kind of rock star guy。

 nothing in his brain。 So I reel her in with my game。 I'm like， hey， what's up。 And the grocery。

 my God ding d and I just don't give a fuck。 I'm just pure fucking player。 And then when it's time。

 And this by the way could be either before he fucks her or after he fuck her。

 It could be in the first initial meeting in the first 10 minutes， could be after a week， he says。

 and then when it's time。😊，I'm going to say something profound and intelligent。

 and then I watch her jaw drop。So， again， he's standing there in front of the girls。

 She thinks he's just like some drug addict Coke dealer， F boy。 And then he says something like。

 yeah， Re cart， the power of now is's very interesting because the meditation did it day。

 And she's just like。This guy is both。I am blown it。

 this is kind of the direction that my game has been going。I have like the dirtiest。

 low quality date to sex bullshit that I'm doing with the girl。 Like。

 I'm literally just meeting every girl at the same location，30 seconds from my apartment。

 Pull him up here， F them。 It's just this like， I'm a fuck boy。 Don't worry about it。 I'm， you know。

 I'm just here to fuck， I am the dick。 You order the dick。 I'm here。 But at the same time。

 if I want to go deeper with her。 Give me an hour， man。 And I unload the epicness。

 And she's just like， holy fuck anydie。 This guy is a keeper， right。😡。

The crazy thing here is you're letting the girl connect the dots。

RightAnd this is so interesting because what you're doing is every girl that is popular that is hot。

 She thinks there's two kind of guys， right， She thinks there's the fuck boy drug dealer at Coke addicts here。

 and then there's the boring provider kind of guy that have a stable job Oh well traveled。

 well mannered and well read。 She's like as long as I'm hot hot and young。

 I'm gonna go for the fucking fuck boys because I'm retardted。

 And this is what my genetics and what my emotions tell me。 And then when I'm 30，35。

 I feel like I'm getting old and I need resource， I'm gonna go for that guy。

 right And what you show her by reeling her in with the fuck boy mannerism。

 and then opening yourself up to the epicness of you being actually highqu welleduc guy。

 what you doing with that is， letting her connect the dots between the two。 Now she's like。

 wait a minute， this guy is cool。 This guy is amazing， fucks me well。

 But he's also smart and eloquent and amazing。 And he has a job。😊，This is amazing。 And the fact。

 what you do then is you get to take it even further。 You say， girl。

 the reason why I'm this amazing fuck boy Dickck on two legs is because I work myself because there's this thing called game called R SD books。

 audio books， Jim。😊，Because of that I am this。And here's what here's really。

 really the great thing that's happening now is the following。 So not only are you becoming deep now。

 which is the topic of this video。 right， You're transcending the fuck boy， the fuck boy scene。

 if you will now。There is not only。You， but you're actually transcending the boundaries of doing it for you。

 Now you're not only doing it for you。 You're doing it for a girl。

 You're given her positive influence。 She now knows that you don't always have to be a dumb fucking and coke addict to be fun。

 You can be both。 You should be doth， right， It's crazy。

 You'll notice you'll notice oftentimes when you become some sort of like a。😡。

When you fuck a girl many times and you know you kind of hang out and then you slowly but steadily open yourself up more。

 you talk about the books about the documentaries and all that shit。

 while at the same time fucking her while making fun of her， you know， gaming her。

 giving her emotions。It's it's like you slowly start becoming some sort of a mentor for the girl。

 How cool is that Like because you know， they're oftentimes younger than you And they think guys just have。

 you know， they just have this guy just has the confidence in game。 He was just born with it。

 He was born with a six pack and the spike of the emotions and all that shit。 right。

 But you show her like， yo， I was a fat， insecure child。

 And then I discovered this thing called game。 again。

 you have her connected dots and you become some sort of a mentor for these young girls because many times these young girls are insecure。

 know， they're uneducated。 Theyre inexperienced in life because they're so young。

 and they just have dick flying in their mouth。 They open the mouth like excuse me and they're joking on some dick。

 literally is like that。 So。😊，Now you're fucking them well。

 you're reeling them in and you're teaching them stuff。 So you're transcending those boundaries。

 And then again， if you're like， well， I am the smart guy why don't they just like that。 Well。

 it's boring for them。 If you come up to a girl fucking at the nightclub。 She's dancing。

 she's thinking about Dick and diildos and fun and David Keta and the cool guys and do El Pre and the dancing。

 And you're just like， have you read about E Hol， it's a really interesting concert。

 I just about being present， You know， you shouldn't dance here。 and， you shouldn't drink alcohol。

 because it's poison for your body。 You should go to the gym and do squats and actually count the calories because there's the macros。

 And this is really important。 And also I watch this video about this the guy calledsy Tler and there's Elot house as well。

 He talks a lot about being present and stuff like that， because she's like。😡， you're not fun。

 Go away。 Like literally， she's like， her brain is just empty， and she's like。This guy's weird。

 Go away， you know， so。It doesn't work like that。 But if you woke up to girl like hate girl。

 What's up， come here， like fun， fun Sp emotions， fun to girl I was like， big guys， cool。

 I wna get to know and better。 yay right， And now you fuck the shit out of her。

 She has the attention on you。 And now you're like， by the way。

 I am that cool because Ecartli game nutrition。 So this girl's like， wait， a man a。😊。

What is the game， What is the cool， You know， she's like， okay， she connects the fucking dot。

 How crazy is that。 So it really comes down to showing her the importance of taking action because again。

 a Hawk girl doesn't know shit about taking action。 She's born hot or puberty kicks in。

 she becomes hot。 All of a sudden， she gets all this attention。 She hasn't worked for that。

 Hawk girl don't work for shit。😡，Sorry， this is the real world。 Okay。

 this might sound a little politically incorrect， but obviously there's there's tons of exceptions out there。

 but the general rule is a hot girl doesn't work for shit。

 She doesn't understand the value of taking action。 So again。

 by you showing her that you are that guy because you've been taking action。

 You showing her an entire life。 it could be that you meet a girl but she's 18 and you know her for like six months and you fuck the shit out of her over those six months。

 these six months amongst the most important months of her life because you're setting her up for success。

 You know， maybe after she meets you。 she's like， you know the Shawn guy。 I mean。

 now I don't know him anymore， I don't see him anymore。

 but he was all about going to the gym and becoming famous and becoming successful and just really put the work because he told me all about it。

 he was really amazing。 You know what， maybe I should put the work in。 And he said。

 you always said I should have big goals and you should work hard and he always he was still always fun。

 though， And it was so cool to hang out with him。 You know what I want to take action too。

 Imagine how cool that is。 And now now the old P U A。😊，Oex kicks him off。😡。

Leaving the girl better than you found her。 It was the last time you heard about that Cox。 Oh。

 he overtooks about that。 We're so busy F horrors' having a good time。 again， leave the girl better。

 Then you found her。 And you can do that by attracting her with the fuck boy player vibe。

 opening yourself up slowly， not all the way。 but slowly as as long as it's fun and value giving to her。

 and she enjoys it， and she gets good emotions。 And then you're letting her connect the dots between the fun fuck boy and the cool guy who takes his life seriously works hard and takes action。

😊，How epic is that and now you've transcended from being the player to becoming deep。Call to action。

to the falling。 if you have fuck buddies or one night stands， right， after you fuck them。

 after you've reel them in with your game， with your player vibes， talk about a book。😡。

Talk about your work， the gym， something that requires work， right， and talk about how good it feels。

 Let her connect those fucking dots。😡，And work on becoming deep。I'll see you in the next bit。

