# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：5.高级女友游戏：5.增强的沟通技巧（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Alright， And in this video， we'll be talking about enhanced communication tricks。

 And the reason why I put this video into the higher tiers is because it's a special video with tons of little nuggets that you can use while communicating with your girlfriend。

 effectively， efficiently。 and on a true to the heart。 Natural manner。

 And I put this in the highest tier because I said okay。

 only Motherfuckers who really want to get this handled will want to have this video。 So here it is。

 This is my gift to you。 Let's roll， so。😊，I gotta say when it comes to effective communication。

It is always extremely subtle。 Effective communication is never， no， no， like super on。

 like super obvious， super aggressive。 no， no。 It's always extremely subtle。

 That's what makes communication very effective。 Proper， effective communication。

 is the reason why girls chase you。It's the reason why you're voting for certain politicians。

 It's the deciding factor of having people buy your shit。

 And that is what effective communication does if they use it correctly。

So let's talk about the first one。 It's the he just gets me communication and talked about this India。

 she's got problems chapter a little bit。 you know， when it comes to girl complaining， etc cetera。

 how do you do it， it's really cuteto when a girl complains， she does not want you to fix it。

 Instead， she wants to bathe in her emotions and keep them。

 she wants to feel them as much as she can。 So here's what I do when my girlfriend complains。

First of all， number one， I just repeat what she just said in the exact same tonality。

So what it does is it's reinforcing that her emotions are appropriate。Spoil alert for us man。

 they're probably not you're like， oh， why is she like who gives a shit， you know。

 but it gives her that feedback that she needs like when。When women communicate with other people。

 they want to be appropriate。 That's why women are more agreeable。 That's also when women。

 by the way， have higher social calibration than any men out there because for them。

 they constantly ping。 am I appropriate， am I not appropriate， Am I appropriate。

 Am I not appropriate。 If you want to dive deeper on that。

 go get the book what's it called the female brain by doctor Bine Bantine well added here into the into this video here。

 It's a really good book And in there， she talks about the female gaze。

 which is a phenomenon occurring in and toddlers， female toddlers at toddlers tend to look at the face of their parents tend to 20 times more than male toddlers。

 Why， because they gaze at the face and want to assess facial expressions。

 So you're healing to exactly that when your girlfriend is talking about certain things that annoy her。

 I'm not saying about the hard problems that are ruining her life。

 When I say like certain things like oh my God， Jenny it works except the thing she wants to understand。

Is my emotion appropriate or not。 So by you repeating what she said in the same toality。

 you're actually giving her those emotions。 You're showing her， hey， you are appropriate。

 So example she said， oh my god， Jenny said that I'm fat。 how dare she And you're just like。

 Jenny said that you're fat。 How dare she。 It's just repeating that。

 showing her that her emotions aren't indeed appropriate。

 And then what it does is it elicsses this like content feeling of I'm appropriate， Thank you。

 So giving her what she wants on top of that， if you want to， if you want to amplify that。

 ask her how that makes her feel， amplifying her emotions。 So oh my God， Jenny said she's you're fat。

 what a bitch。 how does that make you feel， So it's amplifying her emotions。

 if you want to stack it even harder。 you can say what do your friends think about that。

 What is Lisa thinking about that， which means you're encouraging her to show her social proof。

 Oh my God， Lisa totally agrees with that。 thus it。F powerfulful that way。

 you're communicating extremely efficiently， effectively when your girlfriend is talking about things that annoy air。

 So again。Show her that her emotions are appropriate by repeating。

 then amplify her emotions and then give her a chance to amplify them through her social proof。

 What is X， Y， Z thinking about that， Wonderful， your girlfriend will love you for that。 And you see。

 I mentioned it a lot in the the entire program that the more you can give her things that nobody else can give her。

 the more you will bind your girlfriend to you， the more she will be attracted to you and do you understand now。

 if they would they would bring this hot， tall football pro player rich guy。😊。

He might be higher in social status than I am， he might have a bigger nicer body， bigger dick。

 more money， more social sta and all that。But can he give her at the small little things that are comprised of your game。

 Those small little communication tricks。 Can't give her out and deep thumb inside。

 She'll feel this empty， emptiness when it comes to satisfaction。

 She might be satisfied on the outside hotels， nicer places flying around the world。

 And is she going to be satisfied on the inside。 She can only be that by a guy like you。

 who has the girlfriend game down， if you will。 Well's talk about the next point here。

 how to take compliments。 Mo because。😊，You know， your girlfriend is probably gonna be a very nice girl。

 Shes gonna give you compliments and all that。 Now， many guys， when they get complimented。

 they see it as an obligation， Just throw little compliment back at her。

 But it completely completely defeats the fucking purpose。

 your girlfriend gives you that compliment because she wants to give you that compliment。

 not because she's fishing for a compliment back。 Low self esteem women do that。

 Your girlfriend's not going to be low self esteem。 At least a nurse point。 I hope she's not。

 So many guys are like， oh， she she got be nice。 you're really nice， too And the girl's like。Well。

 thanks。 But you're nice。 And the boy is like， well， you're nice， too。 No， no， no， you're。

 you're nice。😊，I just want to say that。 Like， let me give you that compliment for a God's sake。 Gu。

 just continuously see it all。 It's that obligation to give it back to her。 You know what。

 you know't， Here's how you do it。 You thank her for it， You're rewarder for it。

 And that's fucking it。Thanks， that's really nice to you to say that。 Comuter， kiss， done。

The thing about that is too， because it also makes if you just give compliments back whenever she gives compliments。

 it takes the power away of your compliments。 they lose meaning。 So when it comes to complimenting。

 you give her a compliment。 when you feel like it。 that way， it's coming from a genuine。

 honest standpoint。 And that way， it's infinitely more powerful。😊。

Let's talk about the next concept here as I call this the power of words and if you have the natural。

 you might know this part of the natural， this is extremely extremely elaborate chapter in the natural of the power of your words。

 what kind of words can you say etc ce。 I want to scratch the surface here as well a little bit when it comes to the girlfriend game context。

So here's the most powerful ones in the girlfriendling game context。 And again。

 if you want to dive deeper， you can go check out the natural。 We're gonna have it appear here。

 Can we appear it here， pop it up So they see the natural you can get it， you can get 100 off。

 actually， if you click the button below this video， if you want to dive deeper on that。 But anyways。

 here's the most powerful ones。 when it comes to the power of your words。 numberumb one， by the way。

😊，This， by the way， it's so important because I use it to amplify super epic things that I'm going to do to surprise her with。

 So， for example， for example， Lisa， for example， oh， by the way。Pack your stuff。

 We're going on vacation for the weekend。 It's so fucking powerful because when you say， by way。

 she will assume， oh， it's nothing important， but she will see it is super important。 So again， like。

 oh， by the way， we're flying to New York。 so sick。 So again， like by away is extremely powerful。

 if you use it in the right manner。 And another one that is really， really powerful is actually。

 you know， for example， Oh， I'm actually quite nerdy。

 the underlying communication of when you use actually is you're given her info that you don't give to others。

 A K， you're a special girl。 Okay， so actually，😊，I'm really really ner。

 This is especially powerful when the girls was like， well， you know。

 you probably don't even miss me。 actually， with thinking about you for a very， very long time。

 This is some， you know， hidden info that not many people know about me， but。There it is。

 And it makes the argument that you're going to bring much more powerful。Similar to that is。

 can I be honest with you， The， can I be honest with you。 It's extremely powerful in examples like。

 can I be honest with you， I'm totally enjoying this。😊。

What it does it is amplifies any compliment that you're about to give。 Can I be honest with you。

 I totally love the time with you。 Can I be honest with you， Your cooking is impeccable， right。

 The underlying communication here is my compliments are very rare and you just deserve one。

 And again， it amplifies the compliment， especially powerful when you want to open yourself up more Then I would always use things like actually and can I be honest with you。

 et cetera。 again， amplifies that。😊，Let me talk about the power of what you don't say because there's。

 you know， have you ever said that， like the right words or silver。

 but silence can be gold or some bullshit like that。 It's true。

 There's a lot of power in the things that you don't say。 So talk about the seeking for rapportality。

 Like， hey， really now interesting enough in a pickup context。

 you've heard as bad mouth this kind of toity like hey， guys， can I have your number。

 We don't do that in a pickup context。 Like you want to have the slightly challenging toity like hey。

 let's exchange numbers， right， that's much more attractive。

 but if you correctly in the girlfriend free game context， it actually works。 for example。

 when you have too much value and the girlfriendpher is like youre too much high up there and she feels a little bit inferior or a a little intimidated by a value。

 you can use the seeking for rapportality。 Like actually， can I be honest with you。😊。

So much more powerful。 if you combine it， for example， with the power of words。 Now。

 the slightly challenging toality that we usually use in pickup context， you can use that too。

 if you want to tease her or you want to use you want to emphasize your alpha status。

 So you play around with these toities。 Use them at the right way。 Oh。

 she needs more value of you more attraction。 use the slightly challenging tenality down or you want to open yourself up more。

 You feel like she's intimidated by your value。 Maybe you want to go up with a little bit。 Okay。

 that's the seeking for a poorality。 You can use those play around with them and use them in your favor。

😊，Now， I also want to say with the power of what you don't say is let her speak。So many guys。

 it's crazy they get overly defensive when the girl is talking about an issue， for example。

And then they interrupt her because I' like oh， I want to fix it， I want to fix it。

 I want to fix it right there exactly like again， fixing fixing psychotherapy mode， interrupter。

 it's not important， let's go fix it right whereas what they again don't realize like，😊。

Girls enjoy the hell out of their emotions， Both their good emotions， as well as their bad emotions。

 And by interrupting her， not only are you depriving her of the enjoyment of both on her emotions。😊。

But you're also communicating that what she's saying is not important。

Whenever you have conflict in general， with anybody， but especially with your girlfriend。

 listen first， listen to what she's saying Any single time you're interrupting her。

 you're showing her what you say is not important for me。 I don't give a fuck。

 You gotta train yourself to listen as much as you can。 best example of that is back in the days。

 I think it was in 2009。 was working as a music journalist。

 I was interviewing a lot of my childhood heroes， a lot of my current heroes， etc ceter。

 amongstt them was Joe Sareiani。 commonly referred to as the best guitarist in the world。

 One of the best guitarists in the world。 Either way a fucking genius and the guy I look up to。

 And I've interviewed a lot of people。 I've interviewed a lot of rock stars。

 I've interviewed corn Papa Roach， Trivium， Kiltridge G behemoth。 Like， I mean， not like Ma。 But。

 those guys fucking famous。 And this one always stood out。 Joe Sariani， because I came in。

 And he was， I feel like the first guy who truly listen to every。S question sometimes they're like。

 oh， I get where are you going do with this question So let me just jump in and answer it。

 let me just interrupt you right， and it's okay， I mean the rock stars I going to do whatever fuck they want。

 but Joe satrina and he would sit there and he would be like。No。

And he would listen to every fucking question， no matter how basic the question was like， how do you。

 how do you like Yenna？Oh， I think it's a great city to the。 Tell me about your new album。

 You just brought your new album out right？ That is correct。 Yeah， the new album does this。

 That it was like he was listening so much。 He made me feel so important。 And after that。

 I became just this Uber fan。 I'm like Joe Saiani best guitarist in the world。 Nicest guy as well。

 And again， it gives you so much more importance than you think you might have。

 It gives that other people， that other person that that feeling of， hey， you matter。

 what you say matters to me。 And that's extremely powerful in your relationship。

 So briefly you to the next point。😊，When she has her freak out moments。

 every any girl has literally every fucking girl has a freakout moments。 even high selfesteeem women。

 It's totally normal。 It's part of being a woman。 It's part of enjoying their emotions。

 right it's recycling their emotions， etc ceter。 So when she has a little freak out moment。

 I do the falling。 And I'm talking about cute little freak out moments not like my father died。

 Oh my God。 you know， like that's legit freak。 I'm talking about like a cute little freak out moment。

 like oh my God， I don't know what to press the button on the computer shit like that。

 That's a little freak out moment。 What I do here is the falling。 I pace， I lead。

 and I top her emotions。 again， pacing， leading emotions。 Again， her freaking out。

 It's part of enjoying her emotions。 Sometimes they need a little bad emotions on top of that into it。

 So you do pacing， leading。 a little bit of bad emotions into it。 for example。😊。

Pasting her first by saying， yeah， I understand。 it totally feels like X， Y， Z， right。

 And all of your left thinking is X， Y Z。 So again， repeating what she's saying。

 repeating what she's feeling。 now you're getting into leading。 But then you realize that， you know。

 nothing can happen to you。 And that I'm always there for you。 And the world is great。

 and that we're in this together and that there's people supporting you。 So now you're leading again。

 oh， I understand that you probably feel like this。 And it makes you think that。

 But then you understand that the world is great and that it always ends up well。

 And the good guys always win And you know， b， b。 So you lead her to a more positive outcome。

 And then what you can do is obviously， you can add physicals。

 You can add eye content you can add a little little emphasizing pause。😊。

And then you say something funny to give her that emotion。

 Then you tease her a little bit to give her that emotion until you catch me with the cleaning lady and found out that I have seven half Mexican children。

 I have to pay for it Bo emotions， Right So again。Whatever her problem is。Pace her first。

 Make her understand that you understand her。 Lead her to where you wantna have her。

 and then give it to rest with some fun teasing emotion。 I'm gonna give another example right here。

 So my girlfriend and I werere planning to go on a vacation， right。

 and that vacation is like two months away at that point。

 And she's freaking out because we haven't bought the flights yet。

 So she has a little freak out moment， which is totally cute。 I totally love it。

 I live for these little moments。 And she's like， oh my God， weve got to book the flights。

 We've got to book the flights。 You got to do is right now。 freaking out。 So what I did is step in。

 And I'm a yes， baby， Youre totally excited， right， You feel like you don't want to miss anything。

 or book too late， right， I understand that pacing。 But then you realize how much fun well have。

 And that we're ready book everything super early that we got tons of time and it feels super safe。

 and all your left is you can be excited for a little travel。 That is leading。

 leading her to like a positive outcome。 but actually。😊，Can I tell you something， As you can see。

 I use the power of words actually， can I tell you something。Me and Mike。

 Mike is the guy that books are travels。 Me and Mike。

 we've decided we're going to Barcelona together without you。 You know what me and Mike have is real。

 and I don't want to， I don't want this to be disturbed by you。 It's， it's gonna be so nice。

 And Mike is just really special for me at this point。 My girlfriend is laughing。

 like boxing me on the shoulder。 Like having a good fucking time because again。😊。

I effect I communicated efficiently， effectively。 Okay， I communicated understand her by pacing。

 I communicated her towards the feeling that I want her to have， which is safety。 I understand you。

 come down with my leading。 And then I spite her emotions by cracking a little joke about me and Mike being a gay couple and wanting to go there without her pacing。

 leading， throwing in extra emotions。 pacing， leading， throwing in extra emotions。

 massively powerful。 And honestly， again， you might be like， okay， that's like a little thing。

 I'll use it like maybe once a week。 D。 But it's these small things add up to a relationship being amazing。

 It's an amazing experience for her。 And also for you， because now。

 when you communicate effectively with your girlfriend。

 what she does is she unleashes her female emotions on you。😊，It's back and forth。

 It's giving and taking， giving and taking。 And she gives you youth and feminine energy back。

 And both of you are just profiting from each other， like crazy。It's a wonderful little thing。 Now。

 last but not least， I want to talk about outside communication。 Basically。

 the things that you say outside of the relationship。 But， you know， she's going to hear later。

 So things you say to a friend of hers。 And you know。

 she's gonna tell her that things you say to your friends while she's kind of an earshot and she's kind of getting it。

 It's， it's a wonderful little thing to say。😊，Because it looks less needy because you're not saying it directly to her。

 But at the same time， she hears it。 And if she hears it from other people， it comes across as very。

 very nice。 So when you want to say nice things， tell that nice thing to her family or to her best friend。

 because they will relay it to her。 And then it will like， oh my God。

 he said that so much more powerful。 One of the curious things I've ever heard was I was。

 I was attending a seminar at my university。😊，IForget what it was was I think a seminar about。

A fuck went about teaching some bullshit。 I had to。

 you know while I was studying Latin and English sub。 and it was LED by a guy and his wife。

 There were both professors in the same field， and they were kind of doing running the seminar together。

 And then one of the last seminars， the guy said， can't remember what we talked about。 But he， his。

 his wife is like standing in the room。 And he's talking。 And he's like， you know what。

 you guys don't understand really what I'm doing。 Nobody understands me。

 There's not a single person in this world that understands where I'm coming from and what I'm doing。

Except for my wife。She knows me。 She gets me。 And he just kind of mentionsions it it on the go。

 like bo away。 And I thought， like， dude， he tells us that but his wife hears it。

 And I looked over her。 and she was just like， ha ha， like she's like。

It was a very subtle expression on her face of like， oh， I love him。

 And theyve been together for a very long time。 So I was like this totally romantic thing。

 And in my head， I'm like， why is it so powerful， And I realized。😊。

It's so powerful because he's not saying it to her。 He's saying it to us。But she hears it。

 which makes it extremely fucking and powerful。In my head， I'm like， this is really cute。

 And then years later with my current girlfriend， I unknowingly did the same。

 I was It was kind of funny。 I can't remember who I talked to， I think I was Owen or Luke。

 and I was talking to them。 we were all hanging out in Hawaii together。

 my girlfriend was at the same table， but she was like doing her thing and I was talking to Luke。

 And I told him the story how I met or my girlfriend and how I thought the very beginning。 I'm like。

 oh my God， she's so beautiful。 she's so hot I totally want to make my girlfriend how I like choing out and shit like that and then the first day and then how she impressed me with being awesome and how she passes all my tests and how I was so impressed that I totally love her for a very long time already。

 And I'm telling that to Luke。 and we kind of jokeking about laughing about it， but she heard it。

 And she's like that cute baby。 And I'm like， you're not supposed to fucking hear that。

 But it was that much more powerful because I related to my friend not to her。

 but she was an eye ear sight earshot It's extremely powerful because you're not saying it to impress her because you're saying it from a genuine perspective。

😊，We wanted to share it with someone， someone else other than her。 and that， my friend is extremely。

Effective communication hacks that you can add， sprinkle them in into your relationship。

 and that way you give her what she wants that nobody else can give her。Not the rich guy。

 not the taller guy， not the guy with a bigger dick， but only you， because， you know。

 girlfriend friendend Game at its finest。Zijii。