# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：15.我没有足够的时间陪她（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

I don't have enough time for her。 And honestly， after I told you the last video to fuck off and watch the whole program again here。

 I can honestly say， I understand you。 Okay， basically， it's， you know， my life in a nutshell。

 I I'm a busy person。 I like being alone。 I like doing shit。 Got it。 So I totally get。 now。

 and honestly， I honestly， it's a very， very high quality problem to have。 so could us for you。

 if you're feeling like that。 Okay， good thing is， too， you're in to keep a。

 extremely high by doing that。 You know， because your time is rare And thus your values high。

 And you're also basically saying， yo， I got a busy life。 And that's clearly work it on yourself。

 So Congress， It's a high quality problem to have。 I have to say right off the bet。

 the more high self estem the girl is， the more she'll understand。😊。

But also she will have her limits to a degree and you need to find a balance that makes her still feel wanted and appreciated even though you're off you know。

 doing other things。Also， the more low self esteem the girl is。

 the more difficult it will be for you to deal with her shit because the more difficult it will be for her to understand that。

Also， the more high self eeeem the girl is， the more you can bring her along and she will gladly do so thus the next point。

 which is one of the solutions， one of my favorite all time solutions， take her to shit。

 you're doing any。Take it with you。 high selfestseeem girl will always support you in any way。

 In fact， and you know， it's in my MVP。 remember when we wrote about the MVP。

 and I said she's got to be on teammax， she's got to be supportive。

 and it should be in your MVP as well。 So high selfeststeem girl will always be glad to tag it along if she can it's possible。

 Yeah， you might have the excuse of like， oh， I can't take her along。

 She doesn't even know how to do the thing。 she doesn't how to do that activity and and all that shit。

 but honestly， does she really have to does she have to be able to to join。 I mean。

 I always give that example of an old old friend of mine。 He was this total video game nerd。

 like all he does is sitting in front of his computer the same chair for 10 years， the same table。

 you know， he plays computer。 and then he was a really nice guy。

 but I was sorry for him for a very long time because I'm like dude one of my friends。

 He's a super cool dude back from childhood。 but he's just playing video games all day。😊。

're gonna get a girlfriend he's gonna know die a virgin with like 30， I don't know if he's gonna die。

 but he's gonna be a virgin when he's 30 but then I saw him on Facebook and he has a girlfriend now she was even be she wasn' even hot。

 it was funny and and then I clicked on her profile and she has all these pictures with her love you know with her bay and it's literally like。

50% of the pictures are like her taking a selfie and him like in the background playing video games。

 So she's like sitting next to him like this。 And you see him like playing world of Warcraft。

 And she's like， hanging out with the bay like best times ever And I'm like。

 thats that's a fucking high self-estseemed womans I was so happy for him to get this kind of girl because she's like she's happy to join。

 Does she know how to play world of Warcraft。 No， she's literally sitting next to him as he's fucking playing How amazing is that she's like supporting him while he's playing world of Warcraft。

 And I have to say like a girl a girl that truly sees you as her king only needs to be with you。

 She doesn't even need to be involved in it。 for her， it's enough to just be there with you。

 And watch you do you think like for a girl that that is high self-eststeem。

 It's totally cool with her。 She doesn't need to know what to do。 She's just there。 She's gonna。😊。

Have a good fucking time。Best example is also kind of mentioned earlier。 I tell my girlfriend hey。

 I need to hustle I really need to do this thing now and her high self-esteem and amazing shit。

 she asks if he can have the iPad and sit in the background while I hustle。

 So she's having fun like playing T run on the iPad while I'm hustling。 And its again。

 because for her it's much more important to just kind of be there instead of having to be like he's not paying any attention to me like a low self-esteem girl would do。

 you know So it's great。 And honestly also well you might have the excuse in the beginning like oh。

 I don't want to take her with me yada， it's not gonna to be much more energy many times you'll learn to appreciate kind of her female balancing energy sitting in the same room with you。

 it's really funny like you'll be like actually it's much better like knowing that she's there。

 it's kind of much more fun than usually so you you'll learn that too careful though I have to say any low self-esteem girl will get very。

 very clingy with this kind of shit。 And instead of giving you。😊，Energy as you take her with you。

 she'll suck that shit out of you。 She'll suck the energy out of you。 not the seamen。 So it's bad。

 not good。 So again， girl， if that's the case， she got to go out of here you're not supposed to be inship。

 you know that by now。 Now also I want to mention on top of that。

 the second solution is it's kind of part of the first solution。

 but it's also important is you got to frame it the right way for example， if you say， well。

 baby just come with me because Ive got to do this thing otherwise， I don't have time for you。

 what she's gonna hear is basically well， you're not important for me。

 So let me kill two birds with one stone doing the thing that I have to do anyway and just kind of hanging out with you know just to get this checked off know L obviously that's the wrong way to communicate it the right way。

 something like that。 like。😊，You know what I love about you。 You're so supportive of my X， Y。

 Z activity。 So many girls would just bitch about it。 But you're so high value。

 You support me with that。 And you know what。😊，Just thinking about you when I do these things。

 just makes me focus better， makes me work even harder。 So I just think that just。

 you're just such a good influence on me right， So what you're doing here is you're establishing the attitude that you want her to have。

 Remember positive reinforcement。 We talked about in the how train your girlfriend chapter。

 And it's again like。😊，It's communicating it in the right fucking way。

So when you want her to come with you， you can also say shit like， hey， babe， join me。

 I need you to be there because without you， I got to stare into my ugly colleague' face all day。

 So I like to stare in your face while we're doing that。 So you see here again。

 like instead of communicating that you're enduring her and you're doing it just so she doesn't feel left out you actually communicating that like tongue and cheek need her and she gives you value。

 she makes her it makes her feel want and appreciate it。 And like I said。

 many times and even turns out that it's much more fun， much more inspiring。

 much much more balanced than energies with her beautiful female youthful energy there with you understand。

 So again， summarize this either take her with you and frame it the right way。 obviously， you know。

 test it out。 will feel a lot better than you might think it does really honestly。

 I encourage you to take to go out with you， even if it's like soccer or well warcraft Starcraft bring with you okay obviously frame it the right way。

😊，Or go ahead and do your thing if you really need to do that because you don't have a lot of time。

 But even there， again， frame it the right way。 You're so supportive of me。

 you let me do these things。 No other girl would do that。

 You're so high value and just thinking about you while I'm doing it。

 It just sounds kind of pervy thinking about you like， while I'm hustling while I'm doing that thing。

 Whatever the fuck it is makes me inspire。 It makes me feel inspired， makes me hustling even honest。

 So you're super great， right， You understand that is， I deal with it。

 If you don't have time for your girlfriend or less time than you would like to have。😊，GG。

