# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：您的重要选择（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Yo， must get up。 This is hustle Max here with your action taker toolkit。 Okay。

 I'm gonna be here for you。 I'm gonna tell you what to do step by step。I'm the fucking guy。

 You don't want to disappoint。 Okay， the content Max is the nice guys like， here's all the content。

 Here's a fucking hustle max。 Okay， here's what I want you to do。

 Here's what's gonna happen when I tell you to do something and then here's what's gonna happen when I tell you a post in the Facebook group because I understand that a lot of guys watching now they're like oh you know let me just watch the whole content kinda and just kind like maybe a little bit indulge myself little because I'm too busy。

 no， when I tell you to do something when I tell you to do a call to action。

 you got to th a lot with it， do not be the guy who just kind of skims through the fucking videos。

 if it takes you a while with the call to action like well。

 it can start the next video because I haven't done the call to action do the call to action。

 Okay this program it's not supposed to be this like watch it in a week and just kind of make the same fucking mistakes all over again。

 No， it's supposed to be this journey with you， we're here on the journey together okay it's supposed to be this guide takes。

😡，A couple weeks， if it takes a couple months， Who cares。

 or at least do the fucking call to action because there's a reason why I'm telling you these。 Okay。

 so even if I sound casual about the call to action like do this， you still got to fucking do it。

 There's no way out。😡，At the end of the day， it's not even about about disappointing me。

 It's about disappointing yourself， man。 you're paying money for this program。

 So go ahead and fucking act upon it。 Okay， and number two。

 when I telling you a post in a Facebook group， I want you to tell post in a fucking Facebook group。

 This Facebook group is full of action takers。 Everybody else who has the program isn't that Facebook group。

 you support each other。😡，The community of that Facebook group lives and dies with you。

 Take responsibility， not only for yourself， but upon yourself over it， broaden your horizon。

 take responsibility for the others。 Too， How crazy is that， You'll grow into that role。

 So actually posting the fucking Facebook group post a tiny little fucking paragraph。

 takes a 30 seconds to type it on your phone。😡，Even less if you type it on the keyboard。 Okay。

 so don't take the shit on the light shoulder here。 Understand that they're call to actions。

 This is your progress。 You want results that do the call to actions。

 You want other people to help you out， then do post on the fucking Facebook group。 Now。

 let's get started。