# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：9.通过她的初步测试

Alright， so passing her initial tests After watching this video， you'll know exactly。

 This is a girl shit test。 This is not a reply。's what gonna do。 Okay。

 it's an extremely important part of getting to know the right girl。

 Find the right girlfriend because you can see her as much as you want。

 if you don't know how to pass her test， she's not gonna be attracted to you。 So better Lisa up， I。

 Lisa up， go passing the test。 Okay， now apart from the alpha male behavior。😊。

That you're kind of actively displaying with the four Bes。

 How can a girl really know if she's dealing with a high quality man。 Well， she's testing him。

 We've already talked about tests and， you know their backgrounds and more like general kind of stuff in the previous chapter。

 but here we're gonna talk about specific shit test that the girl will throw it you at the beginning。

 in a context of getting to know。 you know， first approach。

 first couple minutes of talking first date stuff like that。 So yeah， let's get right into it。

 Now the first one。 one of my favorite you're a player。

 the translation of that is I love the way you're handling。 I love the way you're acting right now。

 I love a a lot of things about you and I think you're really really cool。

 please don't become a beta mail now。 why because well。

 the newbe replies to this test basically being apologetic。 He's like， oh no。

 I'm sorry I'm not a player。 I just love you like please go ahead and have sex with me like you're the only one。

😊，There's only you and there's gonna be nobody else just please come on my God I'm so I don't I've never had a different girl hurt to her like a look kind of shit right the player however reacts in a way it's like overcompensating a little bit he's like yes I am a player I know the game I fuck lot of girls yeah look at me bo you know he's like oh yeah I am a player he's like proud of it and and all it does it's basically over overcompensation and it's like overqualifying himself as a player which is basically like similar things that's overquifying yourself as a ban male so does really help there now the right response here is。

Any self amusement slash disqualification that you can come up with。For example， oh， yeahre a player。

 You're like， oh， I swear to God。 This is the closest I've ever been to a woman。

 I'm a virgin in a shit like that。 So you don't take her too seriously。 while at the same time。

 not being apologetic。Similar to that。 is you say that to all the girls， You know。

 how many girls have you said that to today。 This is obviously less happening in a more racial kind of context。

 It's much rather doing the initial first couple seconds of an approach。 especially like。😊。

take approach a middle of the street when you're actually smooth。

 underlying communication here is damn， you're fucking smooth and I'm a little suspicious。

 I think you're too smooth for that。 you must do this all the time。

 So what's going on what's going on right So the new peer is again same spiel very apologetic like no I swear you're the only one I ever talked to。

 You're the first girl I ever talked to just full on being apologetic about the game about him just trying to get to know a couple girls the right response is again。

 either something funny like oh the only people， the only girls I ever talk to obviously you my grandma or you can even just be honest。

 just don't be phaseba like oh yeah， you know， I'm just trying to get to know a couple girls you seemed interesting and that's why I'm here never be apologe。

 never be like I just want to get to know a couple of girls I mean。

 is's that a problem Like I have a dream which man could you talk to on don't be apologetic just be like yeah just want to get to know you you look very attractive and sure I talk to other girls that I find attractive to but maybe special。

 I don't know。That is just full on， unapologetic， boom， boom， done。 My favorite。

 let's get of my favorite。 one， my all the time favorite is you just w to fuck me。 Well， no shit。

Like， you're an attractive， hurted herpe。 I want to fuck you。 I mean， tu Well。

 like do you think I don't have a penist， you think like my about like， I'm asexual。

 I have the fucking mental disorder that I'm asexual。 You fuck the one guy that is asexual。

 Of course， I want to fuck you got damn。 Now， that's again。

 that is actually more the context of getting to know a girl。

 I could be on the first date could be a little later。 you know， it could be even after you fuck her。

 And she's like， oh you want sex。 There translation of that is actually。

 if she says it before you fuck。 Hey， you're about to fuck me。😡，You're about to fuck me。 But first。

 I want to see whether or not you will A judge me， right。

 like the beta male denying his sexuality or B， enjoy the sex and find it natural， right。

 Like are you the cool party alpha male。 Which one are you。 Here's the fucking test。

 You just want to fuck me。 Let's see what's going on。 right， the nuob is again， he's like， well， no。

 I'm just， I'm just like， I'm just here to meet new people。 like sure， brother。

 that's why you approach the hot girl in know cocktailtail dress in the middle of the night on the dance floor because you wna meet new people。

 She sees smells， feels that this is a fucking lie off to go by the male。

 nice to meet you or literally just like fuck off perfect response Here is something that I just did earlier。

 something like of course， look at you， You're fucking hot。 I mean， T。 So anyway。

 and then just Ramaz about something else。 What does that communicate。

 That shows that sex is something natural。 not apologetic。

It's also not a big deal Well you just want to fuck me Of course， I mean。

 look you're fucking hot so anyway， what I was sail to about earlier was the chicken nuets McDonald's tastes really weird like if you can put the curry sauce on it so again it's not a big deal and he's not apologetic。

Now， the next shit test that girls love throwing at you and you've probably seen that。

 if youve at least gone out once in your life， you've probably seen that the socalled girl freeze out。

 You know， the girl is going to the bathroom。 She might even said like I got to go to the bathroom wait for me here This is a super common super common shit test primarily used by low self-estee girls can also happen to high self-esteem girls。

 but low selfestm girls use it all the time and the translation of that is again。

 it's kind of interesting so far。 but I think you're ba a male。 So I'm gonna go to the bathroom。

 And if you're still waiting there like a little fucking dog。 I know you' bata male。

 And have you ever had it， you wait for her actually at the bathroom to me like she even wants me to wait。

 it's on and then she sees you and just walks off hey， you haven't seen I'm waiting I'm still here。

 maybe you haven't seen me。 and she's just like runs off。 like why she even said wait for me。

 I did what she wanted me to do， right？ It's perfect perfect example of the micro doing what she wants you to do what she tells you to do。

😊，actually failing it，'s the same as a macrob when the girl in the relationship wants you to do comp to her shit and you do it and then she gets a divorce and you're like。

 whyhy did she did everything she wanted me to do right？You see。

 you see how wonderful the thing going together。 right now， again， the nube replies with。😊。

Responds with actually waiting there like a fucking puppy dog is crazy。

 The player is' trying to overcompensate again a little bit。

 He's trying to make her stay right like maybe even becoming grabby like trying to call out like no。

 you don't even have to go to bathroom stay here right the holding the alpha frame which is very bad or a little better he actually runs off which is close to the ideal response。

 but still not perfect。 he's like dumb bitch shit test。

 I'm out of here and then he talks to some other girl and even though he would have liked to meet her。

 you got to know better， have sex with her he just misses her like he doesn't find her or he loses her and he's like。

 well at least I pass the test also not a deal So the right response is the falling the perfect player guy。

 the perfect boyfriend kind of material， he approaches a different set that is close by of the bathroom is very chill very under the radar he's not gonna go all in attraction。

 he just wants to stay in set when the girl comes back out and he's also he's you know reaching basically the so-called social hook。

Point where they're accepting of the guy and then he has an eye on the bathroom door。

 So when she's coming back when she's coming back， he can merge her back in。

 he's not turning his back on her completely。 like d， no。

 he's like talking do a different set while talking while like kind of looking at the door like oh you remember yourself actually all the time yesterday。

 the girl that I met。 I was like I wasn't even having an epic life moment。

 I was literally chilling in bed laughing at memes and then I saw her like 15 not  was like five messages like where are you I'm here now angry face。

 angry face。 and I'm like oh shit， I forgot， you know fucking putting on the code of walking downstairs I said ideally you're too busy with your own fucking life say you don't even care or the other thing that you can do is you can actually do a different set。

 So for example， same with the bathroom dynamics you at the Starbucks you're supposed to me or there she's not there yet 10 minutes go by。

 she's still not there Well， the chick next to you in the Starbucks she's like reading a book like。

What are you reading Turn down no way cool I'm next to you poo po now the hose shows up sees the hot girl like smiling at you like all down holy fuck。

 watch her pussy just get wet and then threesome not always but you can still you understand the dynamics right now obviously ideally you Instagram close the hot chick that you just talk to before the new chick shows up so the new chick gives you social proof for that new hot chick no the new chick gives you social proof for the chick that is coming to the date and the date chick gives you social proof for the new chick。

W win So now from the girl being late， you turn it around to getting a whole new girl and papan。

 But then again， this is the girlfriend game program。

 you don't have to do that if you don't feel like that So or the other thing that you can do if she shit test you like that。

 and you feel that her blueprint is dominance that she replies extremely well to a dominant man then her shit test is basically communicating like hey please be a dominant man show me my boundaries more the blueprint and how to tell what the girl response to the most we are talking about the love stories later on that's for the girlfriend game context。

 if you want to know more and know about the blueprint in terms of the pickup context you can always check out the natural。

 There's an entire chapter on that within footage you actually see the girl blueprint I find it and the hammer it in until she starts chasing me like begging me to finger her and shit like that very crazy stuff We're not gonna go deeper in here because this is girlfriend game you I don't want to I don't want to teach you the pickup shit this year for girlfriend stuff only。

Right now for example I remember at this girl in Vienna and we're on a date it was first date and she just kept like biting around and I'm pulling her out of the bar about to get to mind place to my Airbnb and she's like oh I can't do that you're stupid you're dumb and I'm like let' go she's like no。

 you're dumb and I'm like in my head I'm like I think she's she's so provocative because she wants me to man up blueprint discovered and I'm like and I grab her hand I'm like listen girl if you want to go the fuck home。

 go home your shitty little life but if you want to be with me here。

 get a man to fuck up and behave is that cool am I speaking loudly and clearly enough and she's like。

I could literally see how she's just like。Fuck horn。 she's like， okay， let's go。 And then done。

 It was a done deal from there。 was is very， very interesting。 But again， this could backfire a lot。

 if you're not 0 percent sure that this is her blueprint。

 If you're not sure you can always go with relaxed and not caring。

 that is very alpha already and that will do the trick in 90% of the time。 Now， again。

 this is a small excerpt。 all these like test example is literally content from the natural in order to pass her tests。

 you need to know this kind from the natural the program deals with loads more of I know how to attract a girl how to what to do on a date。

 what to text， what to do a night game， how to take her home。

 how to deal with the friends like all these scenarios and a pickup context is literally the mothership of game and you can always get it have a thing here and you get100 dollars off。

 you know， the deal by now， you can always get on board。

 highly recommend best combination girlfriend game and the natural really， really sick。

 Now last's but at least。😊，Guess what？Guess of what， any ship test is a good sign。People always like。

 she's shit testing me。 She's mean。 So I have to leave。 No no， no， no， no， no。

 The girl being nice to you is bad。 That means you're not even on her fucking radar of di。

 You're like this stickless little entity。 Like here come here little pay mail。 You're so nice。

 You know， I see that a lot of times when I coach guys in person on my boot camp back in this when I still did them。

 I would have like the most paid mail students， the most inexperienced nice guys。

 they would get the quote unquote， best reactions from the girl。 Like he would come in like。😡。

Hello ladies。 And they're like， oh， hey， what's your name。 And in their head they're like。

 what a freak。 But I'm just trying to be nice， you know， So they're super nice。 And then I come in。

 And I'm like， hey， girl， when you think of my friend， Oh he's a nice guy。

 you think he's ever gonna fuck girl。 Oh， I'm sure you'll find one。 Would you fuck him。 Oh， oh， no。

 no， oh my oh my God， no， but you said he's a nice guy， right， didn't you you say， well， he is。

 but he's just not my type。 Like that's the kind of shit， right， If the girl， however， tests you。

 right， You're weird。 you're short。 we're lesbians。 You just wantna have sex with me。 comes late。

 and all this bullshit。 Then she's attracted to you。 She is attracted to you。

 that's why she wants to test you。 She's like， so far so good this guy。

 let me throw in a couple tests and pray to Oie and pray to God that he's going to pass these God damnn tests。

 okay。Any shit test is a good sign。 She would never test a guy that she has no interest in。

 Hope that makes sense。 Also， shit tests are mostly illogical stuff。It's。

 I don't know why it's illogical。 maybe it's excuse me。

 Maybe it's illogical because it's supposed to throw you off。 It's supposed to confuse you。

 but it barely ever makes sense。 Now， we as men， we try to dissect it logically because we're all logic right and then fucks us up and we miss when we fucking fail the test。

 For example， we're not gonna have sex tonight。 Like the girl that's like jerking you off like making out obviously horn you fuck。

 We're not gonna have sex tonight。 You're like the fuck like you kind of seems like we're better has right It's just meant to throw you off or shit like you're not my type ditch girls gonna have a fucking type。

 We're lesbians。 Well， clearly you're probably not。 So it's again illogical stuff。

 Don't worry about that。 The underlying communication of the shit is is he going to change his behavior towards my bullshit or is he congruent with what he's doing。

😡，Right， iss he gonna get thrown off Like， hey， girls， what' up， we're lesbians。 Well boom fail。

 right， Hey girls， What's up。 We're lesbians。 Oh yeah， that's cool。 So anyway。

 the Plucky burger King over right， That's the guy who's not phased by it。

 So it's mostly how you react。 not what you say。 again， it's illogical shit。

 So you don't need to find the logical perfect response。 Like， dude， I've passed shit test literally。

 you can see that infield footage in the natural。 I've passed shit test literally by saying it's okay。

 My name is Maximilian with three eyes anyways。😊，Like the girl， I didn't even fucking like。

 I didn't even register what the fuck the chick said。 Some random dumbas bullshit。

 I heard it in the toity。 there was a shit that's like。 I'm like， it's okay Its。

 it Max with three eyes anyways。 What's your name and just passed like its okay of a white shirt Don't worry about it。

 Donald Trump， peaceace and love for the family。 bought Marley， Charlie Charlie Hamsley， Comp blue。

 darling piggy。 What's up right， It's just。😡，It's just again， does the guy is he get phased。

 is he's like flinching with his eyes or is he just like hurt to dirtp。

 I'm doing my thing I'm not getting thrownn off right hold that makes sense。

 most important tool in a guy who transcends the player stage。To the real keeper， right。

 the super epic alpha male boyfriend from material， right。

 What you do here is the answer with love like。😊，The player。

 he knows how to pass shit tests from a technical standpoint。

But when it comes to becoming that boyfriend worthy guy。

 you kind of reply to any shit test with love。 Now， not the validationcious seeking love。 you know。

 like， oh we're lesbians， but but I like you。 You love。 That's validationcious seeking。

 but with true love of expression of humor of flightheartedness of physicality， right。

 he's just like the girl's like， yout know what I have sex of me come here and you hug her and you show her that you're here。

 You show her that you're not phased by her bullshit， right， I call this the lighthouse analogy。

 right you your approach。 you doesn' mean It's like a lighthouse right at the edge of the water。

 you shine your little like， and it doesn't matter how much bullshit is being thrown at you， right。

 Like a fucking tsunami highways， the way that go。Oh。It fucking bolts of thunder and。Right。

 that's the girl's bullshit being thrown at you。 And you' lighthouse。 You're just like， love。

 you shine your little light of love。 having a good time and you do that no matter how harsh your see is。

 right， how rough the tree outs， right， feeds into this hole the hot guy。

 b concept if you ever heard of that。 That's another concept from the natural。

 And what also helps on top of that is what I call the little niece frame again。

 you love your little niece， right， she's a cute little five year old girl。

 She don't even know what you say again， it's not the validation seeking love like like the little niece notes's just like the little niece says something You're fat。

 you know， and you're like， I can be your little nie I like you how you how you doing right That's the little niece frame。

 right， you wouldn't take her seriously， either right。

 nor would you be mad at the little niece for calling fat。 It's the same with the hot girl。

 think she's a little niece。 You spread your love。 You have good times And then she will spread her。

😊，Also love All right I hope that makes sense now how to pass our initial test is extremely important to understand when you're about to attract the quality of your dreams so。

Let's go to the next chapter， G。