# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：1.成为她概览的最佳选择

Alright， becoming the best choice for her。 This is basically an overview video because we will be talking about this in greater detail and all the videos。

 But here's a little bit an overview。 And after watching this video and the following videos。

 you'll be taken from nons worthy and nonlo worthyy to first， sex worthy。😊。

I love how my voice crack that sex worthy and then all the way to love worthy。

 which is like the ultimate thing。 right now， this is still super interesting for guys that are in a relationship。

 So definitely do keep watching。 Now， first and foremost。

 this journey of becoming will take you the longest。 It's very， very。

 very long time and it's gonna be a while， but it's worth it and it's epic， why。

 why is it going take a very， very long time。 Well， simply because it never stops。😊，Makes sense。

 So really fucking key here。 Do not see your journey to becoming a better man， a better person。

 more attractive as some sort of means to an end。 you've heard me saying it before already。

 but it's worth repeating。 this is not a means to an end。 Okay， Oh， just。

 let me just do this real quick。 The game thing。 Let's get it over with。

 So I can finally relax and take it easy with my girlfriend， who loves me unconditionally。 No。

 this journey never ends。 It ends。😡，With your last breath with the last beat of your heartbeat。

 That's where it ends。 Get used to it。 Sincerely， there's a reason why I'm repeating this。

 You got to get used to the feeling that this is never going to end。 Really。

 it is like wake the fuck up， bro。 Okay， wake the fuck up。 This is not some fairy tale。 that is。

 this is like， it's just all gonna work out。 No， this is fucking reality。 You know that by now。

 this is what we stand for an hours deep， write the following thing down。

 the longer you spend working on yourself before committing to a girl。

 the better the relationship you're going to have。😡，Makes sense。

 hope it does the moment you strive off from the path of your path basically and become complacent for too long。

 she will leave you in the best case， in the worst case， she will fucking and ruin you。

This is harsh truth， but you need to understand that， okay which brings me to the next point。

 your current situation is your fucking fault。Thehorn situation is your fault。

 It's not the girls's fault because all the girls are horrors and all these days and there milk quality women out there。

 it's not society's fault because what has dating become do， you know。

 dating has but become some sort of whatever the fucking is you want to call it， right。

 It's nobody's but your own fault， It's a bitter fucking pill to swallow， I understand。

 but blaming yourself is one gigantic upside， if you blame yourself， you can。😡，Change it。

 You can fix it yourself。That is why we need to blame ourselves first。

 you can talk about society as much as you want you。right I like that you're gonna change it。

 You can talk about girls as much as you want that you're gonna change girls' preferences。

 but what you can do is you can change yourself。 Okay which is why you're bored with this program right now let's talk about the lies that you've been told it's a little further detoxification here as an introduction of our journey here The lies you've been told number one she will magically appear No。

 I don't know about you man， but I've never had a girl magically appear into my life。

 if she magically appears like squatting next to me at the gym walking down the street then I still got to do shit like I'm the one who talks to the girl I don't know I don't know about you but I don't get approached a lot So I'm pretty cool So probably you't get approached that much anyway either and that's anyway。

 not even a fucking deal's it doesn't matter。 You don't want to be in that position where you wait for the girl。

 Chances， by the way， are really high that she's already been in your life and you bailed out picture like literally picture all the girl。

You've met in the last seven days and by meeting me coming across。

 picture all the Hawk girls that you saw in the last seven days at work on the way to work。

 on the way to school， on your campus， at the gym， the grocery store walking on the street in the club picture all these Hawk girls chances are there's a decent girl or two in there right。

 did you talk to all them very unlikely okay。But again， let's assume。

 let's just assume that the right girl really hasn't come across you yet， right you're 1%。

 100% sure you haven't met the right girl yet， what are you going to do if you do？Okay。

 let's assume you haven't met a girl if you do a meet her。

 what are you going to do go are you what's your plan， what are you going to say。

 How are you going to attract her， how are you going to pass her test and guess what she will test you Okay。

 how are you going to not creep her out？Without any abundance， How are you gonna be physical。

 How are you gonna invite her on a date， How to have her interested in you， right？

 Just do your thing， and she'll eventually like you。 That's another。

 that's another fucking misconception。 Do your thing， and she'll eventually like you。

 who who will like you one girl。 one girl will like you。 the right one， right， is that。

 is that what you want to have as options。1 Thiss the one girl。 I just need one girl like me。 Okay。

 great， What if what if this one girl likes whos fat， ugly has tons of diseases， you know。

 is not an interesting person。 Great， that's that's the one。 there you go， little Johnny。

 just go ahead。 That's This is yours。 you go get her， you know。

 is that that's not what you want to get to to position where you have a girl interested in you。

 you know， please。Please do yourself the favor and forget any fairy tale story of the one right girl。

 You know， she's a virgin， yet she's a bomb in bed。

 she's been waiting for you yet she'll have no standards and won't test you， you know。

 she's just gonna be there for you then if she has no standards and won't test you then why the hell has she been fucking 1 dudes already。

 you know， you understand how weird this fairy tale is。

 the one perfect special girl that's and then and then you meet her and she's not giving you any shit。

 well， if she doesn't give you any shit。 how come she hasn't fuck 10 other guys。

 she doesn't give any shit anyway， you know， it's fucked up again。

 like forget all these fairy tale stories about the one special girl bottom line。

 and I want you to really write this down。😡，Because this is basically the heart of this chapter is the following there's multiple perfect girlfriend candidates out there multiple perfect candidates for girlfriends out there。

 they'll have options and are're going to be picky because they're high value women and so should you otherwise you'll be desperate you'll chase them away。

 you'll freak them out you're not be able to attract them all of them all of those multiple perfect candidates will require taking action on your part she's not going to appear magically and in order to keep her you need to understand social dynamics and the law of natural attraction understand wait a minute Max。

Are you basically telling me that I need to just to like go out and become a P A， you know。

 I thought this is a relationship product。 well what the fuck are you like。

 what about the girlfriend， Well guess the fuck what this is how it works。😡。

Its how it works with fucking a bunch of hose， just as much with this is how it works with getting a high quality girlfriend。

 women respond to a guy in abundance。You will be in a position of choosing by abundance。

 you will be sharp， youll possess the tools to get the high quality girl or the high quality girls right the high quality girl is not only hard and beautiful but also worth investing time in and interesting to hang out with again。

 you shouldn't have belief the mainstream Her I'm sorry okay。

 waiting just just being that nice little guy or any of that shit is's not gonna bring you anywhere you need to work on your quote unquote game now let's narrow down what it means to game when it comes to girlfriend game。

I call this the four Bes。 This is what you need to work on yourself。

 The four Bes are what we're going to talk about in the next couple videos。 Number one。

 becoming self reliant。 That is the first step after that。 Be sex worthy。 Second step。

 Third step is becoming deep and fourth step is becoming love worthy。

 More on that in the next videos。 I hope this boy wasnt Duranty。 Let's roll。 See you in the next bid。

😊。