# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：21.如何给她令人兴奋的性爱

How to give her mind blowing6。 Welcome to this little chapter and right off the bat Fcker like a dirty whore。

 No， just kidding。 Now it does have some truth it。 and you've heard me talking about this before the Madonna who complex right to just summarize it would quick We think that there's the Madonnas out there。

 the nice high quality women that gotta be treated like little angels and then there's the whos。

 the sluts， the girls that you fucking the one night stand。

 and those are the ones that you just fuck the shit out of now。

That's not true Both girls or any girl has both sides within her The nice little girl at the library has a horror side within her and the slut at the club has the Madonna side within her just like you have the being the boyfriend loving your girl unconditionally beside within you and this like we just wantna fuck horses raw dog them to the side like right we have both so you gotta understand you got to give your girl both so you got to be able to love her and respect her and listen to her and be careful about her feelings but the same time you got to be able to fuck the shit out of her and fuck her like the dirty who that she is okay that meant this derogatory term here。

You get the gist you got out here to both so let's start out with the mental things that you need to know first off when it comes to mentality we men we're simple right somebody touches our dick and there we are we're done。

 we're horny right that we're ready to go right it's like a light switch like my colleague Julian used to say。

Now for women， it's a lot different， it's a lot about what's playing on in their head。

 the process of getting turned on right it's much more gradual like a volume knob so you got the light switch versus a volume knob and the cool thing about that too is though while it might be a little more complicated to get a woman aroused they also feel sex much more intensely like how do we feel when we come like oh yeah oh yeah and then the seaman comes out and you ever watched a girl truly come like get a hardcore orgasm actually shit looks a lot more intense than what we feel so that's definitely a plus so。

Let's talk about。Being immersive。It's important to understand that sex should be something that is extremely merciful to girl again。

 we're trying to turn on her mind you know just as much as we're turning on her body。

 we'll talk about the body stuff later about techniques etc。

 but you gotta understand in your minds about the immersion of her female brain so first and foremost in order to make her in order to allow her to be immersed in sex。

 you got to come with a full on non-judgmental mindset sex is fun。Sex is natural。

 It's no big deal and it's wonderfully natural。 It's one of the best things that is extremely fun for both and it's for free and it's healthy and all these things。

 right， I mean， how great is that Now when I also say sex is fun。😊。

I always always got to remember that it's nothing to be ashamed of and it's nothing where you gotta go full on James Bond mode。

 you know， sometimes I've had it myself at the beginning。

 I would just be like super funny with a girl have a good time and I time for the sex get like porn James Bond in her And then it she's like why why are you making it so serious now it was so much fun before So Ill never sees being lighthearted with the sex with the escalation。

 always have a good time For example girls' pants are extremely tight。

 So like ripping each other's clothes off and then you try to open her pants and then she has to get up and like pull the pants down on her legs and it's take forever you're trying to help her and it's all weird that's for example。

 Always a situation where I'm smiling I'm like laughing like I get fuck these fucking pants get off Come on I guess you never go full on James Bond in her and try to be super smooth。

 That's a fun lighthearted thing to do And on top of that in order to keep her。

I kill all the distractions like kill them so many relationships end up like it often like sex often becomes too much routine for the couple。

 you know， they start having sex like while watching TV while watching movie and all kinds of shit。

 yo it's honestly a lot of a big part of immersion and sex is quality over quantity like if you can have really mind bogging sex once a day。

 it's much better than fucking her like weirdly and shitdily like multiple times a day and obviously one of the biggest most important things when it comes to immersion is eye contact。

When you're on top of her or she's on top of you and you're inside her and you're just holding eye contact one of the most attractive fucking things you could ever do for her and really hold extremely long eye contact I love it。

 for example， every time I penetrated girl I'm like look at me look at my eyes and I'm watching her eyes as I'm penetrating her that's such a hard thing so yeah that's about immersion so let's talk about her blueprint and her story right pay attention to her breathing as you escalate pay attention to the tension in her body as you do certain things right with time you'll understand what things she's particularly reacting well to and which one's less what is her blueprint is she breathing heavily when you you know when you pull her hair。

Well， that might be a little blueprint of hers right if you push her against the wall and she gets all hornnier in her body just like。

Starts shaking right okay， well， that's the kind of thing that she's into you understand or if you're like passionate and slowly and the way she's breathing heavier there。

 like pay attention to that and on the top of that also understands her story。

 what's the underlying story of her sex but more about this in a second So the big problem here is when I say。

Look at her blueprint， see what she reacts to Most guys tend to then just like just focus on that blueprint just blindly that one blueprint。

 you know， which makes the sex boring and extremely predictable you know， he like knows okay。

 the girl likes the clip things I'm just gonna mechanically do the clip because that's how she came like hundred times before right that's not necessarily what the girl wants you know even after because the thing is a girl has more blueprints than just one even after hundreds of sex sessions。

 hundreds I guarantee you you will be able to find new blueprints right you'll be able to find new fucking blueprints。

 especially because her blueprints also change over time so keep trying out new things you know different angles。

 different techniques， different settings， different positions， etc。

 see which one of those things she actually likes fun enough some of these she doesn't even know she likes yet unless you try it。

For example I had a girl in Germany I would meet her。

 I think we'd hang out for like two weeks and fuck like every day and she would just be totally into like stimulation did stimulation。

 everything I would do with the clip she would just fucking love it and then I would come back to her city I think a year or two later and I hit her up and she came on and like I know I got to do the thing with her so I would do the clip again and she would totally not be into it she' like no I don't like it do like the penetration I'm like remember you like the clip thing and yeah over the course of two years a couple months she's changed her blueprint and you got to be open mind about that you got to be willing to experiment around and find her new blueprint re it basically。

The underlying story， as I said。Is also important It's more of a mental thing than obviously the physical aspects right but it's super interesting once you know the underlying story and you understand it more and that way you can spike her mind Okay again talking about this immersive thing for her if you know her underlying story you can basically create situations that adhere to her underlying story for example。

 I used to have a girlfriend she was full on in like student for her and teacher from me kind of role。

 So she would get incredibly turned on if I know you know showed her how I wanted it。

 that was her story So I understood the story and I added it。

 I adhered to that while doing sex with her and I just hit it right in the dark she totally loved it。

 I had also a fuck buddy whose story was I don't know really know how to name that story。

 but it's like doing the forbidden。So she asked me if I could like act like while we're fucking that we're doing something wrong and I'm like overwhelmed by her my horniness and I'm still doing it anyway right like that was cheeseez that was some fucked up but really really really good fuck sessions so understanding her blueprint can really make you understand how to tilate her mind and making extremely immersive for her let's talk about variety because that is obviously extremely key when it comes to being in a long relationship and making the best sex out of it。

It's， I always pray like this， good but predictable sex is worse than okay， but new sex。

It really is like that。You gotta mix things up wild and fucking dominant versus you know making love being slow and passionate again here。

 Madonna Ho complex your girl has both sides okay your girl has both sides some point she wants to get fucked like a fucking horror and some point she wants to be she just made love to you know there's a reason why it's often the case that the girlfriend of a nice guy ends up cheating with the asshole right because he's giving her that that she's been missing and vice versa2 I've had it many times with the asshole kind of guy who I was just fuck to shit out girl and she just cheat on him with like some beta smuck that was all about making love right it's crazy that was that basically happens because many guys just master the art of one of those things like I'm the lovemaker I'm the fucking hard guy you gotta be both you thou shalt adhere to both okay women get turned on by the unknown They get aroused by it。

You can do that unknown， you can play with that on a micro level， you know。

 starting slowly but and passionately and then losing it and just fucking the shit out of her like within the same session or vice versa。

 or you could do it on a macro level， you know you can make love to her for a week and all of a sudden like you just fucking and take her like one day just like fuck the shit out of her。

Like we should add a calendar how many times did I say fuckuck the shit out of her so yeah。

 like I said， girls love the rush from the unpredictability okay。

 this is one of the easiest things to implement which makes a big gigantic difference when it comes to xray ship。

Being unpredictable。 okay， if you want to go full on with that shit， ban sex in the bedroom。 Okay。

 become creative。 you know， I once came back from my with my girlfriend came back to my apartment from a gym session with her and you know all the lifting and seeing her in the tight little fucking yoga pants made me so fucking horn So we literally we came inside the door and she was all in routine mode like do you want to take a shower first baby。

 what are we gonna eat。 And I'm just like yanking her against the wall pulling down her pants turning her around and as I did that。

 she's like she was just fucking crazy aroused because she didn't expect that And then we just have you know mind blowing epic sex。

 you know， Sam goes for her having sex in the kitchen while cooking like while youre cooking just like quickie。

 you know， fuck her fuck on the floor basically anywhere where she wouldn't not expect。

This is again one of the most easiest things to implement with the biggest fucking difference in the sex in your relationship sex and cars man how amazing is that honestly don't drive。

 you know respect the law and oh also sex and elevators this is so fucking at if you've never tried to go ahead and do that like I love it when you're in an elevator alone with your girl and you push the button and the door closes and then you feel the elevator going up so you know nobody else is coming and the moment you feel it going up。

 you push her against the wall， you make hours her， you finger her。

 you turn around and like again it's cool because when she's your girlfriend。

 you don't need condoms so you can be a lot more you know spontaneous with the penetration act and then you just fuck the shit out of her or you you make a horn and you finger her a little bit and you feel her up and shit like that you let her suck your dick and you can basically do that because you'll feel when the elevator is slowing down again and once it slows down you completely completely shut it 10 to zero back down。

 put your pants up。And just stand there as if totally nothing happened。

 watch her fucking losing her mind because she's so turned on It's amazing another thing as a side note that I used to do with a fuck buddy we would always ourfieldiel would be she would come out of my place we would order pizza because I didn't speak the language of the country that I was in she did she was a native I would always have her call the pizza place so one day she was sitting on the chair and she would call the pizza place and I'm just horny so I'd just take my dick out and like have suck my dick as she's on the phone ordering the pizza so she'd be like yeah yeah with extra cheese。

Like。No's like and then she's like， yes， oh， that's okay， yeah，😊。

Oh man so things like these turn a girl on like crazy and and then you know once the pizza was on the way。

 we fuck and then we came and then the pizza was here it was perfect timing right same goes sex of trains or airplanes again saying here respect the law but damn the shit can be wild sex in these like public transport kind of places and honestly here as a side note because sex trains or airplanes or cars it's quite uncomfortable know you don't have a lot of space you know there's slight discomforts etc so don't worry too much about making or come in there it's much more about the experience in general for the girl what I do many times too is I just like have like smaller little sex sessions throughout the day for example outside in the elevator etc just to make a horn and then basically climax is in this big epic sex session where we can fuck for longer time at home in the kitchen or maybe actually in the bed that way you know you build up you stack up the little sex sessions outside and then you fall on go full on。

When she's just holding horn and she can't hold it back anymore if you know what I'm saying and oh yeah another thing that is extremely amazing is you fingering her under the table at a restaurant。

 you know while while the fucking waiter is talking to you like what do you want and you just fingering her and dirty stuff in the cinema especially when the cinemas full or one of my favorite things that the other day I would be at a party and the girl would just sit on my lap and everybody would be talking everybody had a good time and she was she was wearing a skirt and I just have my finger underneath her skirt she was basically sitting on my hand and as she's literally holding random regular conversations with like some showed I would finger her and she's just like you could see how she's？

Go on forward fucking nuts。 And you can do these things with a girlfriend all day。

 It's really amazing。 And you see here all these things that I've just talked about。 they。

 they play full on onto the Madonna horror complex。 All these things here play with the intrigue。

 Okay， and that is so key because again， she knows that she has to act all Madonna in public。

 You know， she's trying to hold it back。 She can't。 she's got to be all nice， right。

 But her pussy is already pulsating wet because， you know。

 the horror side of her just can't fucking resist。You know， what's crazy。

 whatever you resist persists。 So she's trying to maintain Conos right while you finger her us。

 she just loses her mind。 It's so amazing。 You can stack that up with something that we call shock and awe。

 shock and awes like you escalate heavily on her。But you've given her default。

 She's driving you while like what are you doing baby like she's like what are you doing you fingering me and' like just can't stop it。

 You're so horn right Girl get incredibly turned on when they see the guy is you like losing control because it' horniness towards her they fucking love that only by the way only when she trusts you though this is really key like can't do that with like some random ho you're just man the first aid。

 I wouldn't recommend that but only if she trusts you that you don't actually would hurt her or something like that but because it would mean danger like losing my mind if she's never had sex with you。

 she' gonna fucking rape me now or some shit So obviously the girl trusts you though and she sees you losing control it's extremely hot for it something you know they must be probably wired to that seeing a man lose control。

 it gives them like a very satisfying sense of being desired plus having the power over him and yeah it's really really amazing And again。

 you don't always need to have her come for the girlss much more about the experience and also girls find an extreme。

When the guy is coming and you losing his mind while doing that。Let's talk about teasing here too。

 Like I said， male arousal， like a light switch， female arousal， more like a volume knob。

 So what I do a lot with any physical escalation。 I tease it first。

 This is more a technique part of sight， you know， lick around her pussy before you actually lick her pussy。

 So like lick you know the inside of her thighs and shit like that。

 And when you do touch her pussy with your tongue。 She loses her mind， kiss her neck， bite her neck。

 what's also extremely powerful。 is don't allow her to kiss you like she wants to kiss you。

 you pull back。 she wants to kiss even more now， pull back even more right。

 don't allow her to touch you either。 That's also play around with these little games。

 you know you might be that but with my girlfriends on into that。 try it blueprint。

 blueprints change， she has a lot of blueprints， she's not aware of every blueprint。

 go ahead and fucking try things。 And like I said， little fuck sessions throughout the day。

 where you fuck her a little bit and you arous her and then give her that one big fuck sessions at the end。

 basically also teasing right and it's very， very powerful。

Which brings you to the next point you do you and that's it sounds kind of funny now in the context girls want to be led。

 we've already talked about it being an alpha male you don't remember all that right now here's a crazy thing the law of state transference plays a gigchiantic role when it comes to sex this means。

😊，You focus on your own pleasure。 You will transfer that onto to the girl。

 So many guys are so focused on what does a girl like like how do I make her come I go to find the blueprint。

 No no no don't freak out too much about the shit， You focus on yourself if you're like doing anything that you like without being ashamed of your fetish like I can't lick this or can't lick that I can't spit on this or can't put my finger in that like just go ahead and do it。

 she'll tell you when she's not okay and most of the times girls love that feeling of letting go and just letting the guy do and then when you're like horn and you just fully immersed in it by the lost stay transfer because women are highly emotionally sensitive creatures entities because of that they feel the same feelings that you're feeling So if you immerse yourself you just let go it also makes her more relaxed it makes her let go as well girls cannot come under pressure they cannot come under pressure So take the pressure off yourself but just going for what you like instead of trying to make her come forcefully or whatever。

Which is also similar to communication， honestly。Tell her what turns you on？

Like youve got to be open with what turns ya on it in turn。

 that also makes her more open about it too。 She's like， okay， he's talking about it。

 He's okay about it so I can tell him what I like， You know， again。

 like sometimes she knows about fetishes that you don't know about her own blueprints。

 sometimes she doesn't know blueprints。 you' gotta try。

 but many times she knows about some shit that you haven't noticed before。You know。

s it's really funny that these girls have an ego too about how to satisfy their men they want to be。

Sure that， oh， what they're doing is very， very satisfying for their man。 I love that。

 So help her out with that。 You know， people underestimate communication after sex 2。

 It's crazy like。😊，Communicate after sex， what you liked and what you didn't like。

 you know if you ever done this weird example。 have you ever done a jam session with your buddies。

 you know， you play on your instruments and you just you play it for like 1020 minutes。

 and then after a jam session， what do you do。 Hey guys。

 that one part where you did the thing with the drums。

 I then't you played the soul that was sick man let's do that again。 know。

 it's the same with the sex。 It's a weird example， but you get the gist。

 like oh baby like the way you were writing me earlier， holy shit， you're so fucking good at this。

 Wow， just completely drove me nuts right shell make a mental note about that and we'll make sure to do it again next time。

 communication after sex。 let's talk about more techniques here。Citoral versus vaginal again。

 figure out what the girl responds to most。 Some girls respond much more of the vaginal shit。

 much more to clitoral shit is also possible right so figure out what she's responding to the most look at her body and'll talk about making her squirt it's possible and it's you female ejaculation and it's amazing for girls。

 It's like this like the holy grail for girls because they see it。

 they hear about it yet they don't know how to do it themselves and not very unlikely that a guy has ever made them come like I would say around 7080% of the girls that I make squirt have never squirt it before and they're addicted to it Now if you're the only guy like she's fuck like seven dudes before you and now you making her squirt for the first time now you're the holy fucking grail she's like I want to see this guy again because the way he made me squirt that was so amazing holy fuck we gotta do this again it's a great way to have them come again if you know what to mood the way to make her squirt is number one。

Make her aroused first she's got to be very aroused。

 she's got her pus's got to be very wet otherwise it might be painful because you are using quite some force here and massage her clip before because the clitoris is connected with the inside of the vagina and then what you do when she's properly aroused you've massage her clip a little bit you put one or two fingers inside her like this and then what you basically doing is you make a come here moving like as if you tell her to come here and that way you stroke the inside upper side of the vagina the ceiling of the vagina if you will and then you do that and you see her going pretty crazy about that and then what you can do is you can like full on like move your whole lower arm for that it's funny that I'm kind of doing this video for like in a sex sex education class but yeah the way because you're using a lot of force and you're just hammering that in she can squirt really really hard it's really amazing extra touch if you push down on her pelvis。

You push up here and you push down on her pelvis that way you make it feel even more intense and then she can squirt important note here some girls are very selfconscious about the squirting because it feels very similar to pissing so she's like oh my god I gotta piss now I don't want to piss on the guy that would be horrible you know I'm a lady so you gotta communicate that it's okay so many times it will make like a weird like almost like a sponge with water that kind of noise before she's coming before she's squirting and that's usually where most of the girls will stop you like because they feel like they got a piss so you gotta be like here is you gotta say like's just let it go I love it it's so hot it's so hot I love it I love it like really positively reinforce it and then she can let go and then enjoy the squirt and yeah that's how I make a girl squirt and let's talk about if you talk about it next one comfortable topic here if you don't get hard if you can't get hard。

happensens all the time happens to the best and it's usually always mental it's because you're little first of all a lot of it is watching too much porn this is not a no fat product but might as well talk about that because you were so used to the over hardcore stimulus of porn you like come shop copilulations like you're opening 15 tabs you see like 20 hundreds of naked chicks you aroused to that and then you're supposed to get aroused by one chick you know no bocaque。

 no aspect just a naked chick in front of you so actually by when I stopped watching porn。

I became such a horny mother fuckcker it's all real。

 I see like a girl walking on the street like in a jacket。 I'm like oh fucking hot。

 And let alone the girl like half naked or naked for me like I lose my shit。

 I'm such a honey bastar now。 So I highly recommend that to you。

 I am talking more about this in the natural tube， by the way。

 And so if that happens it's many times because you're not aroused enough because the threshold of you being aroused is so high by high amounts of porn consumption。

 but it's also mental blockage because you're not chill。

 you're not relax right like similar to girls not being able to come when they're under pressure。

 you can't get hard when you're under pressure。 So first step chill relax infinite amount of time。

 Second step， what helps a lot is turn her around many times just the girl not facing us takes a lot of pressure off us it's kind of funny。

 So now you have her fucking hot ass in front of her。 you can lay on her ass。

 which is something I like I just lay on her and I feel her hot ass on my pelvis then I usually get very。

Again anyway if not you can finger her， you know follow her ass cheeks or asshole or whatever and just you know do your thing you know lick her。

 finger her have a good time and just give yourself time and space as weird it as that sounds and then the erection will come back if you try to force it never gonna work never heard of a guy who's trying to force an erection that it worked you got a chill and then you let it arise proveverly okay and most importantly。

 do not apologize don't be like no no no， I'm so sorry I'm less of a man again happens to everybody happens to the best。

You know， just take it lighthearily。 like use it， you take it with humor， use humor。 You know， like。

 shit， can't kick it hard right now。 F my life are so hot anyways。

 just wait a second and you follow her， F around with her， have a good time。

 take the pressure off yourself and that way you give yourself the chance to actually get hard again。

 Similarlyly， let's talk about how to last longer in bed。 People overestimate that。

 Ive I've really noticed that with girls， too like。😊。

I've had many girls getting bored because I fucked them too long。 I've never had a girl。

Being unsatisfied because I didn't fuck them long enough for the girl。

 It's much more about intensity。 Like intense， super hardcore 3 minutes。

 sex is much more interesting for the girl than 20 minutes off her to Drp kind of drping around  sex。

 because again， for the girl， it's a lot about mental mentality， too。

 So a three minute super immersive， amazing passionate sex session is much harder to the girl than this like 10 minutes where she gets distracted。

 She's like looking at her phone。 She's like thinking about something， right。 So again。

 don't worry too much about lasting longer in bed。 And most importantly。

 don't ask underestimate the power of round， too。😊，Like， seriously， like。

I come so fast because the girls are so hot and girls love that And I'm again there。

 if I come too fast， I don't apologize either。 I'm not like sorry I came。 I'm like， holy shit。

 I came so fast。 You're so fucking hot。 He turn me on so much。 it came literally after a minute。

 That's epic。 chill lay down， get a massage from her give her a massage after 5，10，20 minutes。

 go ahead fucking round too， girls will love that shit。 They feel very， very desired。 They feel very。

 very satisfied。 by knowing， yo， I let the guy come after literally a minute， How sick is that right。

 And then you give them around two， you can fuck longer。

 so no fucking problem on top of that breathing breathing how so much。

 I got if you really look at you pay attention to the kind of breathing that you do before you come。

 It just like constrict breathing right， And honestly， if you train you have to。

Breathe in a very regular pattern as you're about to come。

 you can actually slow it down incredibly and one of the things that I love to do is。

As I fuck her and I know I'm about to come， I pull it out。

 I do full lot g spot stimulation of the make her squirt and then she squirt and then I can fuck her again so I fuck her again then I'm about to come again。

 I make her squirt again like sure like this like you can alternate between these two and that makes the thing a thing okay and on top of that PC training you can look that up on Google is the PC muscle you can train that muscle and the more you fuck the more power you have in the PC muscle and the less you actually coming faster there's ways that you can train that I'm not an expert on that so I don't want to give you any false information just go ahead do a quick Google search on PC training and how to do it right because there's also wrong ways to do it so go ahead and do that and then and then you know how to do last longer band that's pretty good now last one at least。

Give yourself and give her time。And I've kind of mentioned the socially conditioning on a man already。

 you know you better know what the fuck you're doing in bed。

 you know if you don't if you're not able to make her come then you suck that you're less of a man and all that shit。

 but honestly dude take your time it sometimes takes fucking weeks to make a girl come for the first time to make your girlfriend comfortable the first time because she's got to be massively comfortable with you and you got to kind find like your wavelength together。

 you got to understand her story and a blueprint etc okay she will also feel the pressure too when you're trying to make her come super hard all the time you know and it won't work at all if she feels the fucking pressure because also what you gotta be aware is the social conditioning on women is also bad know you're a slut you're who like how dare you enjoy sex right so there's so much mental bullshit that she's got to like go off in order to trust you first in order to come you know like oh don't you dare suck is di you get fuck yes and all these things you like all these kinky things so she's re she has to stick up her as she can't really like。

Go and tell her tell you what she wants， etc ce。 So take your time with that okay and also if you want her to make open yourself up more。

 open herself up more lead by example okay， you got to lead by example。

 that's why I said earlier you do you focus on what you like first focus on losing yourself first and the immersive hotness of the moment okay women are much more susceptible to other people's emotions。

 moods， mindsets， you know， she'll gladly follow when you first lose your own shit okay so by you focusing in yourself taking the time taking the time for her。

 giving her time and taking the pressure off you're actually able to。

Have her feel like she's in a nonjumental environment。 And then at some point。

 she'll be able to make herself come or give you the opportunity to make her come with the techniques with the mindsets that I've provided you here in this video。

 And if you focus on these things， I'm very very sure。

 and you should be very sure that the sex life relationship that gonna be hell of a lot fucking better than it used to be。

 Thanks for watching And happy fucking。 Professor Max out。

