# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：您的第11次指导电话

Yo， yo， yo vs it up。 My dear G G diamond member。 We show girlfriend game in here。

 And you can see this is more like of a of an intimate video because not many guys are going to see this video right here because only people who have purchased the girlfriend game diamond membership。

😊，So we said okay， we wantna create an extra tier for the guys to take girlfriend game extremely seriously。

 So if you're seeing that that's you okay which is really， really great。 Now as you probably know。

 part of your diamonds ti is that you get access to a full one on one coaching session with one of my coaches Now each and every one of those coaches that I picked to be offering these free sessions is extremely good at game is extremely good at keeping girls。

 In fact， these kind of guys they randomly fuck girls and those girls just want to boyfriend those guys up extremely quickly。

 which is why I chose them to be working here within the G diamond membership， which is very。

 very great。 So be aware that who you are about to talk to is extremely good at what he's doing and he's exactly there where you want to go understand that these guys are handpicked I don't just hire random fucking shunks I hired the hardest。

 most hardcore motherfus out there to be giving these free consult。😊。

calls because you know they represent my brand。 So I really want to make sure they want to represent top notch which they are。

 And you see there I'm saying this with a certain sense of pride for these epicness this epicness is going on in my team Now that means for you what these guys are gonna do with your free one on one consulting call they're going look at your current situation and then they're going to look at your goals and they're going help you figure it exactly out and the crazy thing is so you have girlfriend game at your disposal here you have the whole program What these guys are going do with this coaching call is they're gonna to look at the content here and they're going assess your situation and look at okay how are we gonna get you from where you are right now to your specific goals with the help of this content So they will help implement the stuff and girlfriend game extremely well theyll help you to guide you through the content of girlfriend game So it's basically the perfect combination of having the girlfriend game information here from this program and on top of that you have the actual。

Implementation via a coach it can't get better than that getting a mentor on top of the actual content you're having and you're now getting that via free consulting call Now the thing that you got to do here is to get that consulting call to get that coaching call is right below this video There's a little questionnaire you press the button it brings into a questionnaire that questionnaire is there for us to help you out okay it will literally take you maybe two to three minutes to fill all that out it's a couple detailed questions about your current situation about your current dreams and goals and whoever you're gonna end up with a call with one of my handpicked coaches they will have access to your answers so please please fill those answers out very thoroughly as good as you can as honestly as you can so they're able to help you out in the best possible way。

After you fill out that that little questionnaire you're going to be sent to a you can book me page where you have access to the calendar of my coaches and you just pick the time that works the best for you now one last thing before I'm going to let you off here。

These guys are extremely fucking valued Conulting calls with them usually cost $2000 per hour。

 You get it for free。 That means though， that you're not going to book a random time like。

 oh I'll remember it。 No， the moment you're gonna book that time。😡。

Okay you're gonna put the shit in your calendar， you're gonna be ready。

 you're not gonna to be on your phone， you're not gonna be in a car。

 you're not gonna be going out with your friends， you're gonna be ready sitting front of your computer at home。

 you're gonna have your camera， your webca ready and you're gonna be ready to fucking crush in don't book any distractions in the next hour。

 close the fucking door， lock yourself in only then we can ensure you get the most fucking value out of that。

😡，That being said， click down below， fill out the little questionnaire。

 then book the time with my coaches and' gonna to be really fucking， happy， G。

