# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：7.性_爱，同时找到合适的人（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Al right， sex and love while finding the right one。 This is a pretty interesting chapter。

 And after watching this video， you'll be equipped with the right mindset about 6 because spoil alert。

 not many people know about this。 Okay， now if you've heard melaborating to a little degree already on these kind of topics。

 but here， I'm going go in detail。 So first or foremost。😊，Is she a slut。Or a divバ。D， obviously。

 let's talk about something that we call the Madonna Hore complex now。This is the following thing。

Guys search in the midst of horrors out there the one Madonna girl to make that girl their girlfriend。

 right， And then they do find one that has very obvious Madonna features。

 She still has a horror inside， but she has very obvious Madonna features a girlfriend her up。

 treat her like a Madonna。 But what they don't know is that she is also a who We all are。 okay。

 being a horror is not being made in a derogatory term。 or not at all。 We all have both sides in us。

 just like obviously every girl has the Madonna the Madonna side in her and the horror side in her。

 just like us， man， we have the player side in us where we just want to fuck on horror that we also have the boyfriends side us why we just want to treat a girl nicely So do not make the mistake do not make that mistake and think girls just want to be treated like a Madonna。

 They say that because we know that already， social pressure dictate dictates them。

 They can't really obviously。Tell them that they like sex， they can't really outlive。

 they can't really practice their who side so they have a lot of social pressure on that so don't make that mistake to think girls only want to be treated like a Madonna。

 they actually want to be treated like a whore What does that even mean be treated like a whore they want to be fucked well。

 they want to be told what to do they want to be not taken too seriously they want to have fun。

 they crave the emotions they go along with it okay the crave， they crave the dominance of a man。

And then once you give him that， you can also tend to her Madonna side， take her out。

 surprise her with some romantic gesture， does that make sense， but you need to understand。

There's a Madonna side and a ho side in each and every girl and you need to be tending to both。

 especially when it comes to girlfriend game don't think that oh。

 it's just a one night sense of between them like a horn and and a girlfriend I treat her super well No。

 it doesn't work like that you still need to tear to both Now right down the following thing This is really key sexual attraction is the alpha and the omega of any good relationship between men and women。

Not any good relationship between bros， obviouslyernity to sexual attracted there。

 but between a man and a woman。 and I know social conditioning is kicking in right now。

 saying she like what a superficial macho asshole。 sex is not important。

 the relationship blah bh blah， the wonderful fairy does that right。

 here's the thing this saying like sex is not important， sex is not at all important。

 It stems in the truth， meaning that sex isn't everything in a relationship， but here's the thing。

 It is the most important thing。 It's not everything。

 but it is the very baseline of any relationship， right， So yeah， sex is not all。

 but what has happened is it has been watered down to an overly politically correct version right that it apparently now liking sex is wrong and sexist and superficial if you say sex is important in your relationship。

an asshole right， don't let yourself be fooled by that your woman needs to feel sexually attracted to you or she will get that sexual fixed by someone else right。

 she starts cheating。You know what that means。 that means it makes her feel bad。

 No woman cheats and is's like， oh， I'm such a good woman。 I'm cheating all the time。 No。

 it will make her feel miserable。 So if you wouldn't keep the sexual attraction alive。

 She's gonna get that sexual fix somewhere else and she's gonna feel miserable You don't want your girlfriend to feel miserable。

 do you understand now brought that example already， let's just mention one more time。

 would you still feel totally in love with your girlfriend if she had 300。

 she was the 300 pound beast with acne disgusting hygiene， No。

 you wouldn't you wouldn't be able to fucking fight her pussy amongst all the fat rolls。 Obviously。

 this is a little exaggerated， but you get the gist。So again。

 sexual attraction is the alpha and the armomicica in any relationship。

Especially even especially the long term serious relationships Now that being said。

 let's talk about sex and how long to wait。Because here's a common misconception。

Um that people have now usually many girls use sex or the withdrawal of sex as a test to see how serious the guy takes the whole thing。

 right， but at the same time。The guy sees that and completely chose himself out and the girl loses interest。

 So she is withdrawing sex a little bit。 She's like， well， you know， let's wait a little bit。

 let's wait until the third， fourth， fifth date yada ya until we have sex because I really like you and the guy's like。

 oh so sex equals bad right， sex equals nonreship So he completely chose himself down and completely neglects to sexual attraction。

And the girl all of a sudden loses interest。 and the whole relationship never gets to happen。

 So balance is key here。 Okay yes， it's totally okay to wait with the actual you know act of putting Dick in the pussy right。

 but you should still always maintain a sexual vibe。 This is really， really fucking key here。

 Okay for example， I gave that example earlier。 One of my last girlfriends literally pulled her after 30 seconds。

 pulled after 30 seconds， fucked her after probably 30 minutes when we were at home。

 was it was like it was crazy。 It was epic boom， pull go home。

 make out done done sex boom right She then became my girlfriend at the same time。

 my current girlfriend and I， I didn't push this hard on that first date。

 obviously I didn't even pull her after two minutes。

 I met her over Tider and then we had a date and then we went home and we made out and stuff。

 And then she's like hey， let's wait like I'm not ready yet。 and I didn't push further for me。

 I'm like， yo， you're really cool girl。 I'm really into you。 You're really into me。Sure， I mean。

 if it makes you uncomfortable， then we'll just wait and waiting we did。

 I think we had sex of the second or the third day， but。

I didn't completely chokepe myself down and I'm like， oh you want to wait with sex， okay。

 best friend。You know， no， we were making out， we were like touching each other。

 It was a very sexual relationship nonetheless， okay， so it's really。

 really important to understand that you must never have the girl betaize you with the frame of let's wait you can wait absolutely no problem but at the same time keep things sexual okay because it's not only a test if you're serious about the relationship but it's much more at test on how well can you maintain the alpha frame。

Okay。Alpha frame intact means。Being okay with sex， but at the same time， being sexual。

 doing sexual things， Al frame broken is okay， best friend。 And， you know。

 I'll take you to the nice little dinner and then even not even try to kiss you， right。

 That is alpha frame broken。 Okay， but more on that in the transitioning video that comes later on。

 Let's talk about love。😊，Okay， love。Love between a man and a woman is always the result of sexual arousal。

 kind of similar to what we said earlier。 There's， there's no sex。 There's no love again， like。

Love is just a very intense feeling。Built upon sexual attraction。Okay， and that that being said。

 you have to be aware that sex is natural and beautiful and nothing to be ashamed of， okay。

 that also means that you must never， not even also that especially means that you must never judge your girlfriend's sexual arousal or the fact that she had sexual with other men。

Never ever even in the slightest possibility you must you are allowed to judge her okay。

 you can't judge her sexual arousal， you can't judge the fact that she's like。

 you know you're lying in bed together you really love her you said to each other I love you you know the big word and then at some point you kind of talk about previous relationships and she's like。

 yeah， you know once I had sex with two dudes was pretty hot you know one guy fuck me you asked you I one fuck me and you pusy it might pussy。

I know what you' gonna feel。 You're gonna feel is like you are a slot。 Oh my God， you're a whore。

 how dare you right， you must never judge her， In fact， if anything。

 if my girlfriend says stuff like that， if my girlfriend would drop that bomb on me。

 I would encourage her because I'm like epic the more sexual openness this girl can bring to the table。

 the more I can encourage her to be sexually open the more fun this for me who cares with the girl did in the past who gives the fuck I mean。

 look at you you know of us the kinds of shit that I did before I got ratio with my girlfriend while I'm enriching with my girlfriend it's crazy。

So you got to be aware of that， okay？Any sort of judgment。

 any sort of feeling insecure is just rooting in you being scarce。

 you being in heavy scarcity and yeah you being fucking insecure towards other men if that is you got to get back to the drawing board you got to work in you you you again for a very long time until this student is fixed。

Okay， it really is like that like love you girl or your girls in general， off all of them in general。

 for both their Madonna and their horse side， okay， you got to love them for both。

 not just the Madonna side。And in general， also speaking you not just the ho side。

 You gotta love him for both， Okay， also， and this is key， talked about her sexuality。

 What about yours， Never be apologetic about your own sexual needs， desires， right。

 your sexual history， your fetishes， never be judgmental about her sexual desires。

 This is what you like。 This is what she likes。 You got to beware that。

Upon getting in a relationship， this non sexual judgment is so important to establish。

Now let's talk about love， more about love because。Love should always be free and never confined。

 What does that mean， So means you should never try to control your girl。

 Many guys literally use that as an excuse， I many girls as well like。

I love you and because I love you。I'm stalking you， you know。

 like you can't leave the house after Camp because it's just me loving you Now we'll be talking more about stories。

 but that's basically the police story or the government story。 They think like， oh。

 my love justifies confining， restricting my partner and that is really， really bad。 if anything。

 like I said， you can't control the girl。 but if anything。

 you could be a positive influence on her right， you cannot force the girl to love you back the same way you love her or with the same intensity。

 right， you cannot force her to do things you want her to do， you can only be a good influence right。

 best example， I cannot force my girl to go to the gym。I like a fit girl。

 I want her to be fit and stay fit over the years， I can't force her to go that no。

 no amount of love justifies me forcing her to do anything。

 but what I can do is it can be a positive influence。

I can bring her to the gym together with me have fun Sp her emotions， have a good time。

 make her feel how good it feels to go to the gym I can do that。 I can never force her。

 And the next one is also very important。 Love manifests differently for most people。 this is really。

 really key Some people say， okay I love you so much I need to be closer to you spend more time。

 Some people say I love you very much but I just don't need that proximity that much doesn't mean I love you less。

 it's it's just it's manifested differently for me so this is really。

 really key love manifests extremely differently for different people。 However。

 if they have a similar love story and we'll be talking about this more later。

 that difference is considerably smaller。 but again。

 you got to be aware that people define love differently and it manifests differently for example。

 the government story I just kind of mentioned it or a police story both are very fucked up stories thatre not really healthy versions of a relationship and you don't want to find yourself in a government or a police story nor。

You want to impose that on your girlfriend or your partner。 That story， for example。

 is it usually has an active in a passive role。 So the police story is a story of control。

 a story knowing every single step the other person is taking So for example the active part is like oh I gotta know exactly where and when my girlfriend is at every single minute of the day and that is because I love her so much。

 that is my story of it and the girl， the passive role of that story basically says like oh if he doesn't ask me where I am if he doesn't fuck stalk me。

 he doesn't love me either right so again， those are very fucked up stories but at least those stories go together but and they manifest very differently Now imagine you have the police story and your girlfriend has a story of being free that shit would not work at all。

 So gotta be aware of that and again we'll talk more about this later So if you're a little confused right now don't worry too much about that we will be talking about that。

 and this is really really key the next point。Love should never be defined or confined by marriage or any other sort of artificial commitment。

 like moving in together， whatever， right it should never be defined or confined by that。

 You love your girl。 you don't need marriage。 Sure if you want to get married fucking go ahead got my blessing。

 invite me。 Max andrealsials co I love weddings。 I love weddings。 but at the same time。

 it shouldn't be like， oh， you don't you guys don't want to marry。

 don't you even love each other then No， it shouldn't be defined by that。

 And at the same time shouldn't be confined， you know， oh。

 I'm not sure if this girl will be with me forever because I'm a showed and I don't I feel like I'm not good enough for a assignment I post marriage on that bitch so she can't run off。

 You can't do that either。 Okay， this is not fucking love has another do with that Okay。

 love happens naturally。 True love takes time too。 we see yourself totally in love with a girl after like。

week or two， it's merely the love that you project onto to her， it's not true love。

 so true love takes time， but love is natural， beautiful。

 and it doesn't need any other fucking artificial construct， construct。

 construct construct right now really key here。I kind of just mentioned it a second ago。

 you never fall in love with a person。이이다。You fall in love with what you want that person to be。

It's like we project our own stories onto an ideal， almost ideal potential partner。 right。

 We think that partner is ideal。 So we give them all the ideal characteristics。

 We're blinded by that。 That is a bitter pill to swallow and。😊。

I wasn't sure if I would bring this in the program。

 but I said it's an important thing and many people need to know。 You never actually love the person。

 You kind of love your ideal idea of them。 and that's really crazy。 Now sounds harsh。

 but there is a light at the end of the tunnel。 the more awareness you bring into that。😊。

holehole dynamic of you projecting your love onto her。

 the clear you can see and the better your choice is gonna be makes sense。

 So you don't love your girlfriend for what she is。

 but you love your girlfriend for what you'd like her to be。 but the more awareness you have。

 for example， with the minimum viable product， for example， with getting a lot of experience。

 the closer that projection onto her is to what she actually is。 Okay。

 so you need to bring awareness like， yo， I'm aware that I'm projecting stuff onto her。

 But I also know that through my work of myself， through my experiences。

 through my minimum viable product through my screening process。

 this is a super fucking close to my ideal girlfriend。 Okay， which brings me to the next point。

 love should never， ever be painful。😡，Any sort of pain in connection with love is a result of scarcity。

Of no abundance right， again， you see how key it is to reach abundance first。Oh yeah。

 I'm saying it all the time。 But it's so key， shit like I'm in pain when I'm not with her， right。

 I don't feel complete without her or without a girlfriend in general。

 all that is a manifestation of you not feeling good enough。

 you have no abundance and you're stuck in codependence right And most importantly。

 you will attract a codependence girlfriend， which is usually automatically low self-esteem or shit like I'm in pain。

 if I see her flirting with someone else， it's again。

 a reflection of your own inability to love yourself because you feel yourself inferior to the other guy if I see my girlfriend Concord flirting with someone。

 first of all， she barely ever does that because she doesn't need she doesn't feel the emotional need to do so because she's getting it all for me。

 But if that would happen。 I'm like， cool， yo， I'm happy you know， it seems like she's having fun。

 I do what am I worried that she's gonna leave me for that guy fuck No， I mean， look at me。 I'm。

 I'm having such a。Time。You know， I'm not feeling jealous about that。 Neither shoot you。Okay。

 and it should never be needing somebody。Much rather enjoying the presence。 Okay。

 so pain is never good in love doesn't count to like people take pride in that。

 I feel so much pain when I've met with her。 That means I really love her。 No。

 it just means you're fucking ched。It just means you're in scarcity。

 doesn't mean next point that it's not joyful because love should always be joyful。

 If a girl makes you happy， that's amazing， that's great。

 all power to you but you should never feel a lack of happiness when she's not around， right。

 or her validation is not coming in， right， or she's not texting you。 you should never feel。

 You should feel happy。 all's such a cute text for my girlfriend。 Thank you so much。

 I feel really good。 Her de dirtpe dirt， right， But it's not like she has text me today She hasn't said be the kiss emoji。

 That would feel bad。 All that's bullshit， right， So you get you get the gist by now。 right。

 It's really is like that。 every day， I wake up next to my girlfriend。😊，Feels amazing。 You know。

 I truly enjoy it。 I love her with every， every， every cell in my body， right， I love taking her out。

 I love doing cool shit with her。 I love， you know like going to a movie。

 traveling around with her going on vacation， all those things， but I'm not sad when she's busy。

 I'm not sad when I have to do things alone。 I'm not sad when I'm jerking half， right， I'm not sad。

 I enjoy it。 But again， I'm not sad if it's not happening， right， So to wrap up this video。😊。

Little rany video， I hope give you some gold nuggets here。

 help you got some value to wrap up this video， the basic definition of love is the following。

I'm a very， very happy person by myself。But with her。It's a lot of fun。 She gives me energy。

 and I give energy to her。 She inspires me and I inspire her and spending time with her is hot。

 beautiful， funny， interesting。 In fact， I love hanging out with her。 I love her。😊。

Hope that makes sense now， hope you understand the role of sex and love when it comes to finding the right girl。

 I'll see you in the next video。