# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：6.奖金：1 GF文字游戏

Girl friendend text game。 one of the biggest things that have been requested as I gotten in touch with everybody and like。

 hey， what would you like to have girlfriend games is like， girlfriend text game。

 how do I keep my goal attractive with the text game。 And I'm like， yeah， let me me write that now。

 Now， obviously， there's a lot of generalized game stuff here with the text game stuff。

 So a lot of it is a little less applicable with the girlfriend game。

 But I'm sure it's hell you're not， you' still gonna appreciate， You're not gonna be mad。 So anyways。

 first and foremost， the big problem here is。😊，The underlying assumption of， well。

 she's my girlfriend now， I don't need to escape， right this whole spiel of like。😡，I have arrived。

 I don't need to game like the whole shit that we talked about the very beginning on this program。

 Don't。 It's bad。 It's bad， you know， and and then what happens is text game changes from this like interesting。

 fun thing that you guys have to this completely routineutinized means to an end communication tool you know。

 instead of like funny banter back and forth。 It ends up like hey， I'm at the store。

 Do we eat more potatoes。 No， we're all good， Co， love you， Love you too， emoji， Like come on， dude。

 it's your girlfriend。 So do sir， God， damn sir， don for。Okay， because remember like。

Because we're innately lazy and want security， we tend to do the easiest thing and just。

And it kind of gets over into text game and like it transitions in another text game is boring and you look at the text and it it bores you too honestly。

 so remember the following。😊，Constant seduction and she will be yours forever。

 constant seduction in real life。As well as overtake game， okay， and again。

 have you forgotten how much fun seduction is， man， how much it helps you， how it keeps you sharp？

I mean， how epic is that。 It's not work。 It's a fun fucking activity。 Plus。

 it's great learning for you。 So in the next couple minutes。

 we'll be talking about everything that you could ever know about girlfriend fucking T game。😡。

So the general premise here， money comes a girlfriend text him。

 the more high value text you send her。 the better。 What do I mean by that。 Well。

 not high value texting is the following。 What are you up to question mark。 That's value leach。

 and it kills attraction。 And again， Well， she's my girlfriend。 I just want to know what she's up to。

 Well， wait the fuck up。 use a little bit of seduction。 You lazy fucking countnt。 So don't write her。

 What are you up to， instead， send her a funny meme。 Fe her send her a funny story， a funny selfie。

 something value giving that increases your attraction。 Now， of course。😡，I get it she's a girlfriend。

 It's not like you gotta go full on artsco game over text every single day。

 you know every single second， but whenever you have the chance brighten up her day a little bit the occasional。

 you know， hey sorry I'll be there 30 minutes later is' fine to I get it but as much as you can use some fun value giving shit you know who's the master in that you know who I learned this from the most my own girlfriend I don't know why she's never learned game but she is a fucking master in that okay I think the number of times she sent me just a simple what's up or what are you doing I think I can literally count it on one fucking hand she sends me cat videos but she doesn't just send me the cat videos she reverts them back to us So she sends me like a funny cat video like if one cat like licking the other cat like the head or the face she's like this is me when trying to sleep LOL she sends me random pictures when I'm like ran some random picture。

Like what the fuck is that and then she reveals the joke I go it's actually there she uses clickbait god damn it she uses clickbait shit like oh G like this old lady just told me that she loves me and I'm like what the fuck so I'm like inquiring for like my tell me what's the story behind that So she waits for my reply and then explains the funny story So this is again a great fucking example how being in a kickass relationship actually helps your game not only makes me love her more not only brightens it up my day it also makes me think well how can I increase her day how can I increase attraction for her how can I do something funny like this It's a great fucking example of when you meet the right girl you just get so much value out of it then you then can get can give back to her So it's break it down a little bit what is she doing that is so that is so so powerful things inside jokes。

Great fucking way to give value since they'll probably only be valuable or funny for the two of you because it's your inside joke。

 You sp promotion， but you also create massive fucking rapport because she'll be like， oh。

 you remembers the inside joke。 He remembers it。 It's obviously really。

 really powerful in game in general， but especially powerful in your fucking relationship。

 The great thing here is。😡，Excuse me A great thing here is。

Great thing here is the two of you are already in a relationship。

 so you're creating a tons of inside jokes so there should be tons of material， for example。

 me and my girlfriend have Toby， the golden donkey I can't even remember what。😊。

What classic we talked about it but at some point she's like I think she said I'm tired and I't want to go there and I'm like you can always ride on a donkey like a golden donkey So she's like I like that。

 what's his name and I'm like Toby because it's such a donkey name So now like whenever I bring that up like oh Toby the donkey dude this is shit we've talked about a year ago how cute is that that she still remembers that or if I still remember it and you come back to that it spikes her emotions and it brings her back to the time when you guys were joking about that plus it increases rapport because you remember Another thing is I remember that years ago I had this girl she wasn't really my girlfriend but she was from Iran and I kept making fun of her because for me like Iran is like oh the Middle East it's likeadin and you have the magic carpet So I would send her like some video of like a guy writing a magic carpet I just send her that and she's like what the fuck and I'm like I can show you the funny shit like that but you get the gist inside jokes really really amazing and by the way feels。

Right into the following， be a little bit of a dick。

It's obviously a great rule for any type of game also in real life。 but it really。

 it's really great for text game just as much。 For example， I love it。

 I'll never forget that my girlfriend would send me a text a picture of an agent M bag。

 She's holding it very proudly and she's like my new bikinis finally。 And I'm like my reply was like。

 wow， you gonna look so good in that plastic bag， Heart emoji， heart emoji。

 a little bit of a dick teasing her general spike in emotion you get dig gist right or another example。

 when she ask me random shit like in the middle of the night， she does that all the time。

 Like in the middle of the night。' like， what do I do this， What is that And I'm just like。

 go to bed， little girl， It's late。 So again， don't These examples are basically there to pinpoint for you。

 don't。😊，Be afraid of being a little bit of a dick。 Like go to bed， baby。 I'm not gonna answer that。

 It's too late now。 So don't be afraid of being a little bit of a dick even over text game。

 which brings to the next point。 something my girlfriend does extremely well。 clickbait。

 use fucking clickbait， go to fucking busfe go to fucking or whatever the fuck there's like tons of these shitty websites and just read the headlines of their articles。

 Why do you want to read their shitty you know， their shitty articles。

 Why you still read them because the clickbait titles are super fucking on points。 So again。😡。

Literally just adding a little bit of a clickbait to an otherwise quote unquote regular message already does fucking wonders so you know for example。

 you write， guess what， you just send it out guess what？😊，And she's like， oh my God what， well。

 and then you reply back， I bought an extra avocado so you can make your favorite toasts again。

Makes it much more interesting Like this little thing makes the general message that you bought an extra avocado a lot more interesting already or OMG all caps。

 you'll never guess what happened And then she's like， oh my God， what happened。

 what happened Nothing I fell asleep during studying and now I slept four hours LOL things like that mean the world to your relationship。

Now， let me talk about memes。 memes are holarious。 Its funny。 And it honestly is the easiest。

 simplest way to make her fucking laugh。 And it's also a great way to learn quicked quick wted humor yourself。

 and it's especially effective if you use it as inside jokes。 example from earlier that I said。

 my girlfriend sending me like cat videos the one cat like lick another cat's face and she's fitting it into our life situation as some sort of inside joke like oh。

's me when you're trying to sleep because I know she's always trying to not make me fall asleep because she keeps doing things when we're trying to fall asleep。

 So it's an inside joke and and I love how it works like that。 Okay so again。

 if she send memes sending a meme itself is funny and value。 It's good。

 sending a meme and reverting it back to the relationship is really， really good。 sending a meme。

 reverting it back to your relationship and using it as inside joke is extremely fucking powerful。

 And I have to say。😊，If you really think about it， like this shit is shit that girls do all the time to each other。

They send themselves beams back and forth and learn from girls， it's again。

 it's so valuable to be in a relationship with the high quality girls go because it makes you understand and learn this kind of shit like oh my God。

 this is so cool I see my girlfriend saying that shit back and forth I'll do it with her and it's very very fucking powerful。

Let's talk about voice messages， you know there's apps like Viber or Whatsapp where you can leave voice messages to each other it's an extremely fuck and powerful tool for game in general。

 but obviously also for relationship King why？Because it opens up a great part of subcommunation and otherwise would just be lost in text。

 Like if you use voice messages。 what subcommunication does she have。

 She has the toality of your voice。 She has the sound of your voice。

 She can feel the position of your body。 Like if you're like tense story if you're chilling if you're relaxed if you leaning back it's up like that。

 It's again， like it' it's mostly for regular game。

 it's extremely powerful while obviously just as powerful with your girlfriend。 For example。

 how I would do it is I would always leave voice messages either in a very relaxed state。

 and I would literally lean back and I would smile into the phone because actually， if you would。

 for example， close your eyes right now。 close your eyes as you're listening to my voice。

 you could literally hear how I'm smiling。 Isn't that funny。

 you literally hear that I was just smiling what I said， you hear it。

 it's a slight change inality that our body recognizes our ears， our brains are recognizing that。

 So I smile， I literally smile into the Whatsapp and I'm leaning back because now my voice sounds a lot sex here a lot more。

😊，I either do that or something that a friend of mine Kevin does especially more in the context of picking up girls who would always leave voice messages in a social proof environment。

 so he would literally leave a voice message to invite the next girl to a date while he's going to school so he's in college and he was extremely fucking popular in college he would enter the fucking building while leaving the voice message in the background youd like Kevin Kevin hes like hey guys guys one second on the phone real quick literally like every 10 seconds you would hear somebody fucking yell his name it was amazing it was nuts So when you leave voice messages like that and in the background you have people like yelling your name or like cool music and people laughing and having a good time that's very。

 very social fucking proof and also what I like is I laugh I laugh the phone when she sends me a funny text and like I read the text as I'm reading it I'm recording because then I'm laugh I'm recording the laugh It's a lot of subcommunication he can't have in regular text but。

can very well have it in voice messages similar to that pictures and videos。

 there's a lot of communication that you can actually send with that same concept here。

 more sub communication， okay？On top of that， though， be different than any other showed。

 What are shows doing， What are the dumb shit that shows are sending Like usually like the dumbass fucking mirror selfies without a shirt。

 Like， I've never heard a girl say like oh my God， have you've seen this guy's six pack mirror selfies。

 I really want to fuck him now。 I've never heard a girl say that。 Basically。

 guys try to post anything that makes them look cool， it does look make them look cool。

 But the same time extremely fucking Try hard。 Instead， if you do send pictures。😡。

I like showing my bored and slightly annoyed face while I'm sitting in the tram。

 like public transport。Like that or a hardcore face when I'm about to eat the food。

 So you have like the nice Kinoa salad in front of you and you're like。You to help me。 Thats shit。

 That is funny。 That is interesting。 That is fucking different。 Okay， or a super cool。

 amazing picture of you lifting a two pound dumbbell。 So you get the gist。

's it's funny It's self amusing。 It's almost like making fun of yourself in a slightly slightly weird and funny way。

 That's the kind of pictures and or videos obviously that you want to send。

 So with videos it's basically the same concept。 But you can also what you can also do with videos is you can actually do it to actually do it to communicate。

 So you can tell her what you've been up to like， hey just want to say we're doing this right now。

 I've been doing this。 you know， it's especially key in a longter relationship and long term in a long distance relationship example of you snowboarding like look snowboard like writing it down or like hey。

 we're watching this movie in the theater right now and you record like 10 seconds。😊。

You're on the airport， walking to the airport，'re hanging out with your friends or your mom。

 et cetera。 You get the gist。 You can use these little update videos to send each other that are very。

 very nice and very， very powerful。 Now， let me talk about。😊，AlAlmost last but at least I love you。

And I've mentioned it earlier， I hate it when guys or couples in general。They make。

 I honestly think like some of the three most powerful words in the world。

 they use them so much that they literallyly lose all the value， again， they example from above。

 right do we still need potatoes， No real good， thanks baby love you。

 love you too like come on dude' you're not meaning it you're just saying it you're diminishing the power of the word don't devalue it by using it all the time。

Don't say it in a routine， say it when you fucking mean it。You know。

 instead of saying I love you 10 times， say it one time a day， one time a week。

 but then it fucking means something。 that is something where I'm in a relationship。

 I'm not in a relationship so I can say I love you all the fucking time。

 I'm in a relationship because I love her。 And when Ive mean it。 when I say it。

 I want to fucking mean it。 And when I mean it， I fucking say it。

 I don't say it because we ran out of potatoes。😡，That's not the reason why you love her。

 You love her when she sends you something cute when it's 1 AM and you're apart from each other and you want to let her know how much you love her。

 You just said her， I love you。 You just want to say I love you。

 Maybe like a cute meme with a little teddy bear。 How cute is that。

 That's much more valuable than wey potatoes know， love you。 I love you， too。

 I understand You see the difference。😊，Which brings us to the very。

 very last point that is fights over text。Don't ever。Discuss anything important over fucking text。

 Don't ever， why？😡，Why， because there's no， you can't communicate alpha male。

 you can't communicate safety， you can't communicate。Understanding and empathy well enough over text。

You can do all that in person。 And by the way， go ahead。

 watch the chapter of how to how to handle fights。 There's no shit of like。

 say these exact same words or use that text。 It's all about sub communicationation。

 So you don't have access to that sub communication properly when it comes to text game。

 not even with videos or pictures or voice messages。 So you got to be able to say here。 Yo。

 let's trim it here。 We can't do that。 for example。 So I've mentioned that before。

That women have horrible fucking in timing when it comes to striking up discussions because again。

 their primary drives emotions And you know， when those emotions arise。

 then it feels like it's time to discuss right now。 Let's discuss that over text， Tr it up。

 There's one problem， Let's go right And so if she wants to discuss over text。

 You gotta respond the following way。 For example， Hey， baby。

 I get what you're saying you feeling upset because of this。 you want to discuss that。

 I understand it。 and you feel like we have to discuss that right now。

 But let's discuss that tomorrow， or even better。 I understand you。

 I understand that you got to do this and it makes you feel like this。

 And let's discuss that tomorrow。 Let's discuss that on the weekend。 Let's that。

 let's discuss that when we meet each other in person again。 that's much more powerful empathy。

 I understand， And let's discuss that next time we' meet That way you keep the discussion in a real life realm where you can have eye contact where you can hold her。

where it can show she can trust you， where everything is good as opposed to texting back and forth whether there can be misunderstandings。

 where she doesn't understand you properly you don't understand where she's coming from。

 it's extremely difficult for you to figure out what is the underlying problem you need to have this these things in person just as a little side note and so that is girlfriend text game。

Use the power of memes， voice messages， pictures， videos， but do it accordingly， do it appropriately。

 use it to communicate subcommunications on top of that value giving over value leaching text on top of that。

 click paintit on top of that inside jokes and all these great things there's a lot of amazing things you can do in your relationship with Tex game。

Bottom line is don't just think you don't have to seduce her just because she's your girlfriend。

 gain the shit out of her over text， because she deserves it， be a little bit of a challenge。

 learn from it， see it as joy and something amazing for you to learn as well。

 and that is high X game with your girlfriend Gii。