# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：3.变得值得做爱

Alright， becoming sex worthyy。 little bit of clickpayty title。 You might have just skipped the head。

 I Everyone who is soworthy。 Obviously， if you skipped ahead。 Don't you're back。

 And after watching this video， you'll will be known to be the sex worthy guy。

 You will have a clear path。 This is how I can get sex from women。

 This is how I can understand the female dynamics。 We'll be talking about a little bit of natural concepts here。

 So let's get right into it。 Now， first and foremost， the two big parts are falling。

 You got to replace confusion。😊，With understanding。

 and you got to replace frustration with abundance。 Okay。

 so these are the big two gigantic parts of that。 Let's talk about confusion。

Now here's the following thing when it comes to sex per se。

You gotta understand that sex is nothing to be ashamed of。 Sex is beautiful。 sexex is wonderful。

 Okay， Also， abundance。 abundanceance will fix your confusion as well。 If you know what to do。

 You won't be confused anymore。 if you have abundance of girl。 You won't be confused anymore。

 when these two factors flow together。 Aundance and sex not being anything that to be ashamed of。

 these flow together。 truly sexworthy and you get a lot of it。 Okay， so wait a minute。

 I want meaningless sex， Max， I want， I want I want a girlfriend。 I want to， you know， make love。

 right， now I get it。 I understand as a girlfriend program， right。

 but sex is an intrinsic part of any relationship。 There's no， you can take a screenshot of that。

 of that around that。 there's no way around that。 sexex is the most important part of relationship。

 sexual attraction。 I don't care what brainwashing bull shape。😊，You have in your head， it's wrong。

 it's completely wrong， sex is an intrinsic part of any relationship there's there's this thing called the Madonnahore complex about which we will be talking about in great detail。

 the Madonna Hore complex basically says the following。We think that theres the Madonnas out there。

 The nice girls to be treated well and with utter respect。 there are nonsexual entities。

 And then theres the horses。 The sluss， the hose in the hip hop studio and the hip hop videos。

 right and all that shit。 And These are completely two separate entities。 wrong。

 Every girl has a horror side and a Madonna's side。 that you're nice little Jenny from work。

 the really cute， beautiful girl with the angelic face that is just like thin out all day and just like doing her little work。

 Yeah， she's a horror。 She wants di。 She wants a dick in her asshole in her mouth and her pussy。

 She loves fucking people drug off in her face。 But she's a virgin。 Well。

 that she's been thinking about Dickck， at least。😊，And guess what， The hoard。

 the dirty street hooker， she has feelings。 She has dreams， ambitions。

 She loves her family or whatever， right。 She loves her dog or whatever。Both girls， of both sides。

 just like us， man。 We're the gentlemenman。 We want to treat women for carefully and well。

 And we want to take them out to the restaurant and bring them flowers and take them out on on beautiful vacations and look in their eyes and say。

 I love you。😊，The same time， we also want to th the shit out somehow ho， right。

 It's the same dynamic。 So you got to understand it。 But more about that later。

 your new frame about sex right now is falling。 Sex is natural， beautiful。

 and nothing to be ashamed of。 Everybody thinks about sex。 The pope probably jerks off。

 and bees have sex with flowers。 Sex is omnipresent。And natural and wonderful。

 That is your new frame about sex Okay Now imagine Lisa， Okay。

 let's two little little thought experiment here。 Imagine Lisa， she's smart。 She's ambitious。

 she ghost university。 She works during the day。 you know， she doesn't believe in one nights dance。

 she is very high standards for guys and all that right， and she has a clear pathway laid out。

 She wants to get a nice boyfriend at some point， yada ya yada。

 she's a very pretty girl all day hold the whole package， one night， she just， you know。

 goes out and have fun with her friends。 know one night， she just says like girls。

 have a ladies's night。 you know， she knows， she gets a little drunk。 maybe she has fun。

 she feeling very pretty。 she feels particularly attractive today。 she has wearing a breast dress。

 new shampoo。 and she feels good and she feels sexy and you know， and there's， of course。

 guys at the club。 and there's this one guy。 he's handsome。 She kind of likes him and you know。

 one thing leads another and did a talk and you know all of a sudden her friends walk off。😊。

she there and she have a drink and he looks deeply into her eyes。

 And of course Jenny still has all these ambitions， but it's the night。 It's a night out。

 It's weekend come on let's just have a little bit of fun and just let it go and the guy says you know really like you it's so interesting Lisa and he touches her and when he touches her arm。

 she feels the horniness flowing through her and her ambitions of going to university and the library that she spent all the week is just more and more distant and the DJ plays her favorite song and she feels free and she remembers the last romantic comedy that she's watching it's just like in the movies and the guy says let's get outside let's grab some pizza and she's like sure pizza sounds good I mean。

 I am want a diet I count my calories but fuck let's party tonight and it get a pizza and then talk about the Disney movies and she's oh my God I't see a Disney movies such long。

 Why are you so funny whatever Johnny and Johnny says crazy idea F' let's you know I live around the corner。

 let's watch some Disney movies if she promise to be nice。

 watch Disney let's bring the pizza and Lisa。How fuck it and you know they go home and they watch the movie and you know and then he kisses her and he kisses her neck and oh my God。

 he smells so good and his hands are so strong and he takes her and he pushes her against a window and she breathes faster and one thing leads to another and they dirty。

 unprotected sex while overlooking the city and she feels his pelvis pounding against her ass cheeks and she feels so good and she feels the masculine energy and he's penis inside her and she knows he's not using a condo but it feels so good。

第一。That something bad。 I know this was a very。 Like， I imagine you watching this。

 And like your mom comes in like， I thought you're watching this course and how to get better with women。

 This is this guy， like penis。 But I mean， you get it， right， You get it。 Would you。

 Would you judge her， Does that sound like she's a who。 I this is always one。 guys like， yeah。

 she's a。 No， but really， does it sound like she's， she's a bad person now， Just go out。

 have some fun， be a little overwhelmed by the moment。😊。

Is it really something bad did Johnny or Lisa do anything wrong， two people who just like each other。

 Johnny meets Lisa， he's completely blown away by her beauty and her smartness and he likes her vice versa for her。

 is that bad really try to understand sex from a girl's perspective？It's all about emotions。

 the moment of feeling good， meeting a high quality guy。

 something completely mind blowing for a girl just as much as it's mind blowing for you when you look at a hot Instagram model right with a narrow waist on a gigantic。

 perfect tits。 You could just lose your mind。So why are you judging？Would you judge？

Would you judge yourself if you had just fucked three girls today because you got epic game would you。

 You probably wouldn't you'd be like， hey， I'm pretty， pretty awesome。 You know， I'm cool。

 I feel good。 I had a lot of fun。 it's the same for the girl。 makes sense。 Now。

 let's talk about the three cornerstones of attracting girls。 because that's important。

 We've talked about your sexuality and accepting that new sexual frame。

 Let's talk about the three cornerstones。 I know these are again， cornerstones。 But you again。

 the three， three cornerstones of attracting any girls number one， learn to spike emotions。

 number two， learn to be physical。 And number three， learn to go for it。 basically， right。

 go for the kiss。 go for the pole。 Whatever it is。 So let's go through them。 Again。

 this is natural content。 going very deep on that in the natural。

 But I do want to mention here because it is important。😊，On your journey to become sexworthy。 Now。

 learning to spike a girl's emotions is the falling。 This is usually done on a verbal level。

 And I call this the four rules of verbal game because many times guys are like， well， what do I say。

 right， four rules of verbal game are very， very simple。 numberumb one， it's not about what you say。

 it's about how you say So what I do about that。 about that first rule of verbal game is I paint pictures in the girl's head。

 For example， instead of saying， oh， you know， I went I went on ski vacation just in January and Austria was very nice。

 right， I paint a picture of it。 I'm like， when this beautiful ski occasion in Austria。

 And it was everything was white。 and the trees were just in there tall。

 covered in pure powder and the sun was being reflected on the snow。😊。

And you could literally see the fresh air。 Everything looked so clear。

 And it was very humbling because the mountains are gigantic。

 They're almost like watch towers over you over the world， over your friends。 make sense。

 Sos a lot better。 What I also do when it comes to painting a picture of went when it comes to。

 It's not about what you sense but how you say is I， I write songs in the girl's head。

 not obviously literal songs， but I describe how it sounded like。 So I say she like， you know。

 it was silent。😊，There was not a lot of noise。 There was no cars， no traffic， no people yelling。

 was just nature。 Every now and then， you heard the wind rustling through the trees。

 You heard somebody shh。Go down beautiful powder slope。 And what I also do is I describe my emotions。

 Okay， all this is part of it's not about what you say its about how you say。

 I describe it I already said like it makes you feel safe。 The mountains are watching over you but。

 it could also say， and then you take that first powder right down the beautiful perfect slope。

 take the first lane and it makes you free。😊，Makes you feel like you're free。

 like you're floating on clouds， it makes you forget everything about your everyday life。

 and for the first time in months， you felt like you are one with the world。Right。

 that is how you spike a girl's emotion。 Not by I went to the vacation。 It was in Austria。

 It was very beautiful。😊，Describe how it sounds， Describe how it looks like。

 De how it makes you feel， which brings you to the second rule of verbal game， which says。

 talk about your passions。All you're doing with this program is you hear a man talking about his passions。

 that is why he was engaging for you to listen to。When I talked about the snowboarding。

 Was it easy for you to do or hard for you to listen to it。

 Most likely it was easier because I talk with passion。 Now， the cool thing is。

 It doesn't matter what your passion is。 It doesn't need to be a cool passion。

 It could be fucking anime。 It could be playing chess， It could be playing billiard or some bullshit。

 The girl doesn't care。 What that passion is。 The girl cares is Does that guy have the glaring fire of passion in his chest。

Because for a girl listening to a guy talking about his passion。

 It's almost like a preview of what it looks like to have sex with that guy。 you know。

 let's take a relatively cool hobby， but the guy can't really talk about it in a passionate way。 Oh。

 I like to do the freestyle snowboarding。 know I fly through the air and stuff I guess it's pretty cool doesn't sound that hot。

 but let's say like the guy likes biology。 know biology， It's the science of the earth。

 you can have micro origisms， you have the mitochondriands， you have the ribosomes。

 you have the chlorine whatever the fuck is called the chlorohor like all the shit， you he's like。

 and you know when you study that， it makes you feel like you understand the world and beings that are alive。

 photosynthesis creates energy out of sunlight that has traveled millions of kilometers through air through space and the vacuum of space。

 and it creates energy for a plant and the plants can grow and it gives。😊，Humans back oxygen。

And thus it's a wonderful circle of life， and that is what I feel when I study biology。

 I feel like I'm part of life。Sounds a lot more interesting， right， So that is number two。

 talk about your passions。 numberumb 3， I's have no filters。

 We all have filters when we talk to girls， right， You've had that。 like I ran out of things to say。

 I didn't know what to say anymore。 If you ever ran out of things to say when talking to your mom。

 Are you best bro。😊，No， you haven't。 You know why？ Well。

 because you have something called an agenda when we talk to the Hawk girl， you want to impress her。

 You want to get good reactions from her。 You want her number or her vagina。 So you're like， oh。

 I'm gonna say this。 Does it， I it interesting， Does it。Mi like me。 Does it trigger attractiontract。

 right， So you have that filter up。 You not， you're not worry that your friend will end the set or like。

 you know， like that your mom will reject you。 You're like fuck， best friend love me anyway。

 I like talk about whatever the fuck I want。 Now if you watch any of my infil footage in。

 for example， natural， You're like， what the fuck is this guy talking about Of course。

 because I have no filters B。 I ain't got no filterm the fuckcker。 I talk about whatever。

 And that's a great thing， which brings me directly to the fourth rule of world game。

 which is the chain of associations。 This is something that you learn improvf class is also something that you learn in the natural。

Its basically means whatever the girl just said， you can build upon that。

 So she talks about her cat like， oh， Mike， I have a black cat。 Now。

 you just pick one of the words and say the first that comes to your mind， black or cat or half。

 You know， let's say black。 Like， oh， I just recently watched the black Panther。 will Kanda forever。

 It's a great movie by Marvel。 It's great Marvel movie， right now。😊。

Let's say she just said that you could be like Marvel movie black Panther。

 Oh I do like the Panther animal thing。 It's a very graceful cat feline， you know now you can say oh。

 you know what else is a cat Garfield。 I always like Garfield just watched that Rick Camorty up to where had Bzorpa Garfield or whatever the fuck is called Gazpafield Garfield and that was really interesting actually like Rick Mor because he deals with a lot of scientific concepts at the same time being quite comedic else is comedic Joegan you watch Joe Rogan podcast He does smoke a lot of。

 but he's a chill duty does MM。 he's very fit。 He definitely has at least some of the corner stones or masculine that's pretty interesting and you see you can keep chatting and chatting and chatting and you have no filters and thus you spring Col some talk about your feelings painting pictures in her head。

 some some writing songs in her head you talk about your passion as well and it's all beautiful。

 That is how you spike a girl's motion on a lower verbal level but next one second。😊。

The chain association thing， you just talked about randomand a bullshit。

 That has no logical coherence， right。Of course， you say that because you're a man。For man。

 it all has to be logical and you have to bring up the conversation shit like that。

 but have you ever listened to a girl on the phone for five minutes。50 different topics。

 It's exactly the same with the chain of associations。

 Girl don't care if you lead up to that conversation of sex。 Sometimes she talks about work。

 And I'm just like， what's your favorite position， dog style， she's like， yeah。

 actually dogggy style like， it's interesting for her。 There's dynamics behind that。

 if you talk about it in that way， okay。😊，Hope that makes sense。

 Now to bring it further to wrap it up with the learning how of sort Sp girls' emotions is when with every interaction。

 the four rules of verbal game are merely the content of what to say， but。

Any interaction has two sides。That you do with your verbal game。

 One side is the so calledled flatline talk and the other side is the so calledled emotional spikes。

 Now flatline talk is anything that conveys information but has no emotions。 My name is I am from。

 where are you from， What is your job， My job is this。 I am from Austria There's no emotional spikes。

 It's just sheer exchange of information。 Now， when you do that too much。 You've probably been there。

 You've walked up to the girl back and forth and she's like， well， nice to meet you。

 That's basically， the translation of you are boring too much flat line talk。 Now get the fuck out。

 I'm not attracted to you。 There's no emotional involved。 On the other hand。

 You have emotional spikes。 I love you。 Pa emotional spike。 I hate you。 negative emotional spike。

 right， She's like， oh， I'm 25。 Oh， that's a little too old。 Ne emotional spike right， or she's like。

 oh， I'm Austria， I'm like， oh my God， I love Austria girls， Let's go get married。

 Pa emotional spike， right now。😊，Many times this happens to the PA many times the P A stage。

 they're like too much of the emotional spikes。 They walk up through the girl like spikes spike spike the girls all likeha ha giggly and fun and fun and fun。

 And you know what happens after five minutes nice， nice to meet you。

 Same spiel because what basically happened here is the girl got a lot of great emotions But at the end of the day。

 you're more a clown and not。A guy。 Now， girls like a funny guy。 They love a funny guy。

 but they don't like a guy that's just funny。 They still need to be able to relate to you。

 So what to do with a spike in a girl's emotion emotions when you talk to her is you need to have flat line with emotional spikes in between and you need to be able to calibrate appropriately。

 Now， let's say you're talking to girl and you see her getting bored a little bit。

 you even feel interaction action dragging down a little bit。 Well。

 that's a sign that you're using way too much flat line and not enough emotional spikes。

 So throw some spikes in whatever she just says like oh like cats， oh。

 I hate you get the fuck out crazy cat lady， obviously make it with a joke。 negative emotional spike。

 You will see her like， whoa， like reparing up right， gets the attention back On the other hand。

 when you feel like the girl is all giggling and all over you。

 but she basically has no information about you， she might even say she like。

 I can't tell if you're kidding or not or like are you drunk or hi。

 that is a sign that you have too many emotional spikes and you're losing relatability。😊。

So you've got to revert back to the flat line talk。And thus， we've concluded the chapter of。

Learning how to use spike a girl's emotions。 Now， the second cornerstone of attraction is learning to be physical just it's bored of the physical attractions。

 learning to be physical。 Now many guys， the blindly tapping in a dark room I guess the curse is not the curse and and the girl just freaks out and all that。

 Now， what I do with physicalyity is very simple。 Any type of physicalyity beats something small。

 like touching a hand or something big， like making out with her。😊。

I basically look for her responses because her response can be one out of three could be a yes response。

 A no response or neutral response。 A yes response。 clearly， you know， you side hug the girl。

 she side hugs you back know hug the girl。 she hugs you back。 That's a yes response。 You kiss her。

 she kisses you back。 That's a yes response。 When that happens。 you can stack it up。

 Like you get a lot of yes's touching you back。 That's sign of bring the interaction action further。

 let's do more physicality。 I like it right now no response。

's let's go to the neutral response first a neutral response have you ever to side hug the girl and she just thrp。

 lets it happen hug the girl。 She just lets it happen。

 she's not excited about hugging you back right but she's also not shoving you。

 that's a neutral response。 Now many guys make the mistake with a neutral response。 They're like。

 well， it's not really having any effect the physicality。 So I need even more physicality。 No， no。

 no， that's how you get blown out。 with a neutral response。 It simply means not yet。😊，On that level。

 don't try to escalate more， but don't stop the physicality either Just stay on that level and try every couple minutes until she either opens up or you take it too far and she's giving you no Now let's talk about the no the note could be something small like you know you try to kiss her and she's like does that okay that can happen or it could be something hardcore when you're doing something very uncallibrated。

 she's like what the fuck like shoving you off right now with a hardcore knows。

 what you got to do is you got to take a physical step back。Show her that you're not a threat。

 apologize and then keep talking。Okay， so you tried to take her hands。 She's like。

 what the fuck oh sorry， sorry， I'm just in a good mood today。 So anyway， and then change the topic。

 Sorry， I'm just in a good mood today。 Sorry， I thought we had a moment。 Sorry， I wear a white shirt。

 It doesn't even matter what you said。 It's just about the fact that you acknowledge that you understood。

 you've just physically taken it a little too far。Okay， now if you get a small no。

 like you try to kiss her and she gives you the cheek， it's similar。 Obviously， you also stop。

 you don't try to get the kiss and it's never gonna work。 But at the same time also。

 you can kind of apologize， but it's more important with a small know that you stay in a good mood because many times these small little nose are just like she wants to see how you react。

 She's like， can he be confident， even if I give him bad feedback right。

 Does he still have a good time or is he depended on my mood。

 So when she gives you that small no it'd be like， yeah， so anyway， you smile。

 you shrug it off and you keep talking。 And that is how you physical。😊，Okay，In fact。

 I use physicality as a ping because many girls are very social on the outside right。

 They talk a lot， and then you try to be physical and then she's like， whoa whoa。

 I'm just a generally social person that doesn't mean I'm into you。

 Physity will give you a much more accurate view of how on is the girl because the other side also You have extremely shy girls。

 They just stand there and you're like it's not going anywhere。

 and she's barely laughing at my jokes。 Yada， yada， yada， it's funny right。

 And they almost make very insecure。 And then you're like。😊，Well fuck it。

 I'll just hold her hand and she squeezes your hand tightly and she's super down and you're like。

 whoa， okay， maybe I should kiss her and then you kiss her and she's super down as well。

 like obviously again calibrate but。Use it as a pain。

 Your physicality gives away much better of a picture of how on is it with that girl， right and。😊。

Learning to go for the kiss， to go for the pull， to be that guy who takes the first step is the third cornerstone of attracting girls。

 You got to be blunt。 You got to be almost a little narcissistic or almost naive to go for that for go。

 to go for what you want。 The girl's not gonna go for what she wants， man。

 She's gonna hope that you do it。Now， when I say that learning to go for the kiss。

 to go for the pool， I'm not saying you need to fuck 100 chicks。

I'm not saying that I'm saying I recommend you strongly to go out and go for the move， okay。

 especially with the girls you really， really like。

 especially the girls you feel really intimidated by okay， that is really。

 really key otherwise you won't be able to do it when you do meet that girl that you really like you will have no experience okay。

 you will have like like especially not then， especially not then when you really care about the girl you won't be able to go for the move。

 unless you've done it a couple times。Makes sense， so it's intrinsic that you master that art of doing it appropriately。

 smoothly， right， with confidence by the time you do meet that girl that you really like。Okay。

 and another point here。Failure of escalating of going for the pull， of going for the approach。

 of going for the kiss is nothing to be afraid of Okay。

 escalation failure is nothing that you should avoid。 In fact。

 it's something that you should welcome。Because every time you fail。

 you'll learn a lot about how to do it correctly， right， Thomas Edison。

 how many times like 1100 times。He， he tried to get the fucking light bulb。 No know。

 he then knew that 11 fucking00 times is wrong。 And he found that one time， right， And obviously。

 you won't fail even that much。 So you'll be good。's And most of the time。

 Many of these girls just temporary。 knowing it has nothing to do with you。

 They don't want a fuck you because their boyfriend is chod or their dad just died or their dog died or in a period。

 yada， yada， yada。 If your game is smooth。 Your game is smoother。 that's what what it's about。

 getting in those experiences to nurture your game。Okay。

 it's really about gathering reference experiences。

 Your mind needs to understand This is the girl's face when she's on， this is the girl's behavior。

 when she's not on， it needs to get these reference pictures in your brain。

 So when it counts with girls that you actually like your brain was like this is the picture the last 10 girls made before they gave you their number。

 This is a picture the last 10 girls made before you had sex with them again。

 you don't need to have sex with all these girls。 but again。

 like it's just an example of understanding。 Oh， I think the girl is very on。

 and I'm able to execute properly， all the moves that I need to do in order to attract the girl。

 right。😊，It really is important like this is how you become smooth。Sooth operator Dutch shit now。

All the things I've justly just fucking scratched the surface of the surface with this attracting a girl because again。

 I don't want to overly make this too much of a pickup product。 This is an end and it very essence。

 a girlfriend game product。 So if you're interested， however and say yo。

 I want to learn more about this attraction thing。 I want to learn how to approach girls on the street。

 during day game， in clubs in nightcls in bars during the night。 You know， I want to do that。

 I want to be able to understand what do I text the girl。

 I want to be able to understand how how to take her on a date， what to do on a date。

 how to have sex， how to have one night dance， how to deal with a friends。

 I want to know more about verbal game， more about physical game。 I know。

 I want to know more about online game， social game， social circle game。

 how to become a social person， how to become an attractive person。

 how to become basically a smooth guy with girls， all this。

 everything is covered in a program called the natural again， have it pop up here。

 you can get 10 off because you have this program if you want to get the natural and it's。😊。

One of the most highly acclaimed products we've ever created。Me as a teacher。

 I'm super proud of that。 It makes me massively humbled by there's still every day。

 every day there's guys who get a bored with this program， which is just blatantly amazing。

 I'm so blown away by that。 And again， if you're into this kind of stuff。 If you say， hey。

 I want to dive deeper then you can go ahead and get a bored with this natural program。

 Let's keep talking here， let's talk about abundance because。😊，Abundance is very key。

 You got to be in abundance mode with Hawk girls。 I also say the following。Fuck boy first。

 then transitioning into something deeper， which is why also we say nube player， boyfriend。

 is this fucking key because the other way around is extremely difficult。

From being like the boyfriend provider and then becoming a fuck boy is really， really。

 really difficult why， Well， because the fuck boy is able to get her attention right to lead to read her emotions。

 give her what she needs in order to feel attracted and that way you basically can attract the girl into your life and then you can sprinkle in becoming more deep etc。

 right if you go provide first。 she simply won't respond to you。

 You can be as epic of a guy as you want。 the girl simply won't even be able to have you on her radar as a potentially attractive male All right imagine the falling。

 this metaphor will really clarify this for you。 Imagine the falling to restaurants both of them have really good food both of them have equally amazing food。

One restaurant has delicious looking food on display outside and has a cute promoter girl telling you how awesome the food inside is。

 how fresh the ingredients are， how good the cooks are， right。

 And the other restaurant right next to him has a shitty looking billboard。 No pictures。

 Nobody's there to real you know and the Spr emotions。 Both can have equally good food。😊。

But chances are， you're not visiting the second one。 You're probably going to visit the first one。

 the one that has the girl saying it's good。 They're talking about the ingredients。

 This This shit will spike your interest。 She'll go to go in there and enjoy the meal。

 And that is your game。😊，Getting the girl in and then the boyfriend from material stuff。

 this being deep， this being able to open herself up is the stuff that keeps her。

 it can't be the stuff that gets her， the stuff that gets her is the alpha male， the attraction。

 the game， the fuck boy， if you will， makes sense， Let me talk about more dad， obviously。

But your call to action here is the following。Attract new girls。Go on dates。

 talk to chicks and the club and the bar and on the street， whatever the fucking it is。

 play the attraction game。And see what happens。 This is so fucking crucial if you want to become sexworth。

 You got to play the fucking game。 There's no way around that。😡。

