# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：11.她需要距离

Alright， so let's talk about distance here。 Basically either you needing more distance or her needing more distance。

 And honestly， right from the bed from the get go， I have to say very rarely。

 it happens that both of you100% happy with the exact amount of time you're spending together depending on your story or the story of your girlfriend。

 You either wish to spend more or less time with her。 and it's never like fully ideal 1%。

 So that is definitely okay， theres no problem。 There's absolutely normal。

 None of that is an indicator or how well the relationship works。 For example， My girlfriend and I。

 we have very close expectations as to how much time we would like to spend time together。

 We both like being alone， We both like our freedom。 understand。

 we both actually spend a lot of time apart from each other。 and that is totally cool， because again。

 we share a lot of it。 We share a majority of our story together， which is again。😊。

Well I shouldn picking the right girlfriend， you got to find one that has a similar or a massive overlap with your story。

Right and that's why it still works out。 so we we see each other a lot less than other couples。

 but we're probably also a lot happier because our expectations match。

 you understand that is just really fucking keep so overall it's about quality time you spend together。

 not just the hours that you're spending together like how many hours are we spend。

' about the quality of the time right and let's talk about the two possibilities either you wanting more distance or her wanting more distance now you wanting more distance。

Also， totally fine， totally cool。 But the most important point， excuse me。

 the most important point here is making her feel comfortable and showing that you needing more distance is not for lack of love for her at all。

 Okay， something like。Hey， babe， I totally love hanging out with you。 It's always， you know， X， Y， Z。

 It's always amazing。 It's always lovely。 It always inspires me。 I love being with you。

 but I also need some time alone。 Okay， I need some time with my friends。

 I need some time to do this。 X， Y， Z， as that is very important for me because of X。

 Y Z reasons because I'm building this business right now for me。

 I really want to be prepared for the next speech， I really want to hang out with my friend who I haven't seen for a long time。

 etc， etc， right， So again， you communicate clearly， and you communicate the reasons for that。 while。

 at the same time telling her how much you do value or spending time with her。 now。

 the more high selfesteem that girl is the more she is able to understand it and feel loved and respected on the list。

 for example， as an example for me and my current and girlfriend， I needed some time alone。

 I need that a lot especially when I'm stressed。 So I said。😊，Hey baby。

 could you give me a little alone time。 I'm quite stressed。

 And when I said that I could feel her feeling down a little bit like almost disappoint， almost sad。

 So you know， I brought her to the bedroom。 I tucked her in the bed because she was very cold as she's always is。

 I brought her to the computer。 I told her eye in case you want to watch some crazy anatomy。

 Here's some water。 I brought her a jar of Nutella with a spoon as well。

 just to make her feel that I still care about her。

 not not not to say like sorry or like being apologetic that I want more time。

 but I basically just showing her that that I do need my off time， but at the same time。

 she's still amazing for me that it's not communicating。 she's not good enough for me anything。

 I'm telling her here and you a little bit off time because I'm stressed because I love you because you're so amazed because you deserve it。

 Here's all these crazy， nice little things that you like because I truly love you and I love hanging out with you now let me have my offtime now。

 Okay And again， the more time you want to spend。😊，Off from her。

 the higher quality of hanging out together should be。

 Okay Like it is really important that when she does have that time with you that that might be rare。

 it's gotta be a good fucking time。 and you gotta let her know that she's very good。

 You don't have to tell her that。 but you gotta let her feel。 Let me say that again。 right。

 You gotta have her， you gotta let her feel that she's a right girl for you。

 no matter how much time you're spending together。 Okay， and also， when she's had self esteem。

 she will understand， reward her for understanding that behavior。 reward for that。 for example。

 she says， I say， okay， hand need them a little bit more time。

 because I love you because I need to do this and she says， that's okay， maybe I understand that。

 what you should reply to this is not like， great， no， be like， wow。

 you truly are the best girl that could that I could ever find。 you're so selfcon。

 You're so understanding。 man， that's just such a fucking turn on right now。

 You see what I did here again， I quote unquote， train her。To be understanding of these things。

 and I positively reinforce that good behavior that I would like to have that relationship going on more。

 okay？By the way， you should never ever feel ashamed of wanting or needing more distance。

 It's literally just a matter of preferences。 Don't be like， no， my God， my girlfriend。

 needs to spend more time like if again， if your story is overlap。

 you don't need to worry about that anyway。 and it's again。

 it's much more about the quality hanging out and it's your needs。

There's no need to be ashamed of your needs。 This is who you are。 Sam for her， by the way。

 she shouldn't feel ashamed of needing more distance either。 Okay， let's talk about that。

 She wants more distance。 A little more careful here。

 Because you need to know her and the relationship very， very， very well。

 Because if you don't know the relationship very well， it can get a lot in your head， You know。

 you can get shit like， oh， no， like， what does it mean， Why does she need more time， Have not been。

 you know， have not been alpha enough， has she not been attracted me any， yada， yada yada， yada。

 if you do know her her in your relationship well enough enough。

