# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：3.一夫一妻制：1.一夫一妻制或上其他女孩（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Okay， welcome to the monogamy versus polygamy chapters， videos Okay。

 and this video will be talking about monogamy or fucking other girls and。😡。

This video is going to be the most controversial of the entire program I guarantee you that and。

First off， right off the bat， this particular video is going to be triggering and it's more meant to just give you a little bit of a different kind of thinking。

 maybe some counterweight to the very strongly weighted。Mainstream narrative。

 so all I'm asking for is have a little bit of an open mind。And let's crack right into it， polygamy。

I'm going to lean very， very far out the window here by claiming monogamy is a lie。

It's a lie that the mainstream narrative has told us。

Monogamy is not in any primate that we stem from。 Okay， biologically， monogamy is not in your genes。

 Okay， only one primate， only one primate。😡，Is actually monogamous and those are the Gibbons。

And those primates are extremely far related to us， they're not closely related to us。

If you look at the primates， well， okay given that you believe in evolution， okay。

 but Adam and Eve were're monogamous， okay， that's great， you know that's fantastic。

 but let's look at it from a biological standpoint。

 all the fucking primates that are closely root to us chimps， polygamous， bonabos， polygamous。

 orangutangs， polygamous， Gibbons are the only ones that are monogamous and our genetic separation from them happened 22 million years ago。

 22 million years ago。As an explanation， the Bonabo separation happened1 million years ago。

 just so you know， okay， look， I don't want this to become a biology session here。

 I'm not a biology professor， but feel free to read the book。

Sex Ed Da by Christopher Ryan and Cecilia Giha， if that is sorry if I mispronounce your name。

Read the book， learnuren and have an open mind it okay。

 just have an open mind about things here in this video and have an open mind about reading this book and yeah。

Just look at yourself。Let let's just full on go， let go of our ego and really think about monogamy and our personal opinion。

 okay， have you ever truly desired only one girl， have you ever only desired one girl。

 you looked at a different girl， you didn't feel aroused。Can you imagine？Honestly。

 just having sex with one girl for years and years and years to come and still be 100% satisfied with your sexual life and looking at other girls and not feeling anything。

 no desire， no erection， nothing。If you truly think about it， if you fuck another girl。

 does it mean you love your girl less？Imagine're in relationship with a girl that you love you fuck another girl that means nothing to you Does it really like。

 do you now feel less connected to your girl， What about jerking off。

 You're clearly clearly aroused by other women that you look at on the porn。

 So does that mean you love your girlfriend Le Probably no Probably like well it's jerking off。

 Of course enough my girlfriend， what's the difference between jerking off and fucking another girl other than ego weeklyally driven。

😡，Narrratives。Does it automatically mean you'll love your girlfriend Les if you fuck another girl。

 doesn' it mean you don't， you wouldn't give everything for her。

 doesn't it mean you would do everything for her， kill for her， die for her， protect her， love her？

Let's give an example here of let's call him Paul， okay。

 Paul truly loves and also designers his girlfriend Jenna， he would do anything for her。

 he thinks about her every day。He takes her out to， you know， nice dinners。

 He fucks the shit out of her。 He tells， and he tells all his friends about how amazing she is。

 He adores her。 He deies her。 He would kill and die for her。But every now and then， you know。

 when when Paul sees a Hawk girl somewhere， he approaches her， he finds her attractive and you know。

And when his girlfriend Jenna is in the round， you know， he might have sex with her。

 he uses a condom， he spends some good time with that other Haie。

 he then returns refreshed just as much in love with his girlfriend。

 he has a love in his chest for Jenna， you know， they go on with a relationship and everything's fine is that really that bad？

Now， how's Jenna going to feel about that？If you really think about it。

Its sort of value as his partner diminished？Has she been betrayed and lied to。

 Should Paul be honest to her， Let's just for a second， assume three things。 Okay。

 let's assume three things。Number one， Paul treats her super well all the time and is 100% perfect for Jenna。

 Number two， let's assume that Jenna is a high self eeem woman and truly knows her worth as a woman and as a girlfriend in that very relationship。

And number three， Paul is not apologetic because he thinks sex is wonderful and natural。

 nothing to be ashamed of， and also in his mind， there could truly never be a better fit for him than Jenna。

 let's assume these three things， okay。Let's even assume the following。

 let's even assume they talked about it in advance okay like we talked about it in the setting up boundaries chapter and he says。

 so again， like all these three things are assumed plus they talked about it in advance and he says。

 hey Jenna， you know last week I meet a meic girl and she was very attractive so we went on a date had a fun connection we ended up having sex it was nothing serious and know just two people having fun for a couple hours and you are my queen and the girl means nothing to me nothing in the world in could in any way jeopardize your position as my number one you're the best fit for me and you will always be my top priority In fact。

 I now feel invigorated I feel refreshed and I feel like I love you even more。😊。

Let's just assume that now let's assume further。How is Paul feeling right now？

How do you feel after you've had sex with a very attractive girl in general， how do you feel。

 you feel probably more like a man， you probably feel refreshed， invigorated， inspired。

You probably feel ready in the conquered world， you feel like you can achieve a lot of things more than before。

 maybe， right， you feel like you're high value。Are these not really good character traits to have？

Is this not what actually makes you behave really awesome and sexy in your girlfriend's eyes？

Just let's just assume that。 Now， let's assume it further。 imagine Paul。The exact opposite way。

 imagine Paul had been sexually frustrated and in full batitization mode for years now because Jenna is low selfesttem and he has no idea about the four Bes right he's very unhappy the relationship。

 total batitization for years。Would he feel anything like the above Paul， invigorated， inspired。

 ready to conquer world， high value， confident？Would he still be able to attract Jenna or would she be unhappy with his behavior too because he's a fucking beta male。

 she loses attraction and both are just kind of coping staying together for reasons of comfort instead of actual attraction？

So let's look at both instances and the effect that both instances have on Jenna。

Paul fucked another girl。 He feels invigorated， confident， refreshed， returns to fuckinged condoms。

 Nobody gets hurt。 Everybody's honest about it。 It's a win， win for everybody。

 The random girl gets a nice stick by high value guy。

You the guy who's quote unquote cheating which isn't cheating if you're honest about it。

 you're sharp with your shit， you're confident you ready to conquer the world。

 you're ready to give you a girlfriend even more love now your girlfriend profits because she has a highquality fucking man it's a win win win win win the only person that loses is the person that has an ego involved it shouldn't be like that quo like all this bullshit。

Doesn't make sense。So， again。So I piss you off this video， understand。

 all I'm asking for is just have a little bit of a more open mind about this topic。Now。

 should Paul also allow Jenna to fuck other guys？That's also a very good question now right off the bat。

 how does that make you feel thinking about your girl， fucking other guys？

How does that make you feel？Why are you getting riled up aggressive， jealous。

 Why are you demanding it that she does not fuck other guys what insecurities lie beneath？

Are you truly high self eseeem yourself？Ask yourself that let's assume the phone。

 Let's also assume a little bit here。 Let's assume the exact same thing the other way around。

 your girlfriend loves the shit out of you。 She brags about how hot and awesome you are to all her fucking female friends。

 She sucks your dick every morning she loves that by the way right she calls you daddy King dling She cooks for you every day you know here you go。

 my king， here's the food。 She truly thinks youre the smartest。

 strongest hottest guy out there and she misses no opportunity to let you know。But also。

You think that about yourself， you wake up every fucking day， you feel like the king。

 you have a great fucking life， everything is in place， you know your journey is in place。

 your health is on fucking point， your wealth is there， you got great friends， you feel empowered。

 you feel really fucking amazing， you know whatever the fucking is you want you got it。

Your girlfriend goes out and fuck some good looking and showed at the fucking gym。You know。

 he might be good looking， but you also know that he's never as epic of a guy for her。

 Shes he's just got some looks or whatever， right。And also assume it was something that she just truly did。

 you know in the heat of the moment， you know， a burst of attractions I'm fucking for like 10 20 minutes that used the condom and all that。

 you know she comes home and she says something like baby today at the gym I fucked some muscle show he was hot yeah you know but he was nothing as good as you you truly fulfill me you truly satisfy me you and my king Yeah it was fun anyways I'm gonna proceed the suck your day canal and make you dinner。

Now this example is a little over exaggerate， you know with all the dinner making and shit like that。

 but it brings across the point， okay， how would you really feel， would you feel betrayed。

 would you truly feel like less of a man while having millions of dollars in your bank account while having all these other girls while her just suck in your dick and thinking you God and all these things again。

 extreme example， would you feel betrayed？In fact， maybe。Just maybe。

 is there a tiny little part of you that is happy that your girlfriend got some good emotions from somewhere else for a change？

You know， maybe your girlfriend has such high sex drive and it's sometimes difficult for you even to keep up with her。

 you know， to keep her happy all the time and you're kind of happy that someone else， you know。

 did the work today， maybe， maybe just a tiny little party you would think that。

So would you really think you got a trade is really over with all that epic communication with everything else。

 100% set in place？Again。I can't answer that for， I just want to。Open your mind a little bit。

So honestly， sex is no big deal， man。Everybody does it literally， everybody does it。

 your parents did it， your grandparents did it， your fucking grandma thinks about dick。

 everybody thinks about it and by you making it such a big deal and something so special。

 aren't you pressuring people， isn't that the kind of thinking that that results in people being so weirdly insecure about sex？

You know， we can't say certain words on TV， show we can show people getting fucking shot after new news。

 but we can't show a nipple。Isn't that why so many teenagers have a fucked up view about sex？

Isn't sex such a wonderful， totally natural part of life， isnn't it fun。

 isn't a win win for everybody and isn't it just your ego that tries to deny that when has the ego ever done something good for you？

So again， this is really just a chapter to open your mind a little bit so you can think about how you want to handle this in your current situation or in any future relationships。

 I'm not bad mouthing relationships that are monogamous。

I've just seen it not work way too many fucking times and I feel like too many people shun polygamy even though they've never tried it or theyve never at least put some serious thought into it。

 so go ahead， honestly， give polygamy a try， give it at least a thought experiment try before you 100 percent call it out and say it's bullshit and ask yourself if you try and if you truly try polygamy。

 ask yourself why it didn't work out because of your own insecurities。Maybe。Your own insecurities。

 that's a great indicator to work on yourself more， you know， work on your confidence。

 work through the fourbes and so on and so forth didn't it work。

 didnn't polygamy work when you tried it because of her insecurities well。

 then learn how to get a higher quality fucking woman that is high selfestseeem。Try polygamy。

 try it out， at least have a thought experiment around it。Try it in real life。

 Really dedicate a couple months to it and see why it doesn't work out。 Maybe it even workss out。

 Maybe it's even like holy shit。 It's really good。 Once I drop my ego。 I'm totally enjoying it。

 If you truly say， though， it's nothing you ever interested and then go ahead。

 get into an exclusive relationship。 You got my blessings。 You know。

 absolutely nothing wrong with that。 As long as both of you are 1010% happy and functional。 Okay。

 and you're both doing it for the right fucking reason， because both that you want it。

 not because society dictates it， not because you're in scarcity。

 not because otherwise you will make you insecure， as long as you both truly want it and 10 cool with it。

 Go ahead and it。 You got my blessings。 Otherwise， Think about polygamy。 give it a chance。

 don't shun it right off the bat。 let your ego out of the play。

 just for a little bit and truly think about it。😊，Thank you。

