# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：4.你们关系中的问题：2.她不想要开放的关系

She doesn't want to be in an open relationship。 Let's talk about that。 In general。

 there's a lot of disadvantages at play here when you do pick a girl that doesn't want you to be in an open relationship。

 Now， remember， weve already talked about how to kind of frame it， how to communicate， etc cetera。

 etc ceter。 But what to do specifically if the current girlfriend you' Rosha with does not want you to be in an open relationship。

 Fortunately， There's not a lot you can do if you are already in that situation。

 It's a lot more about how to avoid that。😊，Sorry to disappoint you。 Now。

 you have to understand that most girls are low self-esteem， you know， because they're young。

 because the social conditioning is fucked up social conditioning is fucked as all as up， basically。

 societal pressure dictates a hot young girl， if you as a girl， okay， you're only one of many。

 then you can't hold a man。 And thus your low value。

 So for a low self-esteem girl being a relationship and not being the one only excuse girlfriend is about the equivalent of a guy who's not able to get girls。

 right。Both are very low value。Understand that it's mainly a low self esteem goll problem that you're facing here and。

Interestingly enough， too， in the beginning。 So many guys are like， well。

 I'm communicating very clearly in the beginning that this is not going to be an exclusive relationship。

 There's just going to be other girls， et cetera， et cetera。 And in the beginning。

 many girls don't want to， you know， ruin the party and act like they don't care。

Part of that is also， by the way， because they don't expect you to actually be able to fuck other girls。

 So when you're like， oh， we'll be in a open relationship， they're like， yeah， I mean， come on， like。

 what's the average guy gonna fuck like maybe one other oh a month。 No， no， but not even a month。

 I man， fuck。 Oh my God。 What a month is。Above average thousand。

 she'll probably think something' like， well， what is average motherf gonna lay like one average hoe a year。

 Like， that's what she expects。 So she's like， yeah， you know what， go ahead。

 And as she sees you like slaying like few new girls a week。 And she's like， oh my God， only shit。

 you know， so they see you fucking all these girls。 They freak out。

 Theyre low self eeem comes through eventually， even after opening it back for months like。完了。😡，Oh。

The back just like projectile vomit out so that low self steam bullshit comes through after weeks and months or even a year。

 and the only way they see now。To basically keep you is surprise batitization。

 so they'll try to baitize you。Now， when that doesn't work either。

 because you're just piping full on in abundance and the Losafestteem guard doesn't know any other way。

 they basically pull out their last resort， which is the ultimate form of baization。

 the either me or them demand。Often enough， they're not even fully sure what they really like。

 They're not sure about their own feelings。 In the beginning， casual is totally fine for them。

 You know， theyre， it's cool， It's cool。 But then since you probably have game when you're slaying all these other girls。

 You know how to keep her attracted。 She's gonna slowly slowly get more and more attracted to you。

 So all of a sudden， she's changing her mind。 Like， no， wait a minute， this one is actually a very。

 very high value guy。 I need to fuck and keep this guy。This is the ultimate fucking jackpot here。

 you know， So then they'll revert to batization。 and then they'll revert to the last resort。

 The ultimate， okay， like either me or them， me or that other particular girl， right。

 That's the last fucking resort。 Again， it's a low selfestseeem girl problem。😡，And。😊，As man， we know。

 we're all fucking logic driven。 we'd all be like， you know， well， I told her in the beginning。

 you know， like the first week I told her that it's not gonna be sincere， Herter， you know。

 so we pretty much like close our eyes to the signs of her trying to manipulate us。 you know。

 we forget to communicate anything properly and。We're just fucked。So again。

 low selfeststeem girl will hold the low selfesteem bullshit back until she can no longer fucking hold it。

 And then she burst out in batitization and you're fuck。 Now， a high selfeststeem goal。

 on the other hand， should be able to cope with it。

 She would initiate communication if she gets to a point where she can't deal with it anymore or what becomes uncomfortable for her。

 She would initiate communication。 And then you， as a man that's hopefully fucking focused and sharp。

 understand， oh， okay， I need to communicate more properly to her now And。Show her the how。

 how valuable she is to me， Show her how much she is actually on the top and how little she actually has to be scared of。

Understand， so most importantly， it's not a question on how do I make her accept my polygamy？

But much rather， how do I find a high self esteem girl that is okay with it？

Or even a high self esteem brother that wants to join me on these fucking ramp pages。 right。

 Talk about the whole threesome chapter。 So， let me illustrate all these points that I've just mentioned in a very good example here by a home boyy on Facebook。

 And he says the following， we're gonna have a screen shot here。 He says my biggest issue。

 I had the exact same problem happen multiple times。 I only want to be in open relationships。

 And I communicate this very well with the girls I'm with。I said that。

 and initially they even seemed to be okay with it。I said that too。

 he's even mentioning three sums here and me sleeping with other girls， etc ce。

 But gradually more and more， the girls would get jealous and start restricting me and tell me to stop sleeping with other girls。

 If I refuse， they would leave。 And if I agree， I'm not living the lifestyle I wanted。

 I hope this is covered？ So again， here， that's pretty much the appropriate example of what usually happens。

 He does a lot of things right， he communicate properly in the first time。 he knows what he wants。

 he knows this is his lifestyle。 But at the end， the girls always change their mind again。

 because they see how high value he actually is because they don't expect him to actually bang all these girls。

 they kind of freak out the low self ete comes through， etc cetera， etc ceter。 So first off。

 for a guy like this。 you probably similar because you're watching this， ask yourself。

 why are you getting into a relationship in the first place。

 if you do want to have that lifestyle of fucking other girls。

 right What are you getting out of relationship and what needs does it fulfill。

 Because many times that need of having a girlfriend。😊，Is temporary。 It's very， very temporary。

 And because it's just a temporary need， you actually commit way too fast， because honestly。

And this is something I would tell this guy in person oh I hope goes to program is sometimes all you need is just a week of intense lovely Dbby getaway with one of your favorite fuck buddies。

 you know， lock yourself in， fuck your other's brains out three times a day for a whole week。

 you know order pizza go to some island， you know， fuck go on vacation whatever the fuck it is many times you do that you kind of play the girlfriend out friend game。

But you do it with a fuck buddy where the boundaries are clear。 And then once that week is over。

 you're like， oh， actually feel refreshed， I feel good back to slaying hose again。Honestly。

 So ask yourself， what is it actually that you're getting out of the shit。

 Maybe it is not the best choice。 Maybe it is right， if that is， if you say， yeah。

 I do want to have a ratio of and other girls and you can always go to the chapter and how to be in an open race。

 definitely， But many times it is not。 And you always end up in the same kind of fuck up situation。

 because you commit too fast to some random girl then later on freaks out when you're slaying other girls。

 So yeah， all you need sometimes it's just some love W getaway。 Also。

 you' saying they start restricting you after being initially okay， as I said。

 many girls take months to let out there low selfestee bullshit a crazy personality。

 And then it does come out。 But it can also be that they lose faith in the relationship because。😊。

This is very interesting while you're communicating well that you might want to be in another in an open relationship。

 you might not be communicating well， how high her position is okay whatever the position is that she inhabits How safe is that position Thus she's getting trust issues she can't take it no longer and then it's either me or you basically bullshit problem and that either not either me or you either me or them that either me or them imatum basically translates into where am I in this。

 please please show me my place you're not communicating things properly。

 I know you kind of mentioned in the beginning that are gonna be in an open ship。

 but where am I in this am I really number one， I don't know。

 I don't get a lot of signs here So I'm freaking out a little bit and I have trouble accepting it So you need to amp up the communication of you're my girlfriend random host You're my girlfriend random host。

 No， no， no point at the random host these ones Yeah， no point the girlfriend me there you。

GoYou're my girlfriend， I love you， I die for you， I kill for you， you're the one I want to be with。

 you're the want to want to spend my Friday Saturday。

 whatever the fuck it is with you're the one that I want to sleep next to These are random hose You're my girlfriend。

You've got to communicate that very clearly on a very frequent basis。

So to summarize this wonderful video number one， ask yourself。

 is a relationship even the best choice for you， Yes or no。

 maybe you just need a week of Luy W fuck buddy vacation， Second of all。

 get a high self-esteem girl to start with only she can ultimately accept that lifestyle low self-esteem girls will just hold the little LSE back until they fucking burst it out number three。

 communicate the open relationship from the get go， communicate it properly。

 communicate it in a relatable way， more about that in the chapter of how to get an open relationship。

And last but not least， communicate that her number one position is not a jeopardy， okay。

 communicate that properly and communicate that frequently。

 and that is what you do if the goal is not okay with you be in an open relationship。

