# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：14.了解不同类型的关系第2部分（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

All right， so part two let's rock and roll and actually one of my cinematographers just said that。

 hey， that's interesting because when you are within a story。

You don't know that you don't in a story， right， You're like， well， that's the normal thing。

 relationships are supposed to be。 No， no， no， there is no normal thing。 It's just your story。

 So by you kind of learning all the stories you're like， oh， wait a minute， this that's my story。

 So are you telling me that。Not everybody thinks like that。

 So I hope this is the effect that this is having on you as well as you're watching this understanding that。

 oh， okay， so different people have different stories。 And also where's my blind spots。

 What is my kind of story right So it's crack right into the second part here because there's also the religion story this is why am I laughing disrespectful Max the relationship basically is a means to get closer to God。

 both people sharing the same religious or spiritual beliefs， you know。

 and they practice that together And that's really， really important。 Now。

 chances are probably lower at you into that because you're into this whole pickup thing。

 but you get it。😊，topop of that there's also the game story that is interesting because it evolves around some kind of competition either between the partners themselves or some external so basically like you know we have to be the best relationship we gotta be cooler than Jimmy and Tina you know like shit like that but many times it goes between the couple and that is where problems can arise it also doesn't mean that both are even aware of the game because again you could be in the game story she could be in the fairyt story and you I was always in competition with for example。

 my very， very first relationship with my first girlfriendin it was full on game story and honestly I don't possess the right retrospection to know whether she was in that game story or not either I was in it though and it was about who is getting the best grades in high school it was really fucked up so for me I was like 17 just about a graduate high school I'm like I need to get better fuck greater。

I'm my girlfriend， you know I need to show her that I'm better。

 it was just full on competition mode and it's the best example for me personally of how I was not at all ready to be in a healthy relationship and basically it's I saw a big part of relationship just having to win against my very very smart girlfriend because I'm smarter and yeah that's obviously great sign that I should have not gotten in the right relationship and you know it's kind of epic to see how far you can evolve with your stories because now there's no more competition whatsoever I've been dating very successful girls because I'm much more successful than I am and I'm like you go girl an epic it could also be by the way that it's like a reacher and set dynamic if you ever heard that reacher and settler I think like one is the guy who's reaching for the person above them and the other one is settling now on the person underneath them there's a great episode in the TV show。

how I met your mother right its basically like who has a higher value and just accepts the lower value partner and which one has a lower value and is reaching up to get the higher partner right this dynamic is obviously also not healthy at all and it can then become something like a competition of who's less needy than the other you know who's busier than the other one so the other so the other person has to put in more work right I've met a girl in Vegas。

Really， really beautiful girl。 And it got serious very fast。 I was not deploying tests on her enough。

 and she was full on in this mode of like she would always be like come let's hang out oh my God。

 and then she's like， oh I'm sorry I'm so busy I can't meet you and shit like that And and I didn't understand back then because I'm like what's wrong Like why is it not working and now I understand like oh。

 it's because she was in this competition to be more busy than I am。

 I was literally working until 2 AM every morning because I was coaching And she's like， well。

 I'm working until four。 So you can't meet me and I'm like fuck now obviously it could be my imagination maybe she just she just used it as an excuse because I was a show I don't know but you get the gist right now again。

 this type of competition amongst each other can become very。

 very draining and can almost st any proper intimacy or proper communication as both partners or one partner can believe that theyre giving away。

😊，themselves too much if they admit their feelings for each other。

 know like they're like losing if they actually say， hey。

 I like you if they say something good about their partner and you know breaking up with that person is winning。

 being broken up with is losing and you see that。 So obviously that stems in low selfesteem。

 It's not healthy to be caught in this kind of dynamic and yeah's obviously run if you see that the girl having ten。

 these tenencies。 Now there's also the travel story。

 Now that's basically partners striving for something together， becoming fitter。

 finishing school together， climbing up the social hierarchy together， becoming richer。

 whatever the fuck it is。 and it can be very， very advantageous can also be disadvantageous because once they have arrived to at their destination it could be that that they lose the value in the relationship and they have to find a new one sometimes however。

 it could also be that they just find a new goal which is much better than finding a。😊，So again。

 this could be a very， very great relationship to be in since it's a very supportive environment。

 it's you're sporting one another， there's great results that you're producing together and it's just great behavior and it's actually honestly one of the most ideal stories to be in。

😊，If you're you know a little younger in that hustle phase because you're supporting each other。

 you're helping yourself out much better。 But again， it could also be complementary roles。

 which is very， very interesting with one partner being know the navigator。

 the hustler while the other partner is like the supporter or the passenger again。

 if both of these partners are perfectly fine with the roles。 it's great。

 not so great when they're having different roles that very bad right So again。

 to some degree not too bad relationship similar to that， you have the garden story， which is。😊。

The relationship I measured earlier needs to be tended to nurture to any sort of conflict is good because it means oh。

 we're working on relationship。 Everything can always be improved。 Yeah， you know。

 it can also result in a lot of progress and productivity， you know， but both partners need to agree。

 This is the big key here。 Otherwise， one will soon start to interpret the relationship as， you know。

 too much work。 you know， exactly the example that I gave earlier，😊。

One has the fairy tale story where everything is perfect and one has the garden story and there's a discrepancy。

 that was with my second ever girlfriend。 she was full on like we're fighting。

 it's great like working on each other， you know a great opportunity of improving the relationship whereas I interpret it as like draining my fucking energy since in my opinion。

 the relationship should help me relax when I'm tired and weary from conquering the world。

 know but she's like no fighting is good and I'm like no I want to fight。

 Jesus is Christ there's also the business story， which is relationship is just like a business like clearly defined roles。

 similar to like job descriptions almost they're often centered in finances， shared bank account。

 shared income， the relationship is a shared business venture。

 spending and budgeting and getting into relationship is like carefully weighing the financial and social status implications of that could be like okay what's the implications of everything in my life and really do it it could be like a job interview。

😊，And it could be imbalanced that one is the boss and the other one is the employee and that could lead to a feeling of exploitation of the employee。

 oppression of the employee if both parties don't share the same same story however again if both parties share the same stories like I love being the employee like I remember my grandfather。

 my grandmotherma would do that like my grandfather was obviously working and he was putting into money and she was basically my grandmother was basically like an employee。

 she would you know get her pocket money and stuff like that now obviously that story was back then heavily culturally influenced because you know that was like fucking 80。

90 years ago so you see the gisto and。In essence， it can honestly be things like you know this program that help you not misinterpreting it the wrong way。

 So you can you know to totally get that。 Now important here， if you're coming into the story。

 if you have the story out of scarcity then you'll always feel a pressure to fall on。

 figure out the partner over all like oh my God， what does she mean。

 she said goodbye and just like weird toity， what does that mean。

 what does that mean order like this meme like withhold。😊。

With all the book can we add that meme in maybe we could add that meme with all the calculations she said hi what does that mean so it could obviously be bad if you're overana and then it could also come from oh I don't deserve my partner I have to compensate with fully understanding them and tending to their every need and thus I'm using quote unquote science so yeah obviously you shouldn't do that now。

😊，Similar to that is the cookbook story， right， there's a preexisting recipe to an ideal relationship。

 like do this do that。 and then we're gonna do that。 and and then now it's good in essence。

 because broadly speaking， there are things that you can do like understanding your partner story or maintaining sexual attraction nowfa behavior know those are part of an overall recipe。

 but as soon as this recipe goes too much in a detail。

 you pretty much fucked since every relationship is different and you can't just put this like this is a recipe for any relationship you can't just put it on there。

 Now this is， by the way， what many know relationship advice books and programs actually do to you that like you or even worse like magazines like that10 things you need to do in relationship boom and just works know like again like that's why I always emphasize probably what you heard in the promotional material of this program like this is the fuck real world。

 This is like complicated shit。 It's like just the fuck and truth because again。

 you can't just put like these are the things。oh what is what is what is my authority as a relationship advice。

 Well， I am in a relationship Well， but how many have you had， you know， so again。

 it's very very bad to just kind of like put this this like one template on for everything and again。

 like it's written by a person that maybe it maybe helps a fraction of people but it's not this like overall thing。

 which is， by the way， why in this program here go again。

 we're teaching underlying principles you know so you understand the principles and you can apply them in the right amount to the right situation as opposed to be this like one fits all approach right？

😊，Now let's go talk about the next story， which is the war story argumentsments in the story are healthy that are most most importantly something that keeps the relationship interesting。

 you so it's not even that oh wick issue no it's actually if there's no drama or war a conflict than the ratio is not interesting right now it has a positive effect because it's better than just silencing down issues you know the partner might have or you know just like no。

 we shouldn't fight and stuff like that So it's obviously good to have conflict to a certain degree but its it can become extremely unhealthy when only one person's story is the war story you know for example。

 never go with a story with the person of the fantasy story yet so many people find themselves in that So if you're like conflict conflict that's getting boring and the other person is like whoa。

 I just want to fucking chill this is bad right so typical low self-esteem girls with strong tendencies to drama indging these stories you know barely ever how。

A high selfeststeem girl likes the war story， but the low selfeststeem girl say like ever everything is going wild they're like it's weird here's the conflict they just literally make shit up and if you're again like oh my God I'm just trying to recover and chill here this ba that's not necessarily something to strive for。

Now let's talk about the theater story in the theater story。

 a relationship is basically about not being just oneself。

 It's rather about you know playing a certain role。

 saying the right things at the right time behaving a certain way。

 it's basically it's crazy because mainstream narrative and social conditioning like kind of forces many people into not living the relationships that they actually want instead。

 many people， you know feel obliged to act certain roles out that they know from TV or movies or the mainstream narrative right and it's the theater story and it's horrible if you're caught in this。

 it's a massive sign of low self-esteem， you know， especially for the girl。

 but also if you have those tendencies， you're clearly not ready。 like if you're like oh。

 you got to act this way。Don't fucking and do it。 It's。

 it's a sign that you need to go back to the Forbes。 heard that。 you've heard all that right。 Now。

 a theater story， for example， is the role of the loyal girlfriend who is totally normal。

 even though deep inside she's like fucked up， can't live without the validation of other man。

 She's like cheating behind of back or and this is huge the role of know the confident guy who's totally got this game down whereas deep inside you have these deep rooted insecurities。

 And you're just like playing it on the surface。 Yeah， remember I said that example earlier。

 one of my first ever you know out of pickup relationships where after a couple months ago ago like why are you still trying to hold up that mask。

 And in my head I'm like I'm playing the role of the confident guy。

 you know this is why it's important for you to go through the four becomings and actually become the person that this program is trying to help you become not just you know。

 take the behavior on the surface。 just kind go with it。 know you got to become that person。

The mystery story。It's interesting because you know， while early on in the race。

 there's always mysterious parts you know， they slowly fade away as you get to know your partner better and better。

 but in this story， I still trying to keep up that mystery as long as possible since that's a big part of why you're attracted to your partner Now this can be totally okay if both share it like oh。

 I love my girl being mysterious and I'm mysterious too and both are totally okay with it。

 but it can lead to conflict， if one of the partner stories is for example。

 the government story or the police story know they need to know every single bit and and for the other persons like but I like being mysterious and they're like so they see being mysterious as a sign that they should keep up。

 but the government story person will see the sign the mysteriousness as a sign of like oh she doesn't love me So best example of too very。

 very conflicting stories。😊，And it doesn't mean that if you resonate with the stories。

 you don't need to be testy or you know figure out。

 you know like oh well I like the mystery so I don't need to test her you always need to understand her behavior I said that before right understand her story and that's her behavior and whether or not she's low selfesteem。

 high self-esteem etc， mystery can be in certain details you know that's totally cool like I don't know the name of her father or some bullshit。

 you understand but you should still fucking need to understand where she's coming from。

So those are most of the most common stories， you know， there's combinations of stories， et cetera。

 start in between， but those are the most common stories now note。I said that earlier。

 Sometimes we know force a match。 We try to force， match our stories。 Don't fucking do that。

 You know， we meet a person we really want to be。 We really want to be with。

 we really want that person to be close to our story And because we want to like people， you know。

 we will lie to ourselves， Well we have complete blind spots of certain negative behaviors or behavior traits and thus make the story perfect。

 Oh， she's perfect。 But what about that not worry about it。 you know， how to fix that very。

 very easily， Obviously， number one， or actually to be honest。😡。

You can only start to slowly diminish the effect of it by increasing number one， your abundance。

 number two， your sense of selfworth。 number three， your patience， if you deploy these three things。

 you'll be much more aware of certain blind spots that you're having like watching this video helps you out as well and it really is like that if you're not desperately seeking you know to be completed to be in relationship。

 you can see things a lot clear， you can see them as they actually are， you know。

 and then you're patient enough that amongst all the girls。

 you'll you'll hook the actually write one in the next weeks and months。 you know。

 you don't need to lock this girl down， even though she like seems to be be reverse players。

 you know， there's always gonna be a more ideal candidate and I gave that example earlier I have a sales position open and I was like fuck man I just want that position to be fucking I have a lot of other shit to do you know and then I interviewed the guy and he seem really cool I'm like and I told him hey。

 gonna have the job buddy and he's like that's great day。

He's like oh I'm not sure if I still want it it's weird I don't want to move to Keev and I'm pressuring him and again。

 objectively I'm like too that's a sign he doesn't want it man， don't even let him come。

 don't even let him be part of the company man he's a bad choice but I was so desperate of having that position covered I'm like to worry man。

 I'll do anything for you you know and then he two weeks later he's like no I'm not gonna to do it and we had to go back to the whole application process and he basically caused more damage than good because again I was so desperate to fill that fucking position。

So。be aware of that。Notes as well。 we often carry around a certain you know wish list within us。

 but it's not ours。 The thing is here that it's usually shit that we should want rather than shit that we actually want。

 You know again， like a perfect idea of the mainstream narrative it's got to be like this and you're like。

 well， this is what it's supposed to be rather we taught that， but you've done inside。

 you like something else， you know which is why it's crucial for you to go through the four becomings。

 even if it takes you years， dude， this program is not supposed to watch it in a week and have no。

 it's supposed to be a constant companion for you on your yearlong monthlong journey， you know。

 unless you go through the fucking forbes， you'll never truly know what you want unless you gather those experiences。

 you know I mentioned this earlier but I always used to think like I like the outgoing girls。

 the social motivating kind of girl as you know shit like that but all my past relationship say differently like yo。

 I like just the girl that is a little calm where I can relax know I can go a little rants and that is it。

So last but not least I mentioned in the very beginning， if you see， okay。

 well I'm resonating with a lot of bad stories here， the horror story， the police story。

 whatever it is。 what can I do about my story。 Well， most importantly。

 step1 shed a light on your story and also on horror story。

 the partner that you're in the story with。 shed a light on your stories and learn how to identify them。

 You know， being aware of this is our story is already a huge step。 this is my story。 Oh， no， no， no。

 no， that's bad。 You know， remember， you shedding a light on your stories is so good because stories are subject to change。

 the more you experience。 the more you can change those stories。 You know， the more you evolve。

 the more advantageous those stories become for you and the higher quality women you will attract with higher quality stories。

 You know， you can also put a little more conscious effort other than just identifying them what you can do。

 And this is a very， very great。 Let's say you're in a very disadvantage。😊。

is disadvantage disadvantageous story， you know， like the horror story。

 you're in the horror story you're in the police story and now you know that you're in that story。

 what you that you're being controlled， you know you know that you need to change the story What you can do is you do the falling you change the ending of the story So you shed light on it number one and number' to change the ending of the story you can even say。

 okay I might be the guy who's continuously drawn to the wrong kind of girls over and over again for now let me change the ending。

 you know I'm not going let the relationship end after years of months of suffering。

 I'm going to end it earlier right now， I'm not change the ending of the story I'm gonna walk away before it's too late maybe it is too late but I'm gonna walk away before it gets even worse you know I'm not going to indulge in this kind of story even any further I'm going to walk away and I'm not going to indulge with any new girls of this story。

As soon as I see red flags， you know， programs like this。

 where it's breaking down the red flags and how the signs of girls that are bad look like， etc ce。

 they'll help you also change the ending of the story。

 And then what you can then do on a more introspective。

 longer inner game journey is you can follow the trail of wise So you've shed light on yours and her story。

 You're changing the ending of the story， You're walking away and now it's time to say。

 you know why am I drawn to this kind of story。 Why am I even attracted these kind of girls。 Well。

 maybe let's look at the past because back in the days。

 I haven't had a lot of attention from my parents， maybe that's why I'm seeking the attention in the girl。

 many times I've been abused by my parents。 Maybe that's why I'm seeking the abusing of my girlfriend of my sexual partner and again。

 shedding light on that， making a conscious effort to working on the forbecoms， attaining abundance。

 getting in more experiences and continuously rewriting your reality。

 those things can help you a lot to overcome your old own。

And kind of steer the changing on the story into the right direction so it becomes more advantageous for you。

And again， identifying her story on top of yours will result in a great understanding of what attracts her and why she's behmaving that way。

 And then you can see， okay， how far do I want this certain girl to be my life。

 how far do I want that my life， etc ceter， etca， etc ce。

 You can then always go ahead and decide how well the story fits yours。

 how deep you want to go into relationship with her。

 F buddy or just long term relationship or whatever the fuck is or you know， run off。

Everything is fine now。Talked a lot about this now。

 and I hope it blew your mind as much as it did mind when I came up with these concepts When I read it in books。

 I applied it into the pickup context， applied it into a little less mainstream narrative brainwashed context。

 I really hope this helps you out a lot。 Call to action for this video at the end。😊。

What is your story？Identify at least two of your stories that you were drawn to and why？

Interesting introspective work can to be done and I'll see you in the next video the next chapter。

 Jji。