# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：1.内心的游戏--揭穿神话：2.你是谁（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

Alright， the nobe。 Now， after watching this video， you'll be able to identify the most important pitfalls of that stage。

 whether or not you're in that stage and also you can always get back to this video during your journey。

 They're just kind of see like， okay， wait， I mean。

 I'm ressonating much more with this now with this point or much more than with that point。 So again。

 see as a Bible。 you can always get back to this now。 let's look at this right now。

 because this video is just some sort of self-assesment。

 I'm not gonna provide you with any fixes now。 we're just going go through the most important characteristics of this stage。

 So you can assess where you are。 The fixes of this problem are actually going to be in the becoming sex worthy video。

 which we're going go to later on。 Now， the noob。😊。

His main issue is he's inexperienced and he doesn't really know what he truly wants so if that is you I'm talking to you okay so your main issue is your inexperienced。

 you don't really know what you truly want you're not even obviously you don't know what girls want in any of that but most important I think the most important pitfall is that you don't know what you want you think you do but you don't also it's very highly likely that you're desperate right so the positive things for the newbie is nothing none you're basically fucked and again it's extremely unnaturally and you should get out of there。

JK， to a degree， I'm kidding to a degree， but because the good thing about you right now。

 if you're at aub is you're here and you're ready to learn al right。

 you're here to take your future into your own hands and push it further， So yes。

 you might be the Munobe stage， but you're at the fucking verge to getting it into the next stage。

 which is literally better than 99% of guys out there。 So yo， don't despair。

 we gotcha okay now let's try to really summarize what the new is。

 I would say if I had to summarize it except for being desperate I would summarize with two words。

Confused and frustrated。 again， frustrated and confused。 Let's look at the frustrated part。 right。

 you know， you have no experience with women。 Okay， but tons of times。

 you might have witnessed someone else getting the experiences in， right。

 You see the guy in the movie， your friends or whatever。 But you yourself。

 or you don't have any experiences with women， which makes me very， very frustrated。

 I'll never forget， I myself was that guy， you know， I was like， getting into puberty。 And even。

 even when I was a kid， many guys and girls had like， yeah， you really cute kid。

 You're gonna have a nice little girlfriend。 I'm like， yeah， can't wait， you know。

 you know it was 14。Nobody won the fuck me he was 151617 and it got really I'm like all my friends were late with the fuck and I'll never forget my friend Greggoa was his name Austria name and he would just be like yeah hurt her He had always like some sort of girlfriend Like somehow he's like yeah was it the fucking beer tent。

 We have this beer tent in Austria it's something like Octoberfest and I walked behind the tent with his check and should get me a blow job and it was so mind blowing for me。

 I think it was 16。 he was my age and for me like getting a blow job is like this thing I would jerk off to porn And this is like this like in my world it would be so outside of my reality to get a fucking blow job and he just casually told and I'm like。

Frustrated， right， frustratingtrating because I'm witnessing everybody else getting the results。

 Another thing that is a characteristic of the new is you just want it to end。

RightYou want the life that you have right now， just to end just like， all the loneliness。

 can just come to an end。 all the frustration。 Can't I just have this one girl， at least to come in。

 you know， which bringss to the next point you're seeking the easy way out。

 right fantasizing about the one perfect girl moving in next to you This is what I had。

 and again like literally everything I'm telling here is me has been me sharing it with you。

 So right so I would literally fantasize about this hot girl from a different country moving in next to me she's from far。

 far away。 So she doesn't know anybody else。 excuse me。

 she lives right next to me and I'm her only point of contact you know。

 together we fall in love and there's no obstacles to overcome No other guys that I need to compete with because I'm her neighbor and I'm the only nice guy and all the other guys try to fuck her。

 but they're all assholes and I'm her only her only hope， right。Fucked up。

 if you ever watched the movie What's that movie called with Alicia Cuthbert， girl。

 the girl next door， literally like that's the story， right， And it was for me。

 that was the ultimate fantasy。 Like only this one girl could just moving next to me。

 So I don't have to like attract her。 I don't have to know anything about the game thing。

 And just like， you know， she's just like really really hot girl。 like extremely 9 out of 10。

10 out of 10 hot， but she she's really not interested in any other guy like all this fucked up。

 like I'm getting angry。 just thinking about that。 Now this is bought away what we call the classic codepend mindset。

 Why codepend。 Well， she is dependent on you because she doesn't know anybody else， right。

 You're dependent on her because。😊，Well you're showed and you have no other options right so it's this extremely codependent mindset。

 which is the mindset that 99% of the relationships are in Fyi and yes。

 we will talk more in great depth about the codependent mindset but let's let's keep on going with the characteristics here on top of all that one of big characteristic is judgmental attitude towards sex right you see women enjoying sex right going for the player having fun because that's what they actually like for girls it's fun flirt with men it's in their fucking DNA right you see you're not a part of that So again to get it back to that example。

 the girl giving a blow job to my friend。What am I thinking about the girl oh what a slot。

 a nice girl， a girlfriend worthy girl would have never done that judging， judging。

 judging secretly I wish I was the guy receiving the blowjo right so you're not part of it saying judge these are all sluts right were all the real women。

 the loyal ones， the good ones like mix T all the way and。Obviously。

 M towing and of itself is a great movement， but it has been hijacked by a lot of really buthered mail。

I just don't get late， so yes。Don't lie to yourself。Being basically saying， no。

 don't lie to yourself， you have a judgmental attitude because you're not getting late enough。

It's crazy if I just imagine if I would be like a fucking asshole that hates women' if they're all dirty。

 but like 10 fucking nines and tens would just come in， like fondle me。

 like suck my dick every day like， you're the best， I'll be like， yo， women are awesome。

Like literally every player that you see out there who fucks a lot of girls。

 he's not a judgmental asshole because he's not jealous。

 he's not envious of people having fun because he's part of it say yeah。

 don't lie to yourself now on top of all that so we've talked about the frustration point right all these things come together with a frustration now confused You also feel very confused right because you think that the nice guy is the best way to get a girlfriend right I bought the girlfriend game because I really don't want to do the pickup thing I just want to be a nice guy or she like guys just want the one thing you know so I want to stand out and I'm clearly gonna first go down the route of just being nice and doing everything the girl wants for me without even trying to make a fucking move while she fuck all the other guys all all the fucking douchebags all the douchebags I want to get in relationships I'm the nice guy bought away girls's get in relationship with all the fucking douch bagsags and how does this nice girl Jane get in relationship with all。

Guys， there are such assholes， I would treat her well。

 right so this confuses the hell out of you because that's why mainstream narrative。

 that's what mainstream narrative fucking tells you， right？

RightYou should not be the guy that is the douchbackag of fucks all the girls yet you have the real life example of the douchbackag getting all the girls She' like I'm fucking confused。

 let me go by the let me go by the the men's health and the Buzzfeed article and it just has be nice so I'm just gonna do that and then again you go to the cub you see the fucking asshole making out with all the chicks。

😡，Coming in with a judgmental attitude he's an asshole and all these women are sluuts right so that's again the reality of the nope Now you probably even had firsthand experiences of that yourself right this was my case you've confessed your love to the girl that you really like you're like I like you I just really like you She doesn't reciprocate it because there's no emotions involved She's not attracted to you right or which was also me you're working on a girl like don't even talk to youka because I'm working on her you've been working on her for months it like little text messages every morning she goes to school with you so you just kind of talk to each other and like look at each other you never make a move so youre working on her for months right only to see her run off with the next fucking douch bagag she met over like the weekend because again he was able to spike her emotions and attract her and you're just the newbe。

So common misconceptions。That noves have， let's talk about those。First of all。

 the I just have to wait for the right one misconception the right one will just come around the corner right and it we willll all be fine that's a very bad misconception to have and obviously that leads to what complete an action you end up having no experience at all you just do a little notifying job and just keep being a nice fellow and then she's gonna come around right and it its where that confusion that misconception leads you is。

Complete an action and then bound for a life of more confusionness and frustration。

 because it's basically a downward fucking spiral。You're waiting， never happens。

 continuously more frustrated， more confused， which nags that you drags you down。

 your life just goes。At some point you end up being 30， 40， unhappily married。

 even more unhappily divorced， you hate women because of what they've done to you。

 hate douchebags and。I mean， again， fuck， but again。You're here， you're here to change。

 So I I don't want to depress you here with all these negative things。 You will， by the way。

 see this program the first couple chapters are very negative just to like suck the poison give you this reality check whoa whoa。

 wake up， This is not fucking reality。 Okay， what you've been fed is not real right and then we'll get more and more positive towards the answer you stick with us。

😊，It will get better but， and this is so fucking key right now。

 I want you to write this down literally take your phone， open a notepad。

 take a pen and the fucking paper， write this down right now。😡。

You cannot not wait for the right girl to magically appear again。

 you cannot not wait for the right girl to magically appear。

All you can do is you can create the right opportunities。 They're not coming。

 They're created by whom No the fucking Max， nobodys camera guys， It's created by you。 Okay。

 answer again， write the shit down And by the way， spoil alert。 The right one has already come。

 There's a lot of right girls out there。 She's already crossed your path。

 You might have even fucking talk to her。 Who eye contact。 F smiled at her at this on the street。

 but you were not man enough to talk to her。😡，You did not take the opportunity and make it yours。

 You didn't create an opportunity。 You let her go， Let that sink。 I guarantee you。

 the right girl has already been there， but。You were either。

Not able to approach or you were too chdy and you fucked it up， right。

 just kind of doing your thing with your job， being a good person and all these things。

 how the fuck is this going to prepare you for shit？How is this going to prepare for anything。

 How does one prepare to become a weightlifting champion by just kind of being a man guy。

 doing anything No， its he's becoming a weight of champion by lifting fucking weights by getting out there and doing shit same goes for relationships It's your responsibility to go out。

 meet women， learn social dynamics， learn about yourself， learn about what you want， what women want。

😡，It's that simple。 How does one prepare for a relationship by doing shit， waiting。

 shaving yourself is not gonna do fucking shit。 And I did say I'm not gonna provide you with fixes here in this video。

 I guess I kind do but again more about this soon the main point here is by waiting。

 you're not going to achieve anything Now as a little side note here if you're suffering from something that we call approach anxiety you have trouble overcoming your fear of talk to girls of overcoming reject your fear do the other people gonna think about etc if you have approach anxiety I created a program a while ago it's called fearless the approach anxiety bustster program a couple thousand people already on this program。

 All of those guys report back to us my approach is gone I can finally approach girls with these etc So if you have that problem I highly recommend you checking it out we're gonna bump it up here somewhere crushing myfe co that's the website you do get 100 off by the way if you have this program you want to get fearless you don't have it you can get $10 off We'll link you to it we'll put the link somewhere here with the coupon。

or whatever the fuck it is because again， I want you to succeed and if you feel like this is your problem。

 it's not going to be covered in this program but it will be covered extensively and fearless。

 the App anxiety busster program。To get back to it， here's here's the key， Okay。

 you need every single experience okay， from having the 10 second interaction at the bus stop to the chaotic crazy five minute bathroom pool。

 you need these experiences， they will help you for long term relationships。As a sight note。

 you learn how to ban hot girls， but at the same time it helps you understanding social dynamics and the way women think。

 okay， this is really key。 you need every single experience now last but least。

I've talked about frustration and confusion， you're also confused about yourself， okay。

 you're not only confused about the thing， the way things work。

 but you're also confused about yourself， you think you know what you want， but you don't。

LOL it's so crazy because I always thought as my example here and I'm sharing a lot of my personal experiences here。

 help you know mind， I always thought I like the outgo and crazy girls that like Mary South Carolinaina talked to everybody because I'm like this was kind of attractive right because it has always been fed to me this narrative like these are the attractive girls and I got together with these girls I never felt 100% comfortable I would have sex and all that or went on this but I would never feel the urge to make them my girlfriend never felt the will to make them my girlfriend。

And as it turns out， I don't even like that。 my current girlfriend is a very sociable person。

 all of my friends love her that was always important for me。

 but she's not this girl who just keeps talking， who's a very social girl。If she automatically。

 she isn， and if she has to， right， she's just this calm energy that calms me down。

That is totally cool with awkward silences and all that so I thought that was the thing that I like。

But I didn't。 And again， this is just a simple example that you're extremely confused about the things you want。

 And also， I talked about desperation already， right。

 a common misconception with that desperation is，A partner will complete me。

RightIf I just have that girl just with me， I feel complete right And of course。

 that feeds into the mainstream narrative of not taking action， right， just getting a nice job。

 Don't take action。 Don't even work on yourself because the partner will complete you right So you basically have no abundance right？

 you want to lock down the first hot girl that does run off right。

 you want to lock her down so you can stop having put the work in yourself or I got the girlfriend now。

 she completes me I nothing without her， it sounds nice， It sounds cute。

 but how bad is it if you really think about it like nothing without you， Jenny。Like。

What girl wants to be with a guy that is nothing without her and by the way。

Have you ever seen a guy with like a really cool guy like tall， good looking， cool job。

 outgoing social with a girl that is clearly not his best choice。

 Like clearly a little under your value。 Yeah that's the nuob。 That's the nuob。

 that's the guy was like I'm just gonna settle down like lock down the first girl So I don't have to work on myself because scary out there if I need to work my camp。

 So I mean， yeah overall， here's's the key。 And again。

 I'm giving you a little bit of fixes more that in the chapters later on。

 learning to validate yourself from within is's just fucking key。

 Okay there's no good morning honey right good morning honey text。

 I love you or like you're the best boyfriend ever none of that shit is coming to you you have to learn to love yourself without these kind of text without the little validation that is one of the first steps and we'll bring you to that by the way。

 we'll guide you through that and also which is very key you need to realize where's your。

prereferences coming from right where are they urging from for example， I like a loyal girl。

 you know， like I don want her to be really loyal and just only have eyes for me and never even look at another guy obviously that's an extreme example now where does that come from？

That comes from a deeply rooted insecurity， you're too scared that she cheats on you， why？

Because you're too scared and someone else is better than you， why。

 because you yourself don't view yourself as high value， which is， again。

 you think the girl will complete you， you got to lock the girl down on all these things because deep down inside。

 you're insecure because why are you insecure， You're not born insecure。

 babies are not fucking born insecure， you're insecure because of your lack of action taking。

Every single action can take a showy little boy to a strong， masculine， attractive， fucking warrior。

 if you will。Right， but don't worry， all this sounds very negative。

Give you a little bit of fixes might sound like a lot of work don't worry we've got your back we'll lift you out of this okay the next chapters we'll build you up we'll tell you exactly what to do so this is the nube if you are in this stage don't worry about it we'll got you if you're not you might be in the player or in the boyfriend stage so let's see。

