# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：1.内心的游戏--揭穿神话：3.你是谁

Alright， so the player now after watching this video you'll most likely identify the most important pitfalls of that stage and at the same time it might even inspire you to get to that stage if you're not there because it doesn't even sound that bad anymore which is very very cool obviously also I want to say here this is merely an assessment video we're not gonna talk about the fixes and full yet。

 well talk about these fixes later on in the becoming deep chapter and here we'm just going assess it and look at the most important pitfalls etc now here's the thing。

 the main issue of the player is the falling number one， if you're the player， these are your issue。

 so listen up number one， you're reliant on game you think you're getting all these girls because of the techniques in the shit you've learned not because of yourself you might have trouble opening up to certain girls you might have trouble because you're feeling that you're too validated by six you feel like I'm only getting that issue if I get fast sex and if。

Doesn't work my game sucks whereas theres some girls just need a little bit more time and you have trouble keeping the girl。

 you might be able to get fast sex， but you can't keep them。

 can't have them come back and you might even think that the player reputation that you've built yourself up is somewhat of a crutch you think it's bad now again not all of those need to apply to you but these are the most common pitfalls now the positive things though。

You've built abundance， right， you know what you want。

 you know what the girls want and you've established some sort of personal boundaries。 Okay。

 like this is what I want， This is not what I want。 This behavior is not cool， etc ce。 And yeah。

 and all these are very， very great things。 So let's look at in the greater detail into the pitfalls。

 number one， you're too reliant on game and not yourself。

 you didn't make really the transition yet to rely on yourself。

 You think you got all these girls with game like just the techniques of this or or saw this or a Julian video or a max video and it's just because of that whereas these techniques are obviously very。

 very great。 They get you the foot in the door。😊，Right， but it's usually。Yourself。

 the self that you've developed with the help of the techniques through these techniques。

 it's usually that self that attracts the girl okay， this is really， really key on top of that。

 which goes exactly along with that is you're having big difficulties quotequote dropping the mask。

I'll never forget that I was really good with game already。

 I got laid a lot and there was a girl I really liked and Vienna her name was Sophie and she watched Sophie。

 I love it she end up hating me because I could never drop the mask and we would go out to like very romantic date we've banged like for two weeks now and she's like。

 Maxax just just dropped the mask。😊，Like every now and then， I feel I glimpse into your real you。

 but just drop the mask， I feel like you。Putting this face up just be yourself and in my head I'm like can't beat myself。

 it's just a game right so obviously we'll go into great detail with that as well and what kind of goes along with that is you've seen a lot。

You've seen a lot of bullshhe， you've seen a lot of bad flakes。

 you've probably maybe you've fucked a bunch of girls that have a boyfriend that aren' in a relationship right you've seen a lot and you've trouble trusting girls you're like yose eight loyal you know so a common misconception here is that you think you have to get to a level where you can finally trust or you think you have to find that one girl that you can finally trust but that's a misconception yo this is really key yo wake up focus because this is really key that's a misconception。

The truth is， you'll never be fully at a level where you can trust her。

Not even where you can trust anybody， not even where you can trust yourself。

 so it's not about getting to the level where you can trust。

 it's about getting to a level where you don't need 100% trust。Let that sink Kim。

Getting to a level where you say， you know what？never fucking know what happens， bro， I mean。

 take like。As an example right now， like I trust to a great degree。

 but not fully that I'm the best choice my girlfriend could ever get， same for her。

 I think that she's the best choice for me。Because I got game， I'm funny， I'm sweet， I'm fit。

 I'm healthy， I can offer her a lot of great things like traveling the world。At the same time。

 dude you know， there can always be a better guy， there could always be a guy who's a taller。

 that's easy with even sacreder game， was even nicer who could travel the world even or he could take her up to space with the fuckcker。

Richard Branson's son， he can take her up to fucking space， you know so again like。

It's never about trusting。 It's always about getting to a level where you like， you know what。

 But I'll be fine because if my girlfriend gets a guy that is better than me。 I'm like， yo， I'm fine。

 I'm on my fuck I'm on my journey， I can I can just develop。 Sure it hurts。 It's gonna hurt。 But yo。

 I'll be fine。 right， That's the level as a sight note。 So let's look at the next big thing。 Now。

 let's talk about having trouble opening up because here's， here's a funny thing。

Opening up should never fully happen。 Girls love it when the guy is a little bit of a mystery。

 So again the nu would be like here's everything all the garbage。

 all the packagegage but she knows everything about me right the player says like don't open yourself up every time you showov all rip the bit is got you know so again like you might not even see the value and ever opening up at all。

 So you kind of miss the opportunity of being in a growing relationship where you can let yourself go So as a sight note here we're gonna get into deeper shit with it later weakness is perfectly okay just a tiny bit every now and then never do it fully because you'll lose your value。

Ofeended already， and you probably needed to hear it。

 which is similar to the too validated by instant quick sex issue right we'll talk about this later too。

 first of all， it's totally okay to be validated by sex to feel good like when you fuck a new girl right but it can kind of be difficult when you feel dealidated if you can't close right away you banged four chicks the last week all them on the first date you meet one girl that you really like and you couldn't close and it kind of an ags on you and you think it's the game and you feel less of a man shit like that So you got to be careful with that shit。

 and this is usually a paradigm that many players get stuck they would just give up like I couldn't close the girl the first time fuck it right they would like her。

 but they're so scared to lose that value that the girl would be totally down to fuck them totally down to be into something more serious even but now the guy just gives up and the girl's like well's not doing the thing So I guess it's not gonna happen right So this is a big problem now important do not interpret that。

If you want to be the guy who has the girlfriend then wait for sex that's bullshit like many people are like if I really want to have a girl's girlfriend。

 I'm just gonna wait for sex， that's bullshit bullshit bullshit relationships are built on sex to never ever think that just because you want to make a girl your girlfriend that you don't have to fuck her right away that you should wait or even crazier like making a whole your girlfriend by not even having fucked her that is borderline fucking retardation it's really key both is fine to a degree I remember my third of relationship or fourth of relationship I pulled the girl literally after two minutes It was a two minute in home sex done she became my girlfriend because we just really liked each other on the other hand my current girlfriend。

 I think we had sex on the second or third date because she's like hey let's wait a little bit I'm like damn fucking I I'm going I'm fucking all these other girls both。

That's fine， but don't misinterpret it as girlfriend game means less sex or any of that shit。

 any relationship was built on sex。Lock that down Now let's talk about the positive things as a player because there's already a lot number one I mentioned it。

 you've built abundance， you know what you want， you don't live in this magical area streamland anymore where culture 9s and loyal and it's just real right。

You know what's up， you've you know you know the girls and shit like that now by the way。

 if you will teach a lot of that here in the Gg girlfriend game and already。

 but I made a program that goes incredibly in depth with becoming that player getting a crazy amount of abundance with the hottest girls that program is called the natural you can always get it let's edit it in here as well just have the natural becoming a natural come。

 you also get$100 dollars off if you have this program you don't have the natural yet we have the coupon code as well。

 you can always get it FY I Now here's the key why first to player this is really key because you're like the girlfriend game why don't you talked about all these things like getting abundance why first to player why is it new player boyfriend and not new boyfriend Well as a new you have no idea what you want or girls like you're inexperienced and you're an easy target for low self-esteem women This is so key Low self-esteem women who are all about manipulation F another guy over just beta。

him over and over again until he's a little cook and then fucking letting him go。

 breaking up with him and fucking another guy or cheating with him。

 cheating with the other guy on you and all these things。

 you're an easy target if you've never gone through the player paradigm。Because as a nuob。

 when you're not a player， if you want to transition right from nube to boyfriend。

 you have something we call scarcity， you have a scarcity of options。

 which means you don't have a lot of options now。Being being in a position where don't have a lot of options will not get you in a position where you act from a position of wanting。

In fact， it will get you in a position where you act for a position of needing。

Does that does that make sense， And that's never good， as we all know。

 be in a position of I need the girlfriend to complete me to feel good about myself because I don't have choices。

 never good。 No， no， no be in a position of the player where you have abundance where like I know what I want I what girls want。

 I got a lot of options。 That's a perfect option because now you're picking only the top notch 1% of girls because you're not coming from a position of needing。

 you're coming from a position。Of wanting。 I won this girl。 sure， but I don't need her。 Make sense。

 Good。 Now， let's talk about the player reputation。 And I mentioned it earlier before。

 Many players out there are still buying into the mainstream narrative。

 They are getting late and all that but deep inside the mainstream narrative is still， you know。

 doing the puppet strings， pulling the leverrs and all that。

 It's sad it's fucking sad after all this time。 of getting abundance deep down self， deep downside。

 they still believe that game got them the girls， right。

 not their personality and that being a player in essence is bad。 sex is taking from the girl， right。

 like， well， the game thing it helps manipulate women and fuck a lot of them， right。

 How many of your friends know that you're in the game。

 How many of the girls that you met how many of your fuck buddies or girlfriends know that you that you're in the game。

 Many of us are ashamed about it。 I can't show anybody the RD videos。

 I can't tell anybody that I'm at an RD free tour at a seminar。 I can't tell anybody that I。

Purchase a program oh my God， it's so evil right if you're that person， yes， it's because deep down。

 you're still ashamed of being a player isnn't that crazy， but being a player is not a crutch at all。

It's not a cru hole。It's fucking crazy。 Girlirs do love using this。

 You're just that player as a test。 I mean， fuck， dude， go on my Instagram。

 There's so many girls in that Instagram， Every new girl that I like follow me in Instagram is get in touch。

 She's like， who are all these girls。 You're such a player。 They love using that as fucking test。😡。

Even though they're thinking this guy's fucking amazing。

 it's crazy and it's the same if the girl thinks about becoming serious with you。

 even then it's good to be a player， really write this down， even then it's good to be a player。

 and here's a crazy thing many times the girl of your choice will make you feel like you want to show yourself down。

 she will give you every sign of show yourself down， drop all the girls， commit more。

 she will give you every sign but deep down inside she still wants you to be this awesome player who spikes your emotions who fuck her well who has a lot of abundance and all that every single sign will point to a different direction。

 It's the ultimate shit test。I've been there。 do trust me brother。

 I've been there so many times myself。 I've seen clients fail over and over again because the girl would give him all these signs。

 the ultimate last test。 And I said please pass this test。

 don't commit too much be a cool guy Sure as' hell commit more towards her but don't make it that the power shifts to her。

 I've had that myself for first time when I had that when I kind of realized what the fuck is going on。

 I met this wonderful girl。 It was on on my tour just before I was launching the natural I think just before I was recording it really amazing girl。

 she was a virgin that was the straw that broke to camel's back because like she's virgin virgin girlfriend big right So she was special for me and she's just like she knew what I was doing So she kept giving me shit about it。

 I'm like maybe you're the only one I'll quit Ill quit the Rs D。

Crazy I quit RsD thing I'll move to to York city day and I almost did man I moved to I didn't move to the city but I went there。

 I shot a bunch of videos there as well to shit like that。

 but I went there basically just to see her and she didn't even want to see me anymore she went from I love you I want you to be the first guy in my fucking vagina I want to be in relationship with you to not even picking up the phone anymore and you see that can even happen to the very extreme experienced player crazyhu and you know why let's break it down quick as a little excursion Why did that not work。

Why does that not work？Any shit test is basically a test for how congrus is that guy。 Now。

 when you're a player， you come from abundance side of that， you track the well。 now she says。

Open yourself up more， drop all the other girls， boyfriend， boyfriend da。And you， you apply to that。

 right， you bow down to that and you say， you know what？Fucking I'll drop all the girls just for you。

 You haven't even qualified her enough。 There's a discrepancy between。

The player that she thinks she is and the show behavior that you all of a sudden display so she's like I thought he's the cool player guy I thought he's awesome sure I wanted him to commit a little bit more but I don't want him to just do 180 degree turn I'm not sure who this fucking guy is now I thought he's the fun player guy now he's showinging himself down there's discrepancy I can't even fucking trust this motherfu。

AllHow crazy is that really think about that so really most importantly， understand that girls love。

The challenge。They love。The challenge of the player。 Okay。

 it's it's called the domestication of the player into the boyfriend。

 There's nothing better for the girl than that。 And again。

 I hope all this talk is not depressing you way too much because we will be overcoming this stage in the chapter becoming deep right now。

 this is an early selfassesment。 this is you welcome， we got your back。

 If you think you're mother boyfriend。 We're gonna look at that right now。 So let's go。

