# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：5.高级女友游戏：4.远距离关系

Okay， let's talk about long distance relationships， because this is a program about relationships。

 And I think at least once in your life， you're going to have a long distance relationship。

 especially nowadays， You know where many of us have business， We're kind of travelling， et cetera。

 So we end up many times in long distance relationships。 And lots of things。

 Lots of things that people do completely wrong until now， diseases are in gone do it。 So important。

Really are first off， Don't get into a long distance relationship for the wrong reasons。

 It's doomed to fucking and fail and it's gonna to hurt and it's gonna be really dumb Ga。

 a story of me and my。😡，Can't remember what girlfriend that was one of the girlfriends that I had long time ago before I gotten into RsD。

 It was my second ever 10 that I've ever had。 So obviously。

 I couldn't fucking deal with a story of not owning her。

 So I girlfriendended her up knowing that she will leave Vienna， Austria where I would used to live。

 And I think four weeks or something like that or two months， some shit like that。

 And it's gonna be retardted and it's gonna be dumb and I won't have money to travel and meet her a shit like that。

 but I did it nonetheless for Ron fucking reasons。 right。

 I held on to it even even though I knew it's gonna be very destructive。 And yeah。

 as as destructive as it could get。 and I got relationship with her just full on scarcity mode。

 It ended up with me crying。Again， remember what I said earlier。

 I cried on the way back because didn't work out。 She was extremely low selfesteem before that。

 I cried in a church。 like praying to God。 like please God like this workout。

 I really love her so much。 I'm not even I'm not even a religious person。

 but I thought like crying in a church might help like that's actually happening。

 And now what God heard my it really heard my he heard my prayers。 and I got into RsD。

 and now I'm rich。 and I haven't much hot better girlfriend。 So thanks God， G G。

 So getting into a long distance relationship with a low selfesteem girl is a nightmare and it's hell。

 okay。😊，It's horrible。 Like， what does a relationship with a low selfeststeem girl look like。

 She probably is going to do it because of the validation。 You know。

 she just likes that there's some guy like， oh， even。

 even guys thousands of miles away still love me and they want to be with me。 Like it's fucked up。

 Low selfeststeem girls are going to think that Okay， many times， she'll use。Biting and waiting。

 you know， one of the shit tests， one of the most classic shit tests， in fact。

 to just bind you next year。 you know， she's probably saying shit like， oh， you know， just right now。

 just I'm just living there right now， but soon will be together and we can live together。

 She will use this baiting and waiting to just bind her to you without ever actually planning and eventually being together with you。

 That's what the little self-esteemed girl is gonna do。 and that's how it's gonna fuck you up。 Okay。

 so write this down right the following shit down。 long this is relationships。

 only only only works with a high self-esteemed girl。 anything literally anything else will kill you。

 Okay， it doesn't matter if she's broken and needs your support。 She doesn't。

 You're not a fucking psychotherapist， go watch that chapter again。 It doesn't matter。 what she says。

 you know， you're the one。 You're the best hurt you。 No， it doesn't fucking matter。

Temporary truths man remember temporary fucking truths。

 it doesn't matter how special she is to you abundance bra watch the entire， I mean。

 the entire chapter and how to get a girlfriend again， if you seriously think that ge bear of me。

 okay， abundance。And honestly， even if you have a high self-esteem girl。

 you still can't have a long distance relationship with any kind of high self-esteem girl。

 she still needs to be okay with that。 She still needs to share that story that you are having。 okay。

 example right now the girlfriend and I have right now。

 We're kind of a long distance relationship because I'm traveling a lot。

 we do see each other quite a lot。 But the same time we also spend time apart from each other。

 Now the thing， the reason why this works so well is because she likes being alone。

 she actually prefers having a long distance relationship because I get on a nerves。

 I go on crazy shit like that。 and we share a lot of our story together。 Okay。

 she likes doing her own thing。 she's going to school。 She's working。 I like doing my own thing。

 but also we both appreciate the intensity of when we actually are together。

 and when we're hanging out together。 And again， we both are on the same page and that's why it works。

 It doesn't work with any high selfesteeem girl。 It still needs to be close to her story。😊，Now。

 let's talk about managing expectations because it's more important in a long distance relationshipship as it is in any other kind of relationship。

The way I would do it is the falling。 I would say， okay， we're having a long this relationship。

 but I like you。And I will think a lot about you， even when we're apart。

 But I also want you to enjoy your life。 Okay， so it's important that you give her that freedom that if she meets another guy that is really cool that she can still do whatever she wants to do together with that guy。

 Okay， tell her， Hey， Hey， baby， let let this what we're having not be the reason none of us cannot have any fun。

 Okay， if you want to do something with a guy， go ahead and do it。

 I don't want to be the reason that sits thousands of miles away。 why you can't have fun。

 do your thing。 Our love is stronger than this。 And if it's not， then it's no problem。

 But I believe our love is stronger than this。 We don't need to give each other certain rules and limitations here。

 because it will only make us associate our relationship with something bad with not having instead of having。

 right。😊，When you say that， when you generally mean it， it actually increases your value。

it will increase your values， you will actually be less likely to quote unquote cheat on you。

But that's obviously not why you're doing it。 That's not what。

 That's not why you're telling her this。 Well or po， So she does some cheat on No。

 you're telling her this because you truly want to be in a position where you're actually mad enough to handle it。

 If she has another guy。 You want to be in a position where your ratio is strong， no matter what。

 So again。You need to give her that expectation that it's all fine and that you can do whatever she can do whatever the fuck she wants and that both of you're free and that you're not bound by some external rules。

 but you're bound by your desire and your love for each other。Okay and also on top of that。

 when it comes to managing expectations， ideally， you should always have the next meeting already planned。

 never or try to minimize the time where you're leaving and you don't know when you see each other again。

 So always have the next meeting plan so you can look for it， you can。

 you know count the day straight it， et cetera， et cetera。 You can say youre like okay。

 maybe see you in X day， see you in X weeks。😊，Think that's important for anybody。

 but especially for girls didn't want to have something tangible to hold on to or tangible whenever're a pronounce it。

 Now， let's talk about your mindset when you're apart because you're gonna to spend most of your time apart。

 So mindset is key。Number one， never， ever be jealous。 This will kill you。 Okay， never。

 ever be jealous。 Write the following thing down。 Jealy is not。An indicator of how much you like her。

 It's an indicator of how insecure you are。 I'm not saying run around， fuck a lot of women。

 I'm saying， show her that you're having a good time， no matter what。 it keeps her attracted。

 And because of that， you're making her feel good。 You're doing her favor by keeping her attracted to。

 you remember that we said that in the entire chapter， how to keep your girlfriend attracted。

 the entire chapter and how to attract your girlfriend in first place。 Watch those chapters again。😡。

If you're feeling right now like， well， why should I post， we will make her feel bad。

 Watch these chapters again by making her attracted to you， you doing her a favor。

 If she's low selfestseem is gonna freak out。 Oh my God。

 you hanging out with other people having fun。 Well then she's got to go anyway。 again。

 being racial with a low selfestteem girl is the most horrible thing you could ever do。

 especially if it's a long distance relationship。So again， use social media to increase your value。

 side effect of that Her tourp， you're increasing your attraction for any girl following you or being friends with you。

 not just your girlfriend。 Okay， it's a good thing either way。And he might ask yourself now。 So。

 you know， if I have to do， I have to do all these things now， just。

 to keep that one girl interested in me。 No， no。You have to do all the shit because it helps you with any girl。

 with all your friends， with your businesses， with your networking。

 how it's a good fucking way anyway， dude remember the four fucking Bes。

 they teach you to have that epic life anyway。 You should have this life anyway， man。

 All you're doing now is you just documenting it along the way to get more value out of it to have it on your social media to keep your girlfriend attracted。

😡，Okay， if you ever heard of the so called Cru dynamic， Well。

 you haven't heard of the Cru dynamic because it's a fucking term that I coined。

Crusush dynamic means basically the falling。A girl loves following a guy that she's into。

 They develop a crush on you。 They love watching all your posts， all your new Instagram stories。

 all your snaps。 they go through that。 they go through that。 And if there's no news。

 they go to go through the old ones and they gonna look at They love this like stalker kind of I have a crush on the guy。

 I'm gonna watch all that stuff kind of stuff。 They love being in this。

 and the crazy thing is it makes her idealize you。 by using welltar posts that you're posting。

 here's me hanging out with girls， Here's me hanging out with friends。 Here's me having a good time。

 Here's me ustling hard。 targeted posts。 the girl， any girl， not just to girlfriend。

 any girl will start to idealize you how crazy is that as opposed to doing nothing。

 And then she might actually do the opposite of idealizing you。 She's imagining you being all showdy。

 She's imagining much being more showdy than you actually are。

 So if you're not posting on social media she has no reference points。

 she might even think that you're like you like sitting on the couch I all alone。😊。

jerk and ho hurt youorpe。 by best sure so much while your value just fucking goes down It's crazy。

 It's really， really fucking crazy。 So again， social media can boost your fucking value through the roof。

 but not only value and attraction。 but you can also use social media to build rapport you can like one of the crazies things that I did way back a days with my first on this is relationship and would post really high value pictures back then on Facebook and we were counting the days until we see each other again。

 it was very toxic relationship honestly， it was like low self-esteem bull it was horrible。

 but the same time I did get that cute kind of idea of like while I'm posting all these high high value things with other girls and other people。

 I write down the number of days that it takes until we see each other again on my hand or somewhere。

 So I would like have like 91 on my shoulder like while I'm hanging out with other hot girls and everybody's like hey Max。

 what's that number 91 on your shoulder and then my girlfriend would see that and she's like 918976 Oh my God。

 these are the days。Days do we see each other so cute。 Oh my God。

 he's thinking about me while he's doing all these epic things。 So yeah。

 I mean that's a little cheesy， but you get the gist。

 You can use these things to actually increase rapport on top of attraction。 really， really sick。 or。

 for example。😊，What I did also way back to these years ago is I would have this girl and we would eat croissants all the time。

 and we were just told be。 it wasn't really a long distance ratio was more like fuck buddy shit。

 And I had this croissants that we always ate。 And then you know， we didn't see each other。

 And then I would literally just post a picture of a croissant of my social media and just like oh I love crosant。

 So she would watch as like oh my God， the croissants。

 I remember that a poor poor connection connection that's also a very， very cute thing to。

 So that's how you can use social media in your fucking favor。 Now。

 let me talk about staying in contact in general because staying in contact。

 obviously it's something that you want to do over long distance ratio。

 This is not like fucking 40 years ago anymore where you like setting her a letter helping it arise。

 No fucking text Whatsapp use all that shit。 So staying in contact。 first and foremost。

 I would almost say， don't text too often。Don't text to often。 And also not too rarely。 Ily。

 I would say every3 to five days is good。 Also on top of that。 Don't always be available。

 Don't text back right away。 Okay， have a healthy mix of texting back right away and taking a little bit of time。

 seriously， you should be busy anyway， You should be busy crushing it in the fucking life。

 You shouldn't sit on the couch like， when is she text me。 Oh， she text me no。

 take your time with those broken text back again， you're doing her a favor by keeping her attracted to you。

 Okay， also， have a healthy mix of text， voice messages， videos and pictures。 mix that shit up。

 keeps things very interesting。 You can do all that with technology now。Every， every now and then。

 every once in a while， call her。 Okay， call her or Skypeper。

 There's something deeper about the instant instantaneously instantaneous instant of back and forth when you're calling her or being on Skypeper or whatever。

 right， It's much better than just texting her back。

 having just a text like instant back and forth it's a lot more， it's a lot better connection。😊。

And obviously， when it comes to text game， et。 See the extra chapter on text game。

 we have it here in this wonderful girlfriend game program。

 You can go to watch details in there because many of them apply。

 especially when it comes to long distance relationships。 definitely check it out Now on top of that。

 when you're in a long distance relationship， I would say have a good mix of sexual topics。

 dirty topics， dirty talk， what would you do you heard if you was there now， hot pictures。

 hot videos， etc。 and also add nonsexual topics， emotional stuff。 know how is she， how are you doing。

 What's going on in your life， have a healthy balance of both， don't just focus on。

 Many guys focus on just the emotional shit， not the sexual shit。

 you gotta have both just like in a real oneonone relationship， right Now。

 also make sure that you don't become too needy， This is really toxic especially in a long distance relationship because you can't compensate with real life vibes。

 So no text like， oh baby， I love you so much。 Let me you so much。 It hurts。 Oh my God。 oh。😊。

God I just really need you right now like don't fucking do that even if you do that chill， okay。

 if you really feel like you're missing her so much chill。

 you can mention it once that's totally no problem hey ba miss you and then drop it if you repeat it too much first of all。

 it loses its power if you say I miss you all the time it loses its power and its whole meaning and you lose fucking attraction So toneny back okay chill chill you choke ass okay。

On top of that you can do things like Skype sex or hot pictures back and forth。

 hot little videos back and forth that's really cool to do that's really nice to do with the girl but let her work for it This is such a big fucking key Many guys have no problem sending dirty shit back and forth。

 but yo there's a qualification。We are you letting her work for it。 man。

 she's just deserving her hot， naked body。 No， no， no， let her work for it a little bit。 Again。

 You're doing her a fucking favor by letting her work for it。

 She wants that really key here to write the following thing down。

 It's not about what to do when she loses interest。 In fact， much rather。 It's how to avoid it。 Okay。

 again， how to avoid her losing losing interest， Let's look at it。 number one， social media。

 passive attraction。 gigantic， number two， write amount of texting and calling， Don't be too needy。

 if you do miss her， say it once and have that it， let her work for anything like like cute text。

 cute messages， Ho pictures， etc， etcter。 And most importantly。

 when you're actually hanging out together， making the fucking best out of it。 Okay。

 I'm saying good fucking sex， E experiences， having a good time， etctera， etca， etc ceter。

 That is how you keep her interested。😡，Now， interesting enough。

There's still a chance that she's still losing interest。 That is told you O。

 that shit can happen more about that at the very， very end。 It's cool。

 Nothing' is meant to last for everybody。 Okay， if you feel that she's losing interest。

 I think it's really important to know right off the bat。

 Is it only in your head or are there objective signs that she's losing interest。

Is she actually busy with fucking exams right now， and that's why she's not texting you as much as she did before。

Or is it like legitimately， she's not interested in you anymore， Like， you gotta be aware。

 you gotta get your own head out of your asshole and look at the objective。Signs here。

 iss she losing interest me it or not。 If so， if she's actually losing interest and it's an objective sign。

 then like I said， buddy， there's not much you can do except for fucking being a man。😡。

And doing your thing。There's not you， the worst thing。

The worst thing you could ever do when you see your losing interest is。Flying there to me her。

This is not a romantic gesture。 Oh my God， it is not。You fighting for her。

If she's about to lose interest and you go fly her to fix things。

 it's the most low value thing you could ever do。 And I know that every single cell in your body is gonna tell you I'm lying right now No。

 no no， but but my position is different。 my situation is different。

 It's very unique know if I go meet her now's it's gonna fix everything Go ahead， go ahead。

 fucking me meet her， fly there， waste money and time and then have your heart broken。

 It's the last thing you should do when she's losing interest when she's losing interest。

 do your fucking thing， let social media， passive attraction， work in your favor。

 keep going through the fourbes。😡，If she jumps on it， great， if not， it's her loss anyway。

 And I know I understand it's difficult。 And I know it hurts。 And I know your ego is involved。

 There's nothing else you can do。 trust me， okay， now let's further talk about when you do see each other。

 Okay， what should we do together。 Now， many guys think it's this order。 depth first。

 then maybe fun and then maybe sex。 But the truth is， it's the following order。 Fun。

 sex depth in that。 In essence， she needs real emotions now， now that she's with you。

 She needs real fucking emotions。 She needs real physicality when she's here with you。

 you can have depth。 Honestly， you can have depth to a great degree over text over the phone。

 you know， you can do all these things you can tell her how much she love you。

 You can tell her stories， You can have that depth over remote。 But the other things， fun physical。

 real emotions are almost impossible， when they're not in person。 Okay， really。

 make sure you fuck the shit out。Of her when you meet her， when you hang out with each other。

 it's so important。 That's the only thing you do in person that you can't do Otherwise， okay。

 create inside jokes and memories， document them， saveve them up for weeks and months to come。

 Nothing more attractive than that。 Save those kind of things。 for example， best examples。

My call girlfriend， one of our first。I think first week， first month I met。

 she left this wonderful golden hairpins， she left there at my place， you know， like girls do。

I kept them。 I put them in my wallet， and I traveled around the fucking world with them just to one day。

😡，Post a picture of it on my social media。 She saw that。 and she's like oh my God。

 he's take those are my hairpins。 I remember my emotions are back to that now， holy shit。

 so basically anything that creates this emotion of that very moment again And guess what I still have in my wallet man I'm still taking the shit around the world Ca that's some good nice emotions for me Okay now。

😊，Let me answer the question of how often should we see each other obviously it's you know ideally as much as possible her。

 but I understand you guys have obligations， works， etc cetera， et cetera。

 so I would always say the following make sure the schedule to see her at least。

1 and a half to three months， every one and a half to three months。 if you can do it more frequently。

 F yeah， obviously， if you can do it less frequently and why be in a long distance relationship anyway。

 if you can't see her every three months， that's very tough and seriously why you' in a long distance relationship anyway。

 So scheduleuling every one and a half to three months if possible to do more right honestly， I mean。

 if you're really look at it。 like planes are cheap to fly at her place。

 man or even have her fly to your place， go visit each other。

 or you both fly together to a different place and just kind of like explore that place。

 Also important when you do visit her at her place， have other activities to do there。

 don't just you know sit on her lap， either food， be your fucking in the ass。

 like ideally you have your own hotel， your own room， your own Airbnb。

 whatever the fuck it is right So you have your own things to do there as well。

 just in case honestly most of the time， you'll be hanging out with each other youre spinning in bed and shit like that。

 But it's always a good thing to be somewhat responsible of your own thing to be somewhat you know autonomous in your travels and not being reliant on her。

If it's cross continent， it's kind of more difficult because flights are a little more expensive。

 but honestly if you fly out of the season， flights can be really fucking cheap。

 if you fly in February March， you fly， you know across the Atlantic across Pacific I'll do a lot better price than usual and honestly talk about money like many guys would say shit like but I don't have enough money Max。

 I don't have how do I I don't have enough fucking money， but man I'm like dude。I'm sorry。

I think think I oh I'm sorry， I think I missed the point where I taught you that it's totally fine if you're unhappy with your life and do you just you not do anything about it？

I miss that chapter wheres should we go back to the chapter where I'm teaching， oh。

 it's cool if you don't have anything， just， you know， just be yourself。 Well guess what。

 there is no such thing。 There's no fucking chapter。 If you don't have enough money。

 go ahead and fucking make more money。 God damn I go out， figure fucking way out。

 You're fucking alpha male。 You gone to the fucking for becoming for reason， go figure shit out。

 if you unhappy happy with your money situation， go make more money， man， create a fucking business。

 get a fucking better job。 But I don't have the college。

 She be fuck you go to the fucking job interview anyway， hustle yourself into the company。

 I'm a business owner。 And if I have like， oh， you need to be you need to have the fucking degree in the thing。

 And some guy comes in as I don't have a degree。 but I do this this is this and he fucking。😡。

He gave us me。 I'm like， dude， this guy stole the shit。 Let me hire him。

 I'll find a position for them。 So again， like just quick， quick little money you brand here。

 Make more money。 You can't do it。 You're a fucking man。 man up。 Find a fucking。 Find a fucking way。

 okay。😡，Jeez， talk about a bonus tip here。 I have a bonus tip for you。

 A bonus tip is if you'd like create like a video or a photo collage of things that you did when you were together or any kind of other memories。

 like similar to the callback humor to the inside jokes thing that we mentioned and center that at some point like after a month or whatever because again。

 it brings her back into the emotional state when she was still with you you can even save a bunch of those up。

 And you know， just like sprinkle in over a longer time。 This is super powerful shit。

 super powerful shit。 or you save them for special occasion when it's her birthday， whatever。

 you can send her that video from the last trip that you did。 Its like music and shit like that。

 It's really great。 And honestly， again， with all these kind of things that I've been talked about here。

😊，They're always fucking cute。 They're always fucking awesome， if。

They're coming from the right fucking mindset。 They should always come from the mindset of like。

 look， baby。 look what we did。 It's so cool。 just wanted to share that with you。

 That's a good mindset to come from。 The bad mindset to do these kind of romantic gestures is like baby。

 I love you so much。 in the right one for me。 You know， I miss you so much。

 So I was spending all night crying and jerk off making this video。 please here it is。 I love you。

 know， that's fucking ideal， mindset to come from。 Okay。

 so now we know what kind of women to ideal get in a relationship long this relationship with what to do to keep her attracted。

 how to use social media， what to do when text game。

 how to set expectations and also what to do when you meet her， ceter。

 how to create these like little instant jokes to keep her hook keep her interested what to do when she's not interested tu a a lot of fucking things。

 And there's just one more thing。 I want to add here。 And I mentioned it earlier a little bit。

 And that is the following。😊，Last but not least， not all long distance relationships are meant to last。

And often it's best for both of you to break up。Remember the chapter that you can consult now if you want nothing lasts forever。

 and it's totally cool。 So bottom line man。Be happy with every fucking moment you have with that girl that you' are in a long distance relationship with。

 Come from the right place。 do it for the right reasons。

 Do it the right fucking way and take all the lessons that come along with。

If it doesn't last forever， that's okay if it does。My sincere congratulations， Gigi。

