# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：2.如何获得高分：19.没有什么是永恒的

This might be a little tough， little bit tough on your， on your little reality。

 but nothing lasts forever。And it's the short video。

 And I felt the urge to mention it and then decided to just make a whole video about it because it's important。

 it's important concept。 Then the reason why I place it in the， you know。

 holding your girlfriend's overall chapter is because bearing this little piece of wisdom in mind。😊。

hellps you， you know being cool and not freaking out too much over perfection in your relationship。

 not freaking out too much when there are signs that it might not work out， et cea。

 and really to start off， I want you to look at this really interesting quote here。

It's a quote by Rick and Morty and it says， nobody exists in purpose， nobody belongs anywhere。

And everybody's going to die， come watch TV and I disagree with the TV part。

 I do strongly agree with the other part。That really is like that。

It's it's funny because when we have strong emotions towards a girl or any emotions for that matter。

 but it's particularly when they're very strong， those emotions will tell us that it needs to last forever right。

 It's like， oh it's so beautiful。 it needs to last forever。 And and you know。

 it's cool if you want that。 of course， you like it。 your emotions are with them right now。😊。

And it might even say that that that if it doesn't last forever。

 it's a sign that you're not man enough。 You know， that you can't even hold a fucking relationship and all that。

in know what， by the way， if it lasts forever， then dude， E， kudos to you。

 the more power to you and all that。 But most likely it won't。 It doesn't。 It doesn't last forever。

 And here's why， because it's natural。😡，From our genetic standpoint。

 we're not even meant to be in long lasting relationships。

 We're not meant to be in infinite relationships。 It's a psych of man。

 It's the mother bug and circle of life。And it's natural。 And it's totally cool。 Why is it natural。

 People change。 Things change， Ciumstance change。 We've talked about stories change， right。

 Our stories change。 And thus what we want of relationship changes。 Okay。

 plus there's different phases you're going through。😊，Okay， example of me， my girlfriend right now。

 I got together with her because I strongly strongly needed to relax。 I was fucked up from three。

 four years of touring the world of mayhem。Of being in a different place of casually fucking all these girls dude。

 You know how many times I quote unquote fell in love while on tour。

 I only hanging out with a girl for one fucking week。 It's crazy。 So I needed time to relax。

 And honestly， I need female energy。 The only female energy I had on tour was fucking some hope。

 But it's not the hanging out with female energy to take her by the hand。

 taking a walk kind of energy going hanging out at a date with her。

 I had so little dates when I was touring。 It was all just like date told fuck。 you know。

 this shit high quality problem。 But you had to j， So that was the phase that I was going through like。

 okay， I need to relax。 I need female energy。 I need to calm down and I need to find myself again。

 Okay， I'm doing all this。 on my path already。 But。

Because of that behavior of me finding myself again， because of that behavior of me relaxing。

I was in a stage where I would attract a girlfriend， not a ho of fuck， you understand don't。

Excuse me。 Don't see it as like。Oh， I need a girlfriend to relax now。 I need her to complete me。

 Remember that's bad。 That's not the right mindset to come from。

 But it's like because I'm in this phase， I'm attracting certain behavioral patterns in the girls。

 and I'm hanging out with。 Another example is my business partner。

 Kevin and his current and girlfriend as because he needed a lot of consistency。

 He was building a new business。 he was out there fucking hustling new business。

 new business work and they working there moving around。 I mean， again。

 I'm speaking for him now I'm not even sure that's what he felt。 But from an outside perspective。

 it looks like this that he wanted to have consistency， at least with a girl。

 So he fucked all these girls。 and he thought this one is actually amazing。

 he tested her being like the highqu alpha man that he is。

 He picked the best one for what he wants right now。 So again。

 going through different fucking phases。 And it's again。

You're going through phases where you want to have a girlfriend。

 you're ready to settle and chill and relax， you're going through phases where you want to go mayhem and fuck。

And you're going through phases where you want to calm girlfriend and you're going through phases where you want to have a swoooosh and hardcore girlfriend。

 right， It all depends。 We want different partners at different times of our lives and those partners。

 they always reflect where we are on our journey。Okay， for Kevin， his journey was hustling。

