# 22、麦克斯 《女朋友游戏》：5.高级女友游戏：1.如何与她分手（添加Wx：kc58567获取赠品）

And sorry， I'm not giving you the perfect way to break up with your girlfriend。

 You got to use your own fucking brain。 If you're mature enough to get a relationship with a girl。

 you mature enough to fucking and break up with her。

 I'm going to give you the three ways that is possible and the implications of that。

 And then you can pick the one that fits the best is most suitable for your very situation。

 So let's talk about the mature way。😡，K， that's probably what the mainstream narrative would feed you in the most。

 You know， it's probably ideally in person。 It， it says， hey， go talk to her in person。

 be 100% honest。 Tell her what's been going on。 You know。

 like kinda tell her that it's been your fault and that you can't live that way， et cetera。 So hey。

 it's my fault。 I can live this way on。 I more， like I'm doing this。

 I feel like it's going like this。 Herp you Dp。 It's my fault。

So I don't think it's a good idea for us to maintain the relationship， right。

 You basically take the blame。 You make it a you thing。

Not a her thing in order to save her from the pain of not feeling good enough， right， makes sense。

 Like， quite sounds very mature sure， very nice。 Now， the great advantage here， honestly。

Your conscience is clear。 You were honest。 while at the same time。

 you were very polite and you took well care for。 The great disadvantage， though。

 is that Maidstr never talks about。 Think about it。 You were nice， and it was very plausible for her。

 You probably gave a good reasons。 And she's like， I understands。 I understand that。 Okay。

 That's only it was very nice and respectful。 too I breaking up with me。 Guesss what。

 What does that leave her with。😊，It leaves her with no other emotion than pain。Because it's funny。

 It's really funny， but it's true because you're depriving her。

 even of the possibility to be angry at you。 She can't be angry at you。

 She'd like to be angry at you。 But it's can't， is she can't。

 because you've been nice and respectful。 And you gave her good reason。 So she's like， well。

 it doesn't make sense。 So what， what's left。She does have not。 What does she have now。Being alone。

 That's it。 Well， he was actually， you know， she's like， oh。

 John broke up with me and all her friends like， oh， wow d， what an asshole。

 Let's go on an evening late this evening and you're like。just kind of made sense。

 he was just kind of nice。Now she， all she'll feel is pain and self pny。Can't even be angry at you。

 So let's talk about the next way。 because if， if， if you have trouble understanding the dynamics。

 the next way is the di way。You basically tell her that she sucks that you deserve better。

 which can probably， which is probably true。 if you want to break up with you。' like， yo。

 I think you're suck。 you haven't been a girl girlfriend and I'm gonna break up with you。

 hurt the dirt fuck you， you know， So at least you're kind of honest here。 Well。

 the first option might also be honest， but you're just leaving out the honest polite。

 the politeness of it， right， You're just full on。 So your fault fuck you， your business shit。

 I don't want to be together with you anymore。 you open。

 you can even like patch it up even more by saying like， you know， look， oh， I'm changing on you。

 but you can actually cheat on her。 Whatever dick move It is that you want to do。

 I don't want to give you more ideas here。 but you can go full on dick mode and。Just heard her。

 the great disadvantage here。 It's， it's not really polite， you know， nor is it really mature either。

The great advantage however， if you really look at it。 What's she gonna do now。

 She will get angry at you。 Okay， and that anger feeling is a lot easier to cope with than the feeling of。

 I'm alone and unworthy of love。 You know she can burn all the photos now。

 She can tell all her friends。 She can， they can all be enraged together。 You know。

 she they will all go out now and just have a least。 evening。 you don't need that guy anyway。

 You're so much better than that。 Lisa， you're so much better。 Here's the guy。

 And here's the other guy。 And they just throw dick at her。 And she's like， yeah。😊。

If you really think about it，She kind of feels better now。 like all the gesticers I'm making here。

 Like she'll， she'll be， she'll probably very， very quickly find some rebound fuck， you know。

 just to pay you back， not these fucking things。 So ask yourself if you're like。

What did her more of a favor。Are you really carrying the pain for her in the mature way Are are you actually inflicting more pain。

 Isn't it actually morequote， honorable to take all the blame so she can at least be angry and have all her friends support her。

Again， I'm asking you， this is not a metaphorical question。

 This's an actual question that I want you to ask yourself。Now let's talk about the third way。

 which is something that I and termed the unconventional way。

 I've never consciously thought about that way。 until I heard it from my friend Paul。

 he was talking about it。 And he's at the following。 He's like okay。

 what you do is the basically the falling。 You basically just spend less and less time and effort on her until she sees what's going on。

 then she'll break up with you because you don't care enough about her anymore。

 She'll maintain her value。 and her ego is still intact because she's the one who broke up with you。

 And at first， I'm like this is ridiculous。 Like what the fuck。 I mean， this。 she is kind of August。

' it's totally the easy way out for you。 You don't fuck in you don't， you know。

 you basically running away from the conflict。 It doesn't really help you cope you know。

 doesn't really help you cope with the uncomfortable situation。

 doesn't really teach you to seek the conflict。 It kind of defies the for becomings， you know。

 that we're like， okay， you know， we shouldn't be afraid of the conflict。

 We should talk about something etc cea， etc ce。 And also。

Some girls will never ever go that far to break up with you， they'd rather suffer in silence。

 you know， let alone the weeks and months she's kind of left wondering what the fuck is going on So all these things。

 but also you have a gigantic advantage because，She does maintain her value。

In front of all her friends， they' got to be like， what happened to you and Johnny。 Well。

 I broke up with him。It's kind of， you know， like she maintains her value and her honor。

 She's not unworthy of love because she broke up with a guy。 So her ego is completely intact。

 And how much worth is that。So again， like all these like。

 which is just like a meanme compilation of all the movements that I've been doing in this video。

 Again， really think about it。 None of these is better than the other。 And I again。

 strongly advise you to use every single one of them with caution and responsibility。😊。

Think about these options and pick whichever fits you the best。 And if you pick it。

 also get in that learning experience， understand， why am I picking this。

 And If I'm choosing the unconventional way， why am I picking this。😡。

Because I'm afraid of the conflict， or I could do the conflict。

 but I still think it's a good idea for her to break up with me， whatever it is。

It's got to be okay with your morals。 and it's got to be okay with。The way you've been living。

And it's got to be the right。 It's got to come from the right way from the right point for you。

 Not because you want to do the easy way out。 Not because you want to be a di。

 You want to be cheating her。 not because you want to be honest， Like whatever the fuck it is， right。

 You got to understand where's it coming from and should come from the right point。 Now。

 one more word， though， And this is really interesting。 do not underestimate women。😡。

What I mean by that is the following。 Number one， crying。 They cry a lot easier。

 cryingrying will be there when you break out with their girlfriend， and it will hurt you as well。

 And probably you might even freak you out a little bit。 But for girls。

 the threshold of crying is a lot lower than for us， man。

 Ive talked about this in the previous chapters already。When a man cries， shit is fucked。

 Like when you seriously are in so much pain that you cry， you're in a lot of pain。

 But girls cry a lot for them。 It's not as bad。😡，So when we see a girl crying like， oh my God。

 she's in so much pain， it must be horrible， but for her。

 it's still not as much pain as if a guy would cry。 Okay， And also。

 she will pick herself up way faster than you'd think。

 women are biologically programmed to get over it faster than us man。

 since their survival is more dependent on it。 You understand like if a woman has no man， you know。

 she has no protection。 She has no resources， et cetera。 She's there with the offspring。

 So she's programmed naturally to get extremely fast to get over it just extremely fucking fast than a fucking guy。

 You have to understand that。She probably get over it faster than you。

 even if you're the guy who was breaking up with her。 Now。

 let me talk about something that plays into that。 And that's what I call the validation discrepancy。

 Look at it。In a relationship。For girls， the validation is one， right， Let's。

 let's give it the value1。 She'll get the validation most likely from one guy， right。

 because you're her boyfriend。 She's gonna get the validation from you， right， Now。

 if you break up with her。Okay， it will go down to 0 for like half a day。

Then word spreads that she's single。 And now validation goes from one to。Basically infinite。

 All the friends own fs are gonna come at her now。 Validation， Valid， validation。

 like tick in your mouth， thick in your mouth， thick in your mouth。 Like， like even if she's like。

 I don't want to have sex。 like she has the potential to fuck any guy now。 again。

 like knowing that is making a cope a lot easier。 She will go out to a fucking nightclub。

 She can be broken inside。 No fucking guy gives a shit。

 She wears the fucking high heelss and the dress。 she snoop， put her there。

 and validation is gonna be fucking thrown at her。 She puts like one fucking selfie of her with like good lighting。

 Instagram will blow up。 Val validation validation validation validation。 Now。

 here's the crazy thing。 When you're a guy in relationship。

 you have one validation to right from the girlfriend。 Now， guess what？ It's over。

 doesn't even matter if you break up with her。 she breaks up with you。😡。

Where's the fucking validation now， brother。You can post a fucking South on Instagram。

 Nobody will give a fuck。😡，You could go out。 You can kind of be bummed out that you don't have a girlfriend anymore。

 It was a hard decision for you。You're gonna to get validation。 You。

 you gonna dance a little bit on your dance floor， you know， shake your ass a little bit。

 and you see how many girls will fucking approach you。😡，The only way you're gonna get validation。

 is if you have fucking game。 If you have game， you're cool。 Yeah。

 then you get gonna get more validation。 It's， it's true。 definitelyite。

 And you're probably gonna be at this level if you watch this program。 However。

 the point being here is that you don't need to worry too much about the girl。 No matter what it is。

 She's gonna cry。 It's gonna be difficult。 the end of the day， she'll pick herself up。

 a lightning fucking fast。 and she'll have validation thrown at her after 12 hours maximum。

 so she'll be fine。 Okay， she'll be fine。Which brings me to another point here。The regret。

 And I'm talking about your regret。 you regret that you're breaking up with her。 It's very， very。

 very， very common that you end up regretting that you broke up with her because of the lack of validation for you。

 You know， all of a sudden， remember， you go from 0 from1 to 0。 And， you know， now it's your fault。

 It's your responsibility。 Now， you broke up。 So now you're the cause of one validation to0 validation。

 right， So yeah， you're like， well， what if I done to myself。 Wheres the validation。 all of a sudden。

 like there's lack of validation feels very， very fucking real。 So it's very common for us。

 man to feel regret after we break up with the growth。 And it's interesting， too。

 because it's exactly， it's exactly the same as you talked about earlier。

 you're left with no anger about her， You know， you broke up with her。

 You can't be angry to about her。 Like she broke up with me。 What a bit。 hurt to her。 No。

 well I broke up。 So kind of dirt。 It's my fault， You know， and。Yeah， it's fucked up。

 And on top of that， you'll always wonder if it was the right decision。 You know。

 and you don't have a lot of experience with it with breaking up with girls， Probably。

 So you kind of in your head about it。 What am I gonna do now， Was it the right decision， Hertierp。

 I'm not sure what if I done yada， yada， which is why is really， really important。

 You must go out now， you must go out， I know it's kind of difficult that， you know。You know。

 it's kind of difficult to go out now and put myself out there。

 But you gotta fucking go out And So really to， to summarize the point of。

 of what to do when you're regretting it。 actually， I would say， instead of of going out right away。

 do the first thing， make sure that it's the right decision。 Can。

 make sure from the right fucking ge go that you think about this a lot。

 Do I really want to break up with her。 What's the reason。 Yes， I'm aware it's gonna be difficult。

 I'm cool with that。 yada， yada， yada。 You must be aware。😡，That it's gonna be the right decision。

 And then go the fuck out。 Go out and don't listen to your own regrets。

 The regrets are because the validation is gone。 and it you feel like it's your responsibility。

 Go the fuck out， Get back in abundance mode。 Okay， go the fuck out。

 Get back the fucking abundance mode。 Go after breaking up after going out after breaking up is tough。

 I understand。 But you gotta do it。 What's the alternative。 What's the alternative。

 going back to the girl。😡，How， how is that going to look like。Your boyfriend and girlfriend。

 you break up with her because of X y Z reason。 And then you come crawling back。 It's not an option。

 man It doesn't work because now you've broken trust， right， You've broken her fucking trust。 plus。

 you extremely beta now because you keep crawling back to her again。

 which basically shows you don't know your life。 You don't know about yourself。

 You can't make fucking decisions。 You crawling back to her and all this shit。

 So it's not even gonna work out anyway。 Like even if she put a code takes you back。

 where is the power。 then she is is all the power。 And then you can't get back into attraction。

 it's overdo it。 once you broken up， it's fucking over。 You got to live with that。

 understand that you got to make sure the situation is is appropriate and that you did the right decision and then go the fuck out and not listen to your regrets because your regrets are simply because the lack of the fucking validation。

 So better make sure it's the right decision from don't get go。 Pick the three options。

 Which one is the best。 and then go fucking follow up with it。😡。

That's how I break up with your girlfriend。