# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：4、性吸引的四个核心要点_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

We could all go up to a girl， like。Those two over there。 We go one by one。 Okay like all of us。

 just like， say hello， they're gonna feel different emotions depending on who says it because of that vibe that you put off。

 Okay， so to kind of break down this mythical concept。

 I broke it down into what I call the four pillars of sexworthiness so let's break these down And this here will give you a nice understanding of what it actually means。

 it also help you monitor the way you're coming off。 because sometimes if it's not working。

 it's not what you say or what you're doing， it's the vibe， and you're like， is off with my vibe。

 So these four pillars will help you kind like monitor。 Okay so ultimately。

 the four pillars are purposeful， controlled， flowing self-ammused。

 This here is what it means to be fucking sexworth。

 If something is off in your game and the way that you approach women。

 It's usually because you're either too much of one or not enough of one。

 You might be a little too purposeful， not selfammused。

 You might not be controlled and not enough purpose。 Okay。

 it's like you can kind of monitor where you're at。 So let's break them down。 The first one。

 as I mentioned， is purposeful。Okay， now， what does that mean， Ultimately， when guys go up to girls。

 it's very common that they half assets。 And you might have heard like the whole purposeless hand of doom where say they want to hug a girl。

 They're gonna to be like。It's like this little cr。 Like， do you like that。 Do you like the cr。

 Like that's kind of the way they're going to hug a girl。 It's like， there is no。Hph behind it。 Okay。

 there's no fucking purpose。 Their thoughts， words and actions are not fucking aligned。 Okay。

 when you approach a girl， when you're going say hi to a girl， you can't be like。😡，Hey， like that。

 Okay， it has to be moving in like one direction。 It's like， hey， that's all I'm thinking。 like。

 boom， I'm saying fucking hi to you。 If I'm hugging a girl， I'm not like， I'm somewhat hugging。

 I'm like， I'm hugging her。 That's all I'm thinking。😡，Okay， everything moves in one direction。

 There's fucking humph behind it。 You can usually sense how good someone is at picking up girls or gaming just by how alive they look。

Okay， if you guys come up and say hi to me， you're like， hey， like that。

 or like most guys when they approach women like， hey， like that， there's no potency behind it。Okay。

 I know what a guy's good when he's like， hey， it's like， boom。 Okay， he's alive。 He's fucking awake。

 You can sense how solid someone is。 Okay， Most of the time if you look in the street。

 what do people look like， Just like， man You fucking coffee。 It coffee。 Yeah like that。

 That's what you fucking see。 Okay， you see people sad， You see people worn down。

 Look on the fucking tube。 What's the expression you see around you。 You's like。

Usually like the cell phones。Milting， there's not。Hph， okay， and trust me。

 girls on a subconscious level are looking for that potency。 It's like。

 is this guy's fucking cu going to be active or is it going be like that。Okay。

That's what she wants to see。Now， in order to do this， in order to have that massive。Poency。

 we'll just call it that。 You have to be congruent。 Okay， there's no way of faking this。 Okay。

 if you're like naturally like， oh， I'm kind of low energy。

 Oh I kind of feel like shit today and you walk up to a girl you're like， okay， pots。

 It's just not gonna fucking work to really have the true genuine humph。 That's to be congruent。

 and that's when basically your internal feeling of identity and external ways of acting or in alignment。

 Okay that's what really makes it possible。 that makes it you're able to make it happen。

 And ultimately you call this being fucking real。 Okay that means in your intentions。

 what you see is what you get when you go up to a girl， you're not trying to be a little friend。

 you'll see this guys go up。 And they're just so afraid of putting their personality on the line。

 So afraid of even letting the girl know that they like them that they're like， oh， I need。

I need some indirect opener。 I need a way to say hi to her to court her or she doesn't know that I want to fuck。

 You， I'm gonna go and be like， oh， you like Barbie's。 My sister likes Barbies。

 I know it sounds dirty。 But I like Barbie's as well， Do you like to shop。

 I can be great advice and Sha。 Do you need trouble you need to help with your work for school。

 I can help。 I can do whatever you want。 I can be a little fgged orbiter for you。

 I will buy you everything you need。 And while I'm helping you with your little homework。

 I'll just be sitting there and you'll be like， is this right， and you'll be like， yeah。

 that's right。 And in the meantime while you're writing， I'll just be looking at your fine body。

 I'll be like someday。 and the guys are just so fucking afraid。 that's why they kind out fast。

 They're like， if I go up and I'm like， hey， the girl's gonna know that I want to fuck。

 I'm gonna be mans woman。 Okay and usually what are you conditioned to do。

 it's like if you put yourself out there if you let the girl know， especially when you're a kid。

 what happens， people make fun of you。 like this guy likes a girl。 loser。That social conditioning。

Okay like as a child， you're probably only going to admit that you like a girl。

 if you know for fucking sure that she likes you back。 Okay。

 you probably even tell your friends you like a girl unless you know for fucking sure that she likes you back。

 or unless it's like the hottest girl there and everyone else is a crush on her。 So oh。

 then it's fine to admit that you like her。 But you're never gonna say it otherwise。

 And even nowadays， you're still probably a little bit of shame going up to girls， It's like。

 oh I can't I'm gonna say hi at first， I'm gonna talk。 And once I know that she's gonna like me back。

 then I'm gonna be man to woman。 and it's like no， you got to be fucking man to woman from the very start。

 and usually the way that that will kind of seem in an interaction is you have laser eye contact。

 you're not like， like flinching you can tell everything by the fucking eyes。

 if we all went up to say hi to those girls instead of like hey like that。

 all I would is like focus on the eyes。 I'd be like， hey， that's it just in the fucking eyes。

 She can sense like， oh， this is a guy who would fuck me。😡，Okay， another guy would be like。

Like he would not fuck me eyes in the way you talk。 Okay， there's trying for rapport。

 neutral rapport and breaking rapport。 What's trying for rapport。 when your voice goes up at the end。

 It's like， hey， oh， you like homework。 I like homework， too。 Oh， you're from London。 oh my God。

 I love London。 really， that's trying for rapport。 That's how most guys act。

 It's not even their real self。 Like they'll take on this little voice when they talk to women。

 Okay then there's neutral rapport， which is kind of like the bland laws。 they just like， oh， hey。

 how is it going， Okay， just like very flat， very boring。

 And then there's breaking rapport where your voice goes down at the end。

 Okay kind of like the way I'm talking to you guys right now。

 the way that you would naturally talk to your friends。

 Okay you're not gonna come up to me or say your close friend and be like， hey man。

You're not going to do that You' be like，y， man， as it go， Okay， talking normal。 you go up to a girl。

 It's like， hey， masculine， fucking energy。 okay， And then the third one is just being physical。

 Okay， when you're just very clear when there's a hotg girl， why wouldn't you not touch her。😡，Okay。

 it's like， let her know what is up。 Okay， and sure。

 you'll be able to sense this ultimately in the general vibe。 Okay， this whole， like direct。

 indirect。No that oh， I need the indirect。 Opener is bullshit。

 There is no direct or indirect in terms of what you say。 Okay， it's in the vibe behind it。

 For example， if I give you guys the opener like， oh， where's the Starbucks。

Go and say that to a girl。 Is that direct or indirect？Indirect， fuck no， O。

 it can be very direct as well。 If I go up to a girl and I'm not clear， I'm not purpose。 I'm like。

 oh， where's where's the Starbucks。😡，That's very indirect。 But if I go up and say， oh， hey。

 what's up。Where's the Starbucks？Now it's fucking direct。

You can talk about anything like the superficial level is just bullshit。

 Women are looking at the sub communicationics。 I can go up and talk about。

There a glass of fucking water and make it very direct。 I'm like， so do you like drinking water？Yeah。

Would you like so much about this liquid？The way it's just like。It's soiy。 Like， honestly， like。

 there's just something about it。 It's like it seems a little thick。 You know。

 if you put it in front of the light， it's a little white as well。😊，こ。Do you like this？

Do you like this？Okay。可以。得如得言毕。The point being， it's like， it doesn't matter what you say。 Okay。

 if you're a sexworth， naturally attractive guy， you could be talking about the most boring。

 bullshit things in the world。 The girl is going to sense in that deeper layer。 Okay。

 that you're purposeful that you're a guy who would fuck her。 Okay The way you should view it， too。

 because sometimes you'll feel like， oh man， she's gonna hate it。

 realize that when you're fucking her， she knows you like her。 The sooner she knows the better。

 And in terms of value。 Okay， what you have to realize is that most people。

 when they go talk to women， they're very fake。 Okay， Most people in society。😡。

A ultimately very fake as well。 Okay， I call this the millionaire in a club analogy。 Okay。

 so basically， when girls go out， they're pretty much like a millionaire surrounded by peasants。

And every little peasant is going up to that millionaire and ultimately trying to be nice。

 maybe trying to be mean， but they want a little bit of that money。it's like I'm gonna to be nice。

 So you know what I can get， I can get a good reaction。 I can get her to like me。

 Like that's the money。 It's the validation。 Oh， I'm gonna go up。 And you I read online。

 you can say something a little bit provocative。 And I'm gonna say that to get her to like me and they can just sense fake It's like no matter what the person is saying。

 there's that little need。 It's like a very leachching type of vibe。

 There is no fucking realness behind and ultimately in society as well。

 Everyone's always trying to fucking。's like people please's like everyone fucking please。

' go to the hotel here。' like like hello the person at the reception。 like。

 oh the room is down there。 You could just see it in his mind like these fucking little trying to pick up women。

 fuck thank you very much。's like， oh thank you。 good luck down there。

p thank you fuck this Most people is well。 if you go to my favorite example It like a family reunion。

 you go there，You know， past the holiday season， What are most people like， like know。

 distant relatives。 They're all like， oh， hey， it's so nice to see you。 And you're like。

 it's nice to see you too。 And you put on this little fake front。 That's like the holidays。

 no one's really real。 Okay， I saw my grandparents here or fucking Christmas。 I'm like， oh hey。

 it's very nice Like， oh， how's your job doing little guy， I'm like， oh amazing。 you know， amazing。

 I'm not gonna be like， oh yeah。 So fuck this bitch。😊，Just did smell it。 Like。

 I'm not gonna be like that。 It's like I mean， to some degree。

 you're gonna put on a front to be polite。 You're not gonna be like an asshole like that。

 But that example there it's like you can sense like the conversations are so superficial， So fake。

 No one wants to talk about deep topics。 If there's like issues with some of the family members like they're not gonna bring it up。

 It's like let's keep it lighthearted。 Let's keep it chill。 Let's please everyone。

 do not talk about politics。 do not talk about religion。 keep it very chill， very， very chill。

 that's why personally even in game。 I love hitting on those taboo subjects because it kind of provokes the reaction。

 that everyone's always fucking fake。 know it's like little people pleasers so what you have to realize is first of all。

 by being real。 just go up youre like this is what it is what you see is what you fucking get。

 I'm not putting on a little front。 I don't even like want you know calculate the way I come off to get something from you。

 It's like this isn take it or fucking， leave it， you immediately have value。

 when you walk up to the girl。 you're like that other millionaire It' like oh shit like this guy。

Has actually like not playing a little role。 He's actually real。

 and she can relax and have that genuine conversation。

 Like it pierces through all the fucking bullshits。 so do that。 And ultimately。

 you just want to take on the identity of like， you know what， I'm a guy。 I have good intentions。

 and I like sex。 stop feeding into the socially conditioned belief that liking sex is bad。 Okay。

 you want to be like， know what， I'm a fucking guy。Fal like sex， that's not normal。O， now。

 that doesn't mean become like some sex addict。 like like always talking about sex。

 all they potentially could。But you want to start assuming that and realize that if you assume it and you're very clear in it。

Girls will go along with it。Okay， so that comes down to two things。 Ultimately。

 as human beings are always paying off the environment for people who are certain。 Okay。

 and the person who the most certain， we're going to kind of follow along with that， you know。

 beliefie or whatever he's saying or his vibe。 Okay。

 So if you walk up to a girl and this is why purposeful is very。

 you know important when you're talking to women。 if I go up， I'm like， hey， I'm Julian。

 And I'm kind of like half asking it。 And there's not that certainty。 Or I'm like， oh， hey。

 I'm a God， and I have good intention。 So I like sex。The girl is not going to fucking like it。

 But if I'm very certain， she'll go along with it。 Okay， if you don't believe in yourself。

 why would the girl believe in you。😡，Really think of it if you're half asking it。 you're like。

 I'm afraid of being a little bit imp polite， I want to be nice。

 if you're half asking it why she fucking listen to you， even if you're a nice guy。

 she has no reason to acknowledge you。 It's the same as me walking up on stage here。

 And what if I was like， okay， guys。So。I think women like， like it if your purple isful。 yeah。

 purposeful。 write that down， purposeful women love it you're yeah， purposeful yeah。Pful， purposeful。

 even if what I'm saying is correct， it reminds to be like。You wouldn't even listen to it。

 You wouldn't even give it a fucking chance。It's the same with fucking women。 Okay。

 If you go up and you're like， it's me， they're not going to give you a fucking chance，😡。

And ultimately， you can get away with anything just by being purposeful， too。 Okay。

 if it's like a bouncer if they walk up to you in a club and they're like， excuse me， Sir。

 show me your I D。 You're just very fucking purposeful。 You're gonna comply。 Okay。

 You can try this out with women Even tonight。 Walk up to a girl。 It just be very。

You're like like that， you're like， ay， ID， please。Like that。

 Even if it's in the middle of the dance floor。 And she's already in， she'll most likely comply。 Now。

 sometimes she might say something like， but I'm in the dance floor。 And all you have to say is， no。

 no no， and just mumble the words brought to our attention。 I don't know。

 It's been brought to our attention。 I D now， I D brought I D like that。 Are you I D。

 like they'll just do it。 If you're certain people will go along with it。 So if you're like。

 you know what， I'm a guy of good intentions。 I like sex， boom， this is what's up。 Okay。

 first of all， the realness has value。's like， oh my God， he's not hiding it。

 He's not pretending to be gay。 He's not a people， please you realize its that not everybody likes him and he doesn't like everybody。

 Okay， realize also it's not natural or normal to please everyone。 It's impossible。

 you can go up to 1000 girls。 this is my favorite example and say that you like the color blue。

 And that's you。 You personally love the color blue。

 you have good intentions are all 1000 of those girls going to like the color blue。😊，No。

 are you gonna please 0 girls。 No。 I' gonna be like fuck this piece of shit like in the colored blue。

 fuck they're gonna hate you。 It's impossible to please everyone。 Okay。

 so just control your own actions。 the reactions。 You know you have good intentions。

 You know you like sex You is very clear in it， you assume that that has value to the girl。

 first of all， it's like it sets the frame it's man to woman， You're not a little orbiter。 boom。

 the sooner she knows you man to woman， the better。 you also stand out from the little bullshit。

 You stand out from the little peasants trying to get money from her。

 And if you're clear and certain she'll go along with a certainty and girls don't care who you are or what you're into。

 they just want to know that you're real。 Okay， if you like sex， trust me， it's not that bad。

 it's not that bad。 I have a friend of mine in Las Vegas。 All he likes are girls of big fucking tis。

 fakeake tis。 big fucking fake tis。😡，And yes， shit loads of female friends。 Now。

 you would assume women would fucking hate that They're like， oh， fuck that guy。

 superficial piece of shit， like in fake tis， but no， what do all the women say， oh， that's just him。

😡，That's what he's into。 That's fine。 That's just him。 And they love him。

 And he's very clear he loves only big， fake， fucking tis。Okay， if you're very clear and like。

 you know what， I like sex。 Yes， I'm fucking hitting on you as long as you're like。😡，Man to woman。

 The girl will be O with it。 What girls hate is if you have facet。 Okay， if you're like， oh， hey。

 I'm， I'm a friend。 actually， have you seen one of these like that。 If you're like both。

 you're fucked， okay， it's like the whole nudist Buddhist。 if you guys ever heard that。 It's like。

 ultimately， you can be a nudist， you can be a Buddhist， but you can't be both。Both it's too much。

 If you're a newdist and Budist，'s like， oh it's like you can't comprehend that。

 But if you're just one or the other， it's， oh， it's good。 It's just good， It's fine。 Okay。

 It's either you like sex， you're manlewo or you don't like sex and youre friends are friends。

It's either you're going to get the girl or not， but you can't be both stop trying to pretend it's like pick one and start just assuming it。

 be unapologetic。It's like you being mean to the girl， like I'm walking up。And I'm meant to women。

 I'm letting her know that I'm hittinging on her。 That's not being mean。 Ultimately。

 what is being mean。Half asking it and putting on a front， going up and pretending to be a friend。

That's being mean。 People always prefer if you're just fully fucking real。 Okay。

 and you can even tell this to girls。 Sometimes if you go say a little over the line。 like， oh。

 that joke was inappropriate。 You're like， oh， listen， I know you of course show some empathy。

 Like I know is inappropriate a little too far out there。 But I'm sorry。 I didn't mean to offend you。

 But I you know I'd usually rather say whatever's on my mind than have to like hold back and monitor what I say。

 I just like being real。 and you'll see them be like， I really respect that。 you're like， yes。

 so what least start assuming it when you go up， none of this apologetic shit， don't have acid。

 Don't be like， oh， this is so bad， don't feel guilty。 Okay。

 realize that girls want to meet a sexworthy guy。 And what you're doing is you're basically creating that opportunity for them。

 sometimes approach anxiety。 Like going up to a girl isn't so much that you're afraid of getting rejected is that you don't want to be inol。

For example， if two girls are talking， and I'm like， go in there， interrupt them and say hi。

 be man woman， and let her know that you're offering the D。😡，Okay， now， to do that。

 you' gonna be like， okay， I could， but they seem like they're having a very serious conversation。

 I don't want to interrupt that conversation。 Okay you might be thinking that。

 And it might seem like a little impolite。 but ultimately， it's like， no， Okay， view it like this。

 imagine you and your friends。We're having a very serious conversation。 Okay。

 we've been talking about fucking coffee places here in fucking Starbucks。

 You're talking about business about life， about the future。 It's super intense， super in depth。

 And say， you're dream girl。 a perfect 10。 walks up。 And she's like， oh， part， pardon me， Chaps。

 I know it's a very serious conversation。 But I wanted to say hello。 My name is Janine。

And I am offering the P。Okay， now， what are you saying， Are you gonna be like， fuck this who。

 interrupt our damn fucking You fucking are you gonna do that。 No， you're gonna be very happy。

 You' be like， oh， thanks， thanks for creating this opportunity for me to meet my dream girl。

 I wouldn't have seen you otherwise because I'm in this very serious conversation， but thank you。😡。

Okay， thank you。 On top of that， you're real。 You're just very clear you don't want anything。

 There's not that little fake front。Awesome， that's what she's thinking， too。 Okay。

 if you're sexworth， because women are looking at the sub communicationmunations sets the behavioral cues。

 A K being purposeful can just be very， like congruent。😊，You become a1t。

 and what you're doing is you're creating that opportunity for her to notice you。

 to see that you're fucking cool。😡，So it's really purposeful is the first pillar。

 This is in everything that you do and what you say in your intentions in your vibe and the way that you walk up to her。

 It's like， don't fucking hide it。's like this is what's up。 assume it， okay， of course。

 make it relatable as well。 Okay don't be like， I want to fuck you。

 And goes's like what fuck you're like I'm purposeful。 it's， no。

 she has to be able to comprehend what you're saying。 show some empathy as well。 But don't hide it。

 don't have acid， don't be half a gangster。 Okay so if you're taking in that hugging analogy。

 it's like purpose， not halfass little floppy limb hand。😡，Okay， now the reason。

People have trouble with this。Are two things。 Okay， the first one we just covered。

 It's like they're afraid of putting their personality on the line。

 They're afraid that if they do that and they are real。 they won't be accepted。

 people will hate that。 It's like you have to please everyone。 And on top of that。

 if they get rejected for being real， they take it a lot more personally than if they tried to pretend to be a friend。

 But the other reason is that when people usually go up to women， their thoughts are scrambled。

 you might have already heard of this being promotion oriented instead of being prevention oriented。

Ultimately， when I go up to a girl and'm saying hi to a girl， I'm like。

 all I'm thinking is I'm saying hi to this girl。That's the only thing in my mind。

 And if there's any other thoughts， I'm thinking of all the cool things that could happen。 Its like。

 I could be fucking this girl。 I could be doing this to this girl。 like all the positive。

 my thoughts are this very simple aligned straightforward， I'm saying hi。

 Now it happens that there is promotion oriented。 What is prevention oriented when you walk up to a girl。

 You're thinking， I'm saying hi to this girl， but you're also thinking of all the things that could go wrong and how you could prevent them from going wrong。

 So you have all these different intentions in your mind。's like， oh my God。

 I'm saying hi to the girl， I also want to approval， I hope she likes me。

 I hope she validates My selfimage。 I don't want to get rejected。 I don't want to lose my value。

 I don't want other guys to get mad at me。 I don't want to stand out。 Oh my God。

 I hope I'm saying the pickup line correctly。 am I being clear I be purposeful。 and guess what。

 how the fuck you just want to be like， hey， if all that shit is in your fucking mind。

It's impossible。 Your thoughts are scramble。 Girl over the fucking place。 Okay。

 your attention can't be spread。 Okay，Ultimately， you want to know who you are。 it's like， look。

 again， it's like assuming that good intentions。 I like sex type of identity。

 It's like this is who I am。 I value my opinion of myself over anyone else's opinion。

 This is what I represent to the girl。 the D。 And ultimately， you're not thinking of like again， oh。

 I'm stuck in my head。 You know， I want I want something from her。 You know。

 it's like it's that unclear on the lines type of way viewing things。 Okay So it's like no， overall。

 again， it's like just be potent， don't think everything could go wrong。 it。

 Who care if shit goes wrong。Ultimately you'll see me explain later， use it for self amusement。

 anything goes wrong is ultimately funny。 Like who cares about shit going wrong。

 It's like you did everything you could do in your control。 That's you should。 It's like I walk up。

I say hi， I'm fucking purposeful， I'm potent。Good enough， takes it or leaves it。 I know who I am。

 If she leaves， it doesn't change who I represent， okay。Now that there' is congruence。

One thing you oftentimes hear when you talk about congruence is what about fake until you make it？O。

 with thickets till you make it， always focus on incongruent， but lean a little bit over the edge。

 Okay， because sometimes like if you're like， oh， but。哎呀。

I just don't feel comfortable going up and being clear in my intentions。 So if I do that。

 I'm faking it。 So it's like always embrace it， but go up and lean a little bit over the edge。 Okay。

 ultimately with time， every approach by leaning over the fucking edge of what you feel comfortable doing。

 you'll expand your comfort zone。 if you just keep always being congruent。

 It's not going go anywhere。 Okay， so it's kind of like a mix of the two， not everything is black。

Whites。The next pillar。Is controlled。Okay， so to introduce this one。

 there's this old saying you've probably heard before in any social interaction。

 there's always one person reacting more to the other person than that person is reacting to them and ultimately the person who's reacting the least is the person of higher value。

ultimately the person of most value and environments。

Is the person who has the most people reacting to them and is reacting the least in return。

Simple is that。OkaySo what do I mean by reacting， And this is where the whole control comes into play。

 Usually if you're reacting， it's like， ask yourself when talking to a girl who is at the cause and who is at the effect。

ho is proactive， who is reactive， signs that you're reacting。

 it said ultimately if the person does something。They really affect how you feel to relying on their。

 you know， reactions。 like you go up to like， hey， she's like， hey， you're like。

You feel really fucking good if she's like。You're like， you feel really fucking bad。

 You have like that heightened emotional response to them。 If the girl brushes your shoulders。

 you almost come in your pants。 It's like heightened emotional response to whatever they fucking do you analyze the way you're taking up their space and time。

 It's like I'm talking to this girl It's like， how am I inconvenienccing her。

 Am I talking a little too close。 Am I a little too far。 Does she wanted to talk to someone else。

 Oh my God， am I taking up her space and time。 you're trying to think one step ahead。's like oh。

 she's talking about this， how can I follow up with something else， you know oh。

 she talks about cars。 Maybe I can link that with I saw the movie Ru recently。

 maybe I can talk about Ru。 But she like Ru because it's a man movie， but there's girls。

 there's a Oliv wild in the movie， might like live w， if she doesn't fuck fuck that theres reacting。

 if you're a little bit more ahead than the woman。If you change the way you're normally talking。

 try for a reportsonality。Like a little squeaky mouse okay， that there you're reacting。

 And ultimately， if you're just qualifying and trying to prove yourself that there are signs of you reacting to the girl。

 Okay， ultimately， if you go up to a girl， you're like， oh， I make a lot of money。

That there is fucking reacting。 you're like， oh， trying to like， I have a watch。 I have a Ferrari。

 Do do you like me。 Oh and you try to slip in these little cool things you did。 It's like， oh yeah。

 you know， like me and my mansion， know like no big deal， no big deal just start dropping in there。

 You know， mansion。 It's like that there is fucking reacting。

 And the way that usually looks like is that when you're not reacting You're that person of higher value。

 you're a lot more grounded and a lot more controlled。

 you'll usually notice like if a guy's good or not with women just by that。 guys who are reacting。

 who are not controlled and they go up to women， they're kind of like very light。

 like bouncing all over the place。 grow might say something yeah， really。

 like you could just sense if you walk up and you're like。The guy would just fly fuck off。 Okay。

 It's like a little kid like that。 Okay， And something might happen in the environment like a glass breaks。

 He's like， the glass grass like freaking out。 The guy who's unreactive is very grounded and controlled。

 He's more like， boom， there's like a nice center of gravity there。 Okay， now， of course。

 he can move around。 He doesn't be like， like that， can move around。 But instead of be like。

 it's like， awesome。 There's that depth。 And that's intensity to it。😊，He's like， boom。

 if you're hugging a girl， if you're reactive， you're like， okay， you might go a little too fast。

You're like， like that。 Okay， The guy who's grounded， he's very controlled。 a。

 kind of like slow motion。 Okay， now it's still purposeful。 It's not like。😊，it's strong。

 but it's not rushed。 It's like you move at your own pace。 Now。

 sometimes that can be fast if you choose to， but you're proactive about it。

 It's not like like in reaction。 Okay， so if I'm hugging girl like， ay， come here， Okay。

 some different ways of explaining this would be。The hot searing cold versus the raging brush fire。

You probably heard that in the blueprints。 It's like guys who are sexworth they're more like。

For instance like all over the place。 Okay， it's like you're the gorilla top of the fucking mountain。

 you're not the little barking wolf like that running up to girls。You're the oak tree。

 not the squirrel。Love that one。 It's like， you're going up boom oak tree and the girl's the little。

 the girl's the one reacting。 She's little squirrel running off。 She's like， oh my God。

 like laughing at what you say。 That's what an interaction should fucking look like。

 So you got up' like， hey， she's like， hey。😊，What's your name。She's the one fucking bouncing around。

Okay， other ones would be being the boss， being the CEO， not the employee。

 When you look up to a girl， you're very controlled like a， come here， come here， little little girl。

 come here employee on your knees。 What that promotion on your knees， okay。

 and my favorite one would be father， daughter。不要上。Okay。

That's what used to view it's like if you're hugging the girl， it's like。

 imagine you're the fucking dad if you're daughter， you're like，Com here a little girl。😡。

 it's good to your own。 you'll make daddy proud， make daddy proud， make daddy proud。

But really think of it that way， it's like usually girls will be okay with you hugging them。

But they're just afraid because oftentimes guys move way too fast。 like that。 And the girls's like。

 what's happening and freaks the fuck out？The environment as well。

 guys around you will sometimes freak out if you hug their girl just because you go too fast。Okay。

 you got to be slow motion。 You assume it's going to work。 And again， it's like boss。

 father daughter。 Okay， father daughter， secret is that fucking Sands。 actually。

 I said this to a client of mine on boot camp。 What's mind， father daughter。

 And he thought it was some line。 He's like， father daughter。 And the goes like， what fuck。

It's a frame， it's not a fucking line。Okay。The best example is being the buyer， not the seller。 Okay。

 if you're the buyer， you're controlled， if you're the seller。

 you're kind going up trying to sell yourself， trying to prove yourself trying to qualify yourself。

 Okay， it's a little too rushed。 you want to be bse。 It's like， hey，'s it's not a big deal。

 That's who should do。 You know what， I'm the guy who already has the 10 fucking bitches。

 When I go up to this girl， It's not like it's the end of the world。 It's not like， oh my God。

 I have to succeed I picking her up because if I don't fucking London explode bad joke here。

 bad joke。It's like， that's what's gonna fucking happen。 If I got up this girl。 And if fucking fails。

 it's gonna to ruin who I am。 This is the first time I ever talk to a girl。

 This is my only chance of sex。 holy shit。 If you're thinking that， guess what。

 you're gonna fucking be react in a shit。 You want to be like， oh， it's not a big deal。

 Nothing's a big deal。 As a guy， Nothing is a big deal。 That communicates shit loads more value。

 For example， Sam's shooting a video bug。😡，And I'm talking， I'm like， oh， you know。

 you want to be controlled。 do and say some girl walks by。 And I just grab her make out with her。

 What would seem cooler。 Once I finished making out， that I'm like， I like this place anyway。

 as I was saying or just make out with her and just turn my head as if nothing fucking having like。

 So as I was saying， What would be fucking cooler。 The second one。 It's like， who gives a shit。

 It's not like， did you see that guys， a make out。 It's a big deal。 It's not a big deal。 It's like。

Fucking cars， make out， you fucking girl， of course。😡，Who cares， oh， I'm talking to girl？

Nothing is a fucking big deal。 That's a sign of being control。 It's like， it's all good。

 Everything is part of the plan。 That's a really good frame of mind to come from as well。

 When I'm talking to a girl， it's like， whatever happens， it's part of the fucking plan。

 even if it's not， it's like。😡，It's all good， for example。

 if you go up to a girl and say you're trying to stop a walking set， you're like， hey。

 what's up and you sense she's gonna to keep on walking instead of like trying to force her there you actually walk with her Now what most guys do when the happens。

 they're like oh shit I walk with her and they kind of feel like they failed when I do it and'm like oh。

 she didn't stop I walked I was always intending on walking with you that was part of the plan。

Everything is fucking part of the plan。 Nothing gets to you。 Okay， That's a guy who's scroed。

 a guy who to me a girl can rely on。 Okay，' like that's who you are。 a guy who a girl can rely on。

 She goes out。 there's chaos everywhere。 All the little peasants going up。

 All this fucking drama and shit happen you're just like， boom，y。😡，I'm the fucking anchor。Okay。Now。

 one little sign note with this as well is that it has to be genuine。 You can't try to be grounded。

 You can't try to be unreactive because even trying to be unreactive is what reactive。Okay。

 if you want a little exercise， you can try， go out， and we call it like the not trying exercise。

 just go out and try to be as like la as possible when you talk to a girl。

 Now that doesn't mean like don't talk to her at all， just go up like， hey。

 we just like try to not even like， he how's it going？That coolol， That's awesome。Yeah， really。

 and even that's like maybe I'm trying not to try notes。Who'm just fucking let go。

But still be purposeful， though behind it。So。Being the buyer not the seller。

You want to position yourself as a guy who's already chosen by every girl there。

 and you are the one choosing the girl that you like。Okay now when I say this。

There's always what if we're approaching？How can we be choosing if we're approaching。 First of all。

 what you're doing there is you're focusing on a macro level。

 like oh but it looks like we're approaching。 It's like no， focus on the micro level。

 You can be approaching the girls looking at the subcommunications that you provide。

 I can go to likey， what's up。 even if I and she'll sense I don't need her。 I'm not reactive。

 I'm the one who's like I'm choosing。 I'm like oh， I'm the buyer。 So it's like。

 ultimately you go in the best analogy I have for this is the best buy TV analogy where if you go buy a television。

's like you'll see maybe in the back of the store， say no one's there to help you。

 walk in an electronic store。 you see a fucking television you see all the televisions。

're like that one looks really nice。 It's like going into a venue。 you see a fucking girl。

 that girl looks pretty hot。 compared to that little over there。 this looks hot。

 The little shitty TV。 This looks really hot。 walk up。You're interested。

 First glance fucking interested。 The girl's hot。 You know， I wouldn't mind having this girl。

 but you're not sold yet。 You want to know the price。

 You want to know the details about this fucking television。

 You want to know all the characteristics。 You want to know how it compares to the others。

 You want to know how it compares to the other stores。 There's a lot more to it。

 That's how you should be with the girl。 It's like， you're not just sold just by the hot girl。

 There's a fucking shs a hot girls。 It's like that television there。 If something they're like。

 oh we're sorry， so we're out of stock。Are you sad no because you can get it anywhere else。

It's not a fucking big deal。 Also， if you don't get the television。

 it's not like you're going to die。 It's like I need this to survive。 If you don't get the girl。

 you're not going to fucking die。😡，Okay， hopefully and someone's like oh。Don't fucking to die。

 It's not that big of a deal。 That's how issue with women's like， you're walking up。

 You're interested。 You're clear。 you're like look， I mean God like sex。 but I'm not like。

 like I need you。 and I'm not like， oh， like just sold that first glance。 It's like， you know what。

 What's your name， Okay， And then she has the opportunity to win you're over。

 She's the one who starts selling herself。 She's the one who starts qualifying yourself。

 She's the one who starts trying a little more than you。 Okay， so take on that frame。

 And that comes down to two things。 One。Realizing your own value。It's， you know what。

 I am a fucking sexworth guy because sometimes。You know， it's easy to feel like a piece of shit。Okay。

Like oftentimes when guys go up， that's one of the reasons to actually indirect， is like， oh。

 I'm so pathetic， listen。I'm just here for two minutes because I'm such a piece of shit。

That I know I even smell like shit。 and I don't want to take up more of your time。

 So just know it's for two minutes。 You just have to endure me for two minutes。

 or hope you're okay with that。 Okay， and it's like， justify the shit that you are。

Don't fucking do that。 Okay， it's like， realize your own value。 It's like， first of all。

 Look and money are not a fucking excuse。 Okay， women are not looking at that superficial layer as much as you think they are。

 They're looking at these subcommunications。 Okay， the behavior behind it。 And ultimately。

 if you're a guy who's again， purposeful control， who's ultimately sexworth and ultimately。

 what is the most sexworth guy of them all， a guy who's working on himself He's on his path purpose in life working on veting himself as a person realize that you are at the fucking top。

😡，Okay， if it's not about looks or money， if it's not about like some little model looking guy who's like。

 nothing is controlled in his life， He's like， just the motto， if that's not fucking sex really。

 what is。Guys working on a person， guys， for example， at the seminar。Assuming you take action。

 you don't fucking stagnate。Realize your own value。 Okay。

 It's like if you're on your purpose and path， you're a fucking 10， assume it。

 if you walk up to a girl and you're just very strong like you know what， I'm a fucking 10。

 she will fall into that frame。 Okay， the stronger reality， fucking wins。

 You don't you have to back it up。 You're like， I'm a 10。😡，I'm a 10， like， oh I guess he's a 10。

 strong fucking reality。 Women will be whatever you want them to be。

 and you can also be in their eyes， whoever you fucking want to be。😡，start realizing that。

's like you have good intentions， you're going up。We're in the top one， fucking percent。

 and nothing is more attractive than a guy who has a certain drive in life and is working on himself as a person。

That's what girls are into。 Okay， people just hate stagnation。 They hate。

 people say in their little comfort zone。 They stay， They hate guys who just stay the same。

 They might be initially like， oh， this guy seems cool and they might even sleep with them。

 but they're not gonna stay with that person because it's fucking boring。 Okay。

 They want that guy who's potent。 They want a guy who's in his fucking prime。That's what they want。

 Okay， they don't want like the little model， rich， good looking guys like， hello， Yes。

 I'm an adsd director。 Yes， serious like that。 They don't want that shit。

 They wantt want the guys like。Alive in his prime is on top of his fucking shit。 He has， certainty。

 goes through life with fucking ease。 He knows where he's going。 He's like， hey。

 I'm saying hi to you。 I have good intentions。 I like fucking sex。 What's the big deal。

 This is what's up。 Do you want a guy who's potent。 Do you want a guy who's his fucking prime？

 Do you want a guy who's kids will be the fucking shits or do you want some little fucking adsd director model Faott。

😡，O， so realize your own fucking worth。 And secondly， stop placing women on a pedestal。 Okay。

 They're not what you think they are。 This little mental masturbation， like， you know what。

 Women run the world。 F no， O， They don't run the fucking world， ultimately。😡，Re。I'm sorry someday。

 someday， the hell。Now。Ultimately， with the pedestal， it's like step out of the mental masturb Again。

 Women are on this massive pedestal。 realize that， first of all， they're human。 Okay。

 They piss and shit just like you。These women here， when they go home tonight。

 they're going to take a fucking dump。It's going to smell like shit。 One of them might have diarrhea。

 That's going to just fly up on her leg。Probably， okay？Think of it next time you need to girl out。

WhatHow many bathroom seats did she sit on today。How many guys out at Ba theater or other people sound it's pretty gross？

 they pis and shit。 they're human Okay， when they fucking shit。

 It's not perfume because that's what we tend to imagine' like， women。

 when you see that hotg girl in the club， you're like， she is a fucking10。 Holyly shit。

 you don't realize that when she goes home the next day she's fucking hung over。

 She's like I feel like shit。 no makeup on rotting away fucking wrinkles。

 getting older every time she drinks。 If she smokes。 It's even worse。 She smells horrible。

 She's stupid。 I'm sorry， not stupid。 But anyway， you know' no fucking idea。 Okay。

 so realize like they're not these perfect little beans。 Okay。

 most girls are misguided and fucking undecided。 Okay， the best example I have is this girl。

 I know in Los Angeles。She is your perfect 10。 Okay， She really is。

 She's like the perfect 10 of Hollywood。 Okay， sos like your fucking Hollywood 10。

 The dude from entourage。 She plays like Ari Golds like chased her for fucking ever trying to buy all this shit。

 She's like the girl that if you saw， you'd be like， oh my God， fucking faint。 Okay， This girl here。

 Now， that there is the front that she puts on when she goes out。 She always liked that。 No， okay。

 if you look at her living situation。 because she was the roommate of a friend of mine。

 We ultimately one day went into a room。 this is with Tyler， we walked in。😊。

And this is what a room looked like。 Okay， this this perfect girl。

 The room was basically a blow at mattress on the floor with no air in it。 was a hole。

 So it's basically like sleeping on the floor。😊，There were no sheets。

 There's just like one little little cover。 Okay She just sleeps on this dirty blow mattress。

 little cover on the fucking floor。 Nothing is in the room except some vision board on the wall and some closets where it's not even used。

 There's just these huge garbage bags of clothes。And then a laptop on her fucking bed on the floor。

And this girl， she does like modeling and stuff。 So she has like she works every once in a while。

 And ultimately， what does she do， She spends her days sitting on the fucking floor on Facebook posting little selfies or stupid statuses or quotes。

 she might have read online like the world is beautiful。 And everyone's like yay like that。

 or she posts a picture and everyone's like， you're so beautiful。 Like living in the validation。

 external stimulus listens to shit like Lady Gaga and Brittanney spears like trying to get her state pumped all fucking day and then she just goes out at night。

 that's fucking it。 And then the best part is on that fucking vision board。

 this is like it was so beautiful to see it like you see all these different like pictures of hot girls like models and stuff like who she wants to resemble。

 and then there's a list of the things that she wants to accomplish。 And there's like， you know what。

 book like a better commercials， get another job， get a bed。

 know she's not sleep on the floor anymore。 become more organized。

 and there's like a list of like 12 things。 And at the bottom and this is the only one that is checked create vision board。

And that's this girl。 and sometimes you're like， oh， like again， girls are still human。

 They're normal。 Okay now that doesn't mean to view them like pieces of shit。

 like they all live and sleep on the floor。 of course not。

 but ultimately like snap out of the little trance snap out of the little illusion。 I mean like。

 oh man， these girls are so fucking perfect。 Okay they aren't。 The way you should view it。

 Next time you see that girl who seems very scary because she's so beautiful and even surrounded by all these guys。

 don't fall into the little front。 That's the little front she puts on the same as you when you go up to a girl。

 You're trying to be fake like'm this guy when you're actually not that guy。

Picture a girl on Christmas morning。That's the best analogy。 Imagine on Christmas morning。

 she wakes up。 She's with her family。 Her parents make fucking fun of her。 She's like， oh。

 goofy all quirky and shit。 That is the girl's real personality。

 The girl when she's hanging out with her friends。 She's laughing。 She's doing all this silly shit。

 She's not like trying to be all cool。 realize girls try to be cool as well。

 And that's not who they really are。 Okay， even if you see a girl who's mean。

 like this girl is so mean to me。 F dad。 No， okay， that's the front。😊，And ultimately。

 the best way to barrel through to the real her is to be real in the fucking first place。Okay。

 so stop placing them on a fucking pedestal because trust me， if you do。

 you're always gonna be reacting because if you know， if you start viewing the word， like。

 first of all， like it's all about the superficial， it's not about the subcommunications。

 What's at the peak， What's at the pinnacle， the girl Are you you like even near how much value that girl has say in a club environment。

 No， So if you get sucked into that， there's no way that you can't be reacting to her。

 Okay And to conclude this pillar here， ultimately。

 the best way to do this is to step out of scarcity and to step into abundance。 Okay。

 whatever is scarce。Always will' have more value。And whatever's abundance will also have less value。

O， for example， if you go out and you don't talk to every girl。 you're like。

 I'm only going to talk to the really hot girls who I like and you don't treat them all the same。

 guessess what？ Because there's not that many super hot girls that might be like 5。

 say in a nightclub。There's certainly a lot more scarce。You're like， oh， shit。

 if I fuck up all five of these girls， I'm fucked。Holy shit。Versus viewing all girls the same。

 It's like， I'm gonna to have fun with each and every one of these girls。

 I' only sleep with the ho ones， but Ill have just so much fun with the unattractive ones。

 suddenly there are a lot more abundance。 and you're not going to be that。

 You're not going to be placing that much importance， okay I remember。

An analogy to illustrate this is I go to Hawaii every summer on this hike with Tyler。

 and this is like two years ago。 we went there I was with a friend of mine。 And on the hike。

 we basically go and just camp on this little beach， which is like isolated for like five days。

 Okay on that beach， there's like these little hippies who live there， kind of like movie the beach。

And there was only two women in there。 now this is not a place where you go to game。

 It's a place where you go like， oh relax， know， snap out of the whole like hustle， meditate。

 get yourself centered again。 And the first time went there' with my friend like， you know what。

 let's hit on some girls were like running through the jungle， trying to find girls。

 And basically just two of them。 And these girls were not hot at all all they're like 6 or7。

 And because the only only only two girls there。 guess what， they had a lot more fucking value。

 And going up to those girls。 I felt a lot more intimidated like a fucking 10。 I was like my God。

 if you fuck it with them， they know each other fuck shit。

 theres like so much value when these girls because they became more scarce。 So guess what。

 theyre an infinite amount of fucking women。 this whole thing like one I bullshit。

 It's also mental masturbation。 you fuck up with one girl， it's fine。 first of all。

 you're probably able to flip it around， it's never over。's like it's over forever。

 if I fuck it with her。 No， you can at another time。 you can see out a year later。

 she doesn't remember who you are。 you can always get that girl。If you really fucking want to。

 and secondly。Guess what， we don't live in a little 25 to 50% tribe anymore。Live in London here。

Thousands of girls。Infinite amount of women。Okay， so take on that belief and realize， too。

 that what you experience with one girl， you can experience with another。 The whole like soul mates。

 just an illusion。Okay，You might notice this if you're， you， you start getting into this。

 You start going out talking to women。 I remember this happened to me。

 The first few phone numbers or even good reactions I got。 I was like， oh fuck。

 I start picturing the future with a girl。 I was like this girl have my babies。 will have my babies。

 Shell be the perfect wife。 I start imagin introducing her to my parents。 How do't you ever number。

 I just got a good reaction like a smile。 I'm like my god， and like this is the one。

 and then what happens next time I go out。 another me a。 maybe this ones the one。

 And then I get the number of thiss the one。 you have all these mini crushes。

 like ultimately realize like you can recreate that same emotion with another girl。

 It may not feel like。 So you break up with the You're like it's over。 that was my soulmate。 No。

 you can。 may take a little time。 but it can can happen again。 nothing is scarce。

 You never just have one shot。 Okay so realize that and ultimately just be at ease controlled grounded father daughter。

Number three， flowing。Okay， and this is something。That will also happen once you start realizing your own worth。

 You know， you become the buyer， not the seller is that this newfound entitlement that you have will make you a lot more free and flowing。

Okay， it's liberating feelings。s basically where nothing can go wrong。

 But you're going have to hug that girl。 Okay， You're purposeful， controlled， but you're not like。ああ。

Okay， you're not all choppy。 It's like there's a nice smooth flow。 It's like he， come here。Okay。

 purposeful， controlled， not like， but there's nice hey， flow to it all。

 you'll usually notice this in the beginning of the night when you go out， you're a lot more choppy。

 You're like， oh hey， how's going。 oh， really。 And then the more you do it like。😊。

You kind of just like loosen the fuck up。Okay， and that's something that will happen ultimately when you become entitled。

 Okay， when you feel like you deserve the girl， you're not going to be in your head as much。

 You're going to be a lot more at ease。 Okay， you you're like， you know what。

 I deserve this fucking girl。 At is automatic。Okay，It's like talking to a very unattractive fag girl。

 do you ever run out of things to say， probably not， It' like she's fat。

 she likes to listen wherever I say。And ultimately， what happens there is that when you're entitled。

 you have positive assumptions。That's really what rules it all， it's like you know what？

The world is a friendly place。 Not everyone's out to get me。 And I assume it's just like gonna work。

 Like if you go up to a girl， there's an example in the hot seat where say Tler goes up to this girl in a taxi cab。

 He's like， hey， don't get in the cab， Come with me instead。 If you take that little open there。

 What's the percentage of success of an opener like this。 Pretty high， Pretty low。😊，Ptty low。

 if you go to like 1 thousand00 girls you're like， don't get in the cab。

 come with me a complete stranger。Not that mean you'd be like， sure。

 stranger and just stitched the cap。Now， he does it。 and first of all。

 why do it because you have nothing to lose。 Okay It's like so what if she gets in the cab。

 leasts now you got a reference。If you don't approach it， its the same fucking result。 So just do it。

 It's like you're going to lose a little bit of your personality if you approach her and it doesn't work。

 But secondly， when he opens her， he's basically like， don't in the cab to come with me instead。

 she looks at him， and then she looks back at the cab driver。Now if you're not entitled。

 what are you gonna assume， fuck she's gonna get in the cab and what are you going start doing hey。

 no， come with me and start probably talking a little bit more。 Okay trying to like again。

 convince her becoming a little bit more choppy， a little rushed， not controlled。

 If you do feel like you deserve her。 Like imagine it's a girl who you've known your entire life has had a crush on you。

 she loves you。 she's like this guys my dream guy want to fuck him。 you know。

 she's very unattractive， no other guy in the world will ever want her and she loves you。

 if you're like， hey don't in the cab come with me instead， if she looks back at the cab driver。

 it won't even cross your mind that she would leave。 You' like of course， she's coming back。

 And you would just still there。 know stay there。Very relaxed， very flowing， just like。

Pauseibly assume she'll come back to you。 If you ask a girl for a number。

 this is also in the hot seat。 Ts I give me you your number。 The girl's like， oh。

 I'll give you my card。 My phone number is on the card。 She's like， okay， cool。

 She's looking through her purse。 and she's like， oh， I think I'm out of cards。Now。

 what most guys do give me a number then I got the phone。Okay， what does he do is just like。

Just relaxed。And they goes like， let me give you my number。Okay， he assumes it， positive。

 fucking assumptions。Okay， so ultimately it's like you're moving on your own pace。

 You're very flowing。 you're very free。 You're very relaxed versus stifled， choppy。

 monitoring your fucking behavior。Okay，It's like what who you are。

 What you have to say is good enough。 You have to realize that。

 I was talking about this with a friend of mine in L A。And。He's trying to start this podcast。

 Okay like， you， I'm gonna start this podcast。 I want to make it about business。 You know。

 I'm really into like Seth Godin， Gary Vanderchuk， all this stuff。 I'm like。

 I want to talk about concepts there。 And what do you realize is that it doesn't matter if some of the concepts are a little bit repeated。

 Okay， ultimately， nowadays， almost everything we fucking say is repeated。 Okay。

 It's like even like if you hear like intention freedom from how come。 You think that's brand new。

Right fucking millions years ago。 It's like not millions like years fucking ago。

 like Buddha starts talking about shit we talk about。 Everything is ultimately already been said。

 But what's cool。About say the podcast you listen to is even if the concept's already been said you like it because it's that person who's fucking talking about it and that's the girls。

 they don't care if a thousand guys came to say hi to them。

 they don't care if  a0 guys like this is what I do。

 they want to hear what you have to say they want to hear like because when you say you make them feel a certain way that's unique to who you are that's what they want。

😡，Assum it doesn't matter what you say。 It's like you're that podcast。 Like I'm the voice of a God。

 Every girl wants to hear what I fucking have to say。 Okay， and ultimately， with entitlement。

You want to lower your criterion for entitlements。 Okay， most people， in order to feel entitled。

 they need like the whole little list to be checked。 It's like， you know what。

I need to meet the superficial standards of society， so if I'm like very good looking。

 if I have a lot of money， it's okay for me to feel entitled。

I'll feel relaxed around the girl because I'm hotter and I have more money than her。

 If I have social alliances within the venue， A if I'm with tons of friends。

 it's a lot easier to feel entitled than if I'm out alone。😊，Okay， some other ones would be like。

 you know what， if I have something that she wants， you know， like maybe some like some little skill。

 maybe if you think women like money is like I have a lot of money。 So it's easier to feel entitled。

 All of this is basically what we call situational confidence。 Okay。

 Now the beauty of entitlement is that you don't need anything to back it up。You don't need money。

 you don't need looks， you don't need friends， you don't need social alliances。

 you don't need anything to back it up。 okay， it's like that little glitch。

 It's like act like a rock star， get treated like a fucking rock star。If you go up to going like。

 hey， hows it going， she's like， fuck， this guy's probably amazingly cool because he's acting like this and she'll treat you like you're that fucking amazing guy。

You don't need anything to back it up。 Okay，Ultimately。

 why should you feel entitled because you're a man。You have masculine energy。 That's it。

Why do you need anything more， If a man and a woman are placed in a room and they're just left there isolated for a week。

 Do you think they're eventually going to have sex。 you think there's going be a attraction。

 They're left on an island alone。 Yes or no。 Yes， why， because she's a fucking man。

 and she's a woman。It's not like， well， he did have this cool line。 It's like， no， he was a man。

That's it。Okay， your entitlement can only be determined by yourself。 Okay。

 It's like you decide how entitled you are。 It's never the girl's reactions。

 And you also notice this with game。 Whenever you go out。

 it's always your actions are going to change who you are。 Never the girl's reactions。

It's like you're there， you have approached anxiety， you're like， I don't know if I should say hi。

You say， hi， that there changes who you are。 The girl smiling and laughing back at you。

 ultimately irrelevant。 You might get a little rush in the moment。

 but that there is not going to make for permanentman change。 same with entitlements。

 It's never enough if you're relying on the girl's reactions to feel entitled。😊，Never， ever enough。

 you're always going to need more。 You're always going to want more。

 And there's always going to be someone who has more than you。Ultimately， you have to decide against。

 same as being purposeful。 I'm a man。 I value my opinion myself over others。 I choose right now。

 I just give myself permission to feel entitled。Because that's really what the reactions are。

 If you're going up trying to seek reactions， you're waiting to get enough reactions to give yourself permission to feel entitled。

 Just choose to right now。 realize your own fucking worth。 I'm in the top 1%。Good intentions。 I mean。

 real working on myself。 How do you get any better than this。It's a choice， okay。

 give yourself permission， realize that girl can like you just for you。 you are enough。Okay。

And it's biological。 and lastly， ultimately just accept who you are， embrace the weirdness。

That's really what it is。 It's like， stop trying to， you know。

 Sam as being like a little people pleaser。 Stop trying to live up。To other people's standards。

 Stop trying to live up to society standards。 it's like， well， nowadays to be entitled to be a 10。

 You need to have the long emo hair。And nowadays， you need the short。 you're like。

 trying to live up to that。Ultimately， it's like， no， when I'm talking to a girl。

 if I'm certain she's going to get drawn into my reality， my reality， my fucking rules。

 What do I decide。😡，That me right now， I'm the shit。It doesn't matter what I look like。

 I set the standard。If I have short hair， short hair is cool。 Anyone who has long hair。

 a bunch of fucking faggos。 If I have long hair， I go to short hair， faggots as well。

 They probably shave their head for each other。 You know， fucking。 like that's you should view it。

 If I go up to a girl and I don't know what to fucking say， That's what makes me awesome。

 guyss who know what to say。 They suck。If I get rejected， that's what makes me awesome。

 makes me human。 guys who don't get rejected。 they fucking suck。 I set the standard。

 It's all subjective。😡，If you think you're the shit， again， if you have that strong frame。

 the girl is going think you're the shit。It's like， think of it。 say you're a complete nerd。

 Anyone here is like massively nerdy like into video games and magic cards and stuff。

 raise your hand。😊，Okay， did you guys have a girlfriend at one point in your life？One， okay。Now。

 with your girlfriend， how long were you together for a while？Okay。

 did you show her all the nerdy things you were into。That example。Ultimately。

 if you are a nerdy guy and you're just very certain。 like this is what's up。

 guess what the girl will so get sucked into that。 you'll see it with time。

 like in a relationship at the end， the girl thinks fucking video games and magic cards are the shit。

 Okay， It's like even pick up。 Okay， every girlfriend I've had。 What does she think。

 Pick up is the shit。 Okay， Every girlfriend Tyler's head little bald， pasty ginger guy。

 This guy's the shit。 They have to be。 They have to be bald。 They have to be small。

 They have to be pasty， and they have to speak with a little whiny voice。

 That is what sets the standard。 And those girls， you'll see will absolutely fucking love them。

Because they're just so serit and they get sucked at the reality。 be like， you know what， I'm a guy。

 whatever you are， embrace it， and you set the standard。Okay， that there will again。

 give you the positive assumptions。 We'll give you that entitlement more ultimately。

Let you loosen the fuck up。The last pillar。Self amused。 Again。

 this encompasses the first three pillars。 Okay， this is ultimately the key to letting go of the outcome。

Okay， so again， where you just don't want anything in return from the girl because that's easier said than done。

 I'm like， go up to a group， but want nothing in return。 You're like， okay， well。

 how the fuck do I do that， Self amusement， Okay， and ultimately。

 it's the key to getting away fully with putting your personality on the fucking line。😡。

Okay so the way that most guys approach women， again， they're looking for that validation。

 they're looking for the girl to give them permission to feel entitled。 if they get good reactions。

 they feel good， and they're basically going up and it's like， hey， and whatever they do。

 whatever they say is like an arrow going to the girl， And then if she reacts well。

 the arrow comes back， good reaction。 and they feel good like shoearrow。

 the arrow comes back negative， they feel like shit。 that's how they approach。 Okay For example。

 if you're gonna to hug a girl。 be like。😊，Kind of like waiting for that little permission， Oh。

 cool cool， cool。instead of being like， you know what？I just pump my own state， do it for me。

 and I assume it's going to be okay。 instead of seeking her reactions。

 instead of shooting the arrow at her， shoot the arrow to yourself。

 make herself feel good and trust that because you feel good。

 And because the girl will feel whatever you feel， stay transparent。

 the same as if you're fucking stressed or angry， he's gonna feel that off you。

 she will feel good as well。 How do you make someone laugh。😊，Make me laugh。Yeah。👏Ultimatelys really。

Apart from the physical man on man type of way。How do you make someone laugh by making yourself laugh first。

 How do you make something interesting by being interested in it first。

 I can talk about the most boring thing in the world。 If I'm fucking interested in it。

 you are going to be interested in it。 Like， honestly， it could be the dumbest thing， like。😊。

I don't know， like dude。You see this tape here？Tate， man。 It's fucking awesome。 dude。 Like， dude。

 I actually， I'm not I was joking because I said it for the seminar， but I'm actually serious。

 Like if you， it's actually super weird。 Like check it I'm actually， okay。

 fuck actually fuck what I said， like this is actually serious Did didn check it out。

 I was joking it。 but I'm actually serious。😊，It's bullshit。 I was just fucking around。

 So just fucking tape。 But guess what。 There's a little enthusiasm that just transferred onto you。

If you're feeling fucking good， you're like the better party they' goes like， oh fuck。

 I want to go with this guy's having more fun。 the shit。

 Whatever he's saying is interesting is he is interested in it。 Okay， Self amusement is the key。

 Okay， so it helps you let go of reaction seeking。It gets rid of that leachching energy。 Okay。

 most guys make up to girls。 They're trying to join the girls party。 Okay It's like， oh， can。

 can I join your party， like trying to say hi， it's like， hello like that。

 It's like a little fucking weird leeach。😊，You'll see it。 You'll see it。

 You've probably seen it in yourself going up to girls。 like girls are having fun。 You're like。

And you like try to dance in the middle and stuff， no， have your own fun first， okay。

The way this looks like， again， if you're like hugging the girl， you're not like。

Like trying to do it is I boom like fully having fun， adding to the fun。

 There's not like that permission seeking。 You don't even care if she likes it or not。

 You assume she'll like it because you just like fucking hugging girls。 Okay， that's the view。

 You are the source of good emotions in the environment。 You offer value。

 You're not trying to take anything from her。 You're not depending on anything external。 Okay。

 realize that no one can make you ever feel as good as you can make yourself feel good。Okay。

It sells merely internal fulfillment as opposed to external stimulus。 as guys， what makes you happy。

 internal fulfillment。 External stimulus is just temporary。 Okay。

 and oftentimes you will get bored of it。 Exnal stimulus is like a girl's good reaction。

 It's like you say， hi， she smiled。 I feel fucking amazing。 But after a while。

 you're gonna get bored of that。 Youre like， of course， she smiled so what。

 I'm still the same piece of shit。😊，It's like you get a hot girlfriend。 At first。

 you're amazingly happy。 You're like， this is awesome。 She's so hot。 After a while， you get bored。

 Okay， you also see like the human side of her。 You're like damage she's human。😊，Fox。

 it must be a glitch。 There must be another girl out there。 This girl。

 And then like she becomes human again， and then you dump her and you can never be happy。 It's like。

 say， I just give you everything you want all the money women in the world。

 you are not going to be happy。 Okay， Most guys who have it all。

 What do they do drugs and watch movies and play video games all day。😊。

That's it because there's no internal fulfillment。 It's like a fucking good meal。 Everyone's like。

 oh， I wish I could have the beautiful steak after a while， it's just a fucking meal。

 unless you're done eating it， so what。What makes you feel happy is a guy， internal fulfillment。

 things like working on yourself， things like accomplishing something。It's like it's your actions。

 that's what it is。 It's like when you go up to a girl。It's going to feel a lot better。

 You breaking through， for example， you know， approach anxiety。

 saying hi to her than her reacting well。 Okay， it's like jumping off a cliff into water。

 What's better？ There's like the water there and you're on a cliff。 you're like， it's pretty high。

 What's the better feeling。Fucking doing it or once you' were in the water。 I did it。Doing it。

When you see a girl， what's going to feel better， saying hi to her or having your smile once you said hi。

Hopefully it's fucking to St Heder， everyone's like， iss the smile okay？

Come back at this thought if you think it's a smile in a fucking year after approaching。

 it's you saying hi， you're going to get bored of it all。 You have to game yourself。😡，Okay。

 I make myself laugh。More than any girl can make me laugh。 Nothing external。

 ultimately can make me laugh unless I choose it。 Okay。

 It's like you want to be again Blalase to the world。 The girl says something nicer like。😊。

Do you else this something mean？You' numb。 You fucking numb。😡，Okay， you're icy， that they say。

makes you feel good。 Your actions， your own jokes。 The girl says a joke。

 fucking bullsh it's Girl joke。 My jokes。 My voice， me， You have to get into yourself。

 You have to have that fucking self love because if you love yourself。

 if the girl feels what you feel， she's going to love you。 Okay， And this is the key to consistency。

 It's like if you're relying on your actions to feel good to pump your state， if you will。

 you're always going to be in control of your nights out right now。

 it's impossible for me to have a bad night out。😊， I wouldn't have said this in the past because it sounds obnoxious and shit。

 I will never have a bad night doubt。 But at this point， it's fucking true。

 That doesn't mean I get late every time I go out。 That doesn't mean I never get rejected。

 But every time I go out， I have a fun time。 I don't have this little tonight so fuck I don't have that anymore。

😡，Because my actions， guesss what， I'm in control of my actions。 If you're going up and you're。

 again， feeling good if the girl reacts like， hey， you're never gonna be in control of her reactions ever。

 There's always gonna be elements of randomness。 You don't know anything about this girl。

 She'd be having the worst day ever life。😊，I don't know her whole family could have just died or something。

 you're like， like that。 And maybe someone will still fuck you like。

 I just want to let go of the sadness。 I just want the deep。 I still do it。

 But most of the time she won't。 And it's not your faults。 And if you're depending on her reactions。

 you'll never be in control。 your nights will be up to luck。 It's like。

 I hope tonight's gonna be good。 I hope I get good reactions。

 Guess what if your actions pununk you have。 You're the one who's doing。 You're I was in control。

That's how become consistent。Okay and also really。The key with this in terms of letting go the outcome is like once you're self amused okay it's like you're into your little reality。

 you're intos more than her reactions， you want to reach a point where you're so focused on yourself it's like again。

 gaming yourself is like a performance for you not for the girl because you't want to be a dancing monkey but you're so into your own party that you don't even notice a girl's reactions。

Now， of course， when I say this， don't take it dogmatically， don't be like， don't even notice。

 like of course you're fucking like you see it， but you're not like zoned in on that。

 It's like secondary。It's like， I'm so focused on myself that there is no outcome to notice。

 That's how you like go of the outcome。 It's not by thinking about。 mostly go of the outcome。

 It's by focusing so much on yourself。 You don't even notice the girl。

 and that's the beauty of fucking self auseement。 Okay， you don't to depend on her。 It's your movie。

 It's your party that you share with her。 It also helps offer value。 It's like。

 if you're going up and you know you're having fucking fun。

 It's not like I'm going to take something from the girl。 I'm going to trick the girl。

 It's like I'm here， have some of my fucking fun。 you want it， you don't want it。

 if you don't want it more fun for me。 A。😡，That's it， okay。And， ultimately。To sub ultimately。

 a lot of， ultimately。What's cool about self amusement is that when your actions pump you up and you don't need the girl。

 you're automatically in a position where you want less from her than she wants from you。

That's it When you make yourself feel good， better than anyone else can make you feel good。

 you automatically want less from them than they want from you because everyone want something from the other person。

 be a validation， be a good emotions， be a good reactions。

 And if you're just like so into your own little world。 you're like， I'm awesome。 I'm so awesome。

 Im using so into myself， this is my party and you go up to girl like you want somebody。

 you want them if you't， that's fine。 I'm more fun for me， she's gonna want more。

 And when she wants more， you have more value in her eyes。

 then she does to you and she's gonna start reacting， start chasing， start investing。😊。

Self amusement is also the key to putting your personality on the line。Again。

 you can't be a people pleaser， but in order not to offend or in order to not feel like you need to hold back。

 if you're doing it to add to the fun， no one will stop you。

You can see the most obnoxious thing in the world， the most fucked up things in the world。

 I have videos of this saying horrible things， like things that I'm sometimes Im scared of showing。

sh I show it at the hot seat， But every time he plays and I say this one line， I'm like。

But the girl loves it because it's adding to the fun。Okay， I think there's that。

It's like a saying it's not mean if it's funny or something like that。 or like。

 I don't know what the saying is something if it's funny。 You can do whatever you want。

 You can put your personality out there and people never stop you because it's adding to your own fun。

 No one wants to be the party pooper。 An example is say you're you're a kid。

 you've probably seen this like， you were maybe bullied or you' were one of the bullies。 Now。

 if the bullies going up to you And you's like， man， like grabs you like。

 even me right now in the seminar。 walk down， you grab you and start fucking with your hair。

 And I'm like Yeah， are you gonna be like， stop it。Probably not。

 You're going to try to maybe subly push me off like but you're not going to go like poorly against it。

Okay，If I'm genuinely having fun， purposeful behind it。's like， do get him like that。

 If I'm genuinely having fun， no girls gonna stop it。 If I go up and what I'm saying is like。

 this is my person。 I like the color blue and it's adding to the fun。

 The girl will not take it badly。 She won't stop me and you can get away with a lot fucking more。

 but it has to be genuine。 Okay， you have to be in that genuine France。

 You can't be trying to force it。 Okay， and analogy is Jeffy。😊，He used to have this walletet。

 and he'd go up to girls。And remember， this is back in the day， one girl's like， you know what。

 I fucking hate your hair。And he's like， oh really？

He pulls out a switchbl and cuts a bit of his hair off。And he's like， there， and you like it now。

 your turn and cuts a bit of her hair off and fucks her。Now， that there is genuine fun。

What happens a month later， another girl's like， you know what， I hate your hair。 And he's like。

 oh I have the switchbl。 Time for the switchbl move。What does a girl do， Oh my God。

 it runs the fuck away。对。So it has to be genuine okay and this is important too。

 with self- auseement。 guys often try to force it when they go up to women。 they're like。

 you know what， I'm gonna like be funny。 Self auseed are're like trying to like force it。

 It has to be fucking genuine。 the best example I have is what I call the awkward laugh exercise okay for example。

 you can try this out tonight。 You go up to a girl。 And for the first 30 seconds。

 all you do is interview mode questions。That's it。 Just full on interview mode。 Like， oh， hey。

 what's your name。 What do you do， where are you' from？ And every time Okay， before basically。

 you ask the next question， like in between， you have to do a little awkward laugh。

Something along the lines of like that。Okay。Now， this is what it would look like。

 Like you walk up to the girl。 You're like， hey， what's up， I I'm Julie。's， What's your name。

 I like that name。 Are you from London， Where are you from。😊，Oh， Manchester。Ha。😊，Hh。

Do do you like Do you like。Do you like me。Do you like me， Okay， I don't know。 It's like。

 just do the awkward fucking laugh。 Now， it's cool it is as you probably notice here。

 it's a genuine laughter。 It's not something you're trying to force this。 like， oh， I got self ause。

 Maybe if I tell a joke。 it's like， no， genuine fucking laughter。

 It's like an inside joke with yourself， That's the key。 It's like， you're going up， You know。

 you're doing it on purpose。 And the girl's like， what is you doing。 You're like， this is awesome。

 it's like that little inside joke with yourself。 You don't even need her to be there。

 It could be her or any other girl， you would be having just as much fun，😊，It's about you。

 you don't even need the girl。😡，And that's when you ultimately get them。

 Okay so the awkward laugh exercise， that's more of a verbal way of selfmusing。

 another way would be like， physical way would be like the awkward dance。

 where you just go up and like， like you know what， let's go dance。

 you can do that like I do this for fun And I'm like I' get to girl really attractive Like oh my God this guys so cool。

 And I'm like， let's go dance。 She's like， yeah， And then it's just like the awkward little dance。

 It's like， what the fuck Like it's like anything where you can basically just laugh at yourself and you kind of do it on a purpose。

 Okay and that's the key if you laugh at yourself， It's even better。

 Okay because what is one of the biggest impediments to people like actually having fun。😊。

They don't want to ruin their self image。 They're like， you know what it's my little ego。 It's like。

 I want to be cool。 I want to be James Bond。And if I do the awkward laughing I not James Bond。

 So know I can't do this。 And then walk like if I go on the dance tour。

 I got to be very cool on the dance tour， I I can't do the little awkward dance。

 I got be cool you might even look this up。 I remember I did back in the day。

 I'm like I don't know how to dance。 And then there was like there's the movie hitch it's hit like like that I'm like that doesn't seem cool enough。

 And I like how do people dance and you might be this how do you dance let。

 stop trying to be trying to be James Bond when't be like in the corner like but if I approach her maybe not James Bond anymore fucking approach her。

 it's fine if you're not James Bond ultimately girls want more fun。

 will go towards the better party and the better party is the guy having more fun than the who's giving less fuck than the girl。

 Those are two vibes are just addictive。 if someone having fun you're like oh I want to be around that。

 if you're sitting at eating dinner someone's laughing like crazy on the other side。 You're like。

 that's the warm of the pool。 suck here like that and you're gonna want to go there if someone just doesn't。

😊，Ca let us loose。 You're like， fuck， I want to let loose， too， because everyone。

 that's the biggest thing。 is like， they don't have enough fun and they care too much。Let'll see it。

 Like imagine。 it's like if you could go out with someone who just didn't give a fuck。

 that would transfer onto you， you could actually let it loose as well。 Probably your wings。

 They all give a fuck as well。 You're like oh， we all both give a fuck。 We suck。

You can do what you want。Stop caring。And ultimately that's the fun， too。

 it's like you'll have more fun just not carrying and being in your own party than even getting the girl。

 you even care about sex at one point。He' was like， you know what fuck it。

 I don't even care about sex。 If I go home alone， more fun， more fun。Okay， and ultimately。

 coming from that frame of mind， that's how you will get the hottest girls。

 That's what we get the most girls。 Okay Another impediment as well is having a bar， you know。

 your criteria for having fun is like a little too high。 Okay And it's like。

 you know what I'm a very serious man。 If I want to say a joke， that has to be very serious。

 thats to be very。😊，Good joke。 It can't be too childish。 It's like， no， lower the bar。 The dumbmer。

 the better。 go full retard。 as we say， it's okay to seem like some fucking retard。

 It's O to not be that serious。 Give less of a fuck。 Have more fun。 Okay， bring back， as I say。

 like the childlike excitability。😊，Okay grown up。 I was like， there's so much responsibility。

 We're all so serious。 this this life， Oh God， it's like， be like a kid when you're out。

Don't be all serious， like you know I guess here。Be like a kid， laugh， enjoy， jump up and down。

You like this guy。They谁。Yeah。Now。The last thing was self amusement。Is that it gives you that nice。

 you know， when you're just having fun， kind of link it into like flowing is like。

You just stop caring so much。 It's like whatever happens。 You're just adding to your fun。

 It's all fucking good。 You move it like the currents of things。 It supposed like resisting it。

 And this is the biggest frame is like whatever happens。 It can be quote unquote negative。 like oh。

 a bad reaction。 What I want oh， I don't know what to say。 What I want you to do is take it。

 embrace it， exaggerate it and laugh。 embrace， exaggerate laugh。 If you don't know what to say。

 anything can add yourself self amusement。 Go up to the girl， tell her， you don't know what to say。

 embrace it， you congruent。 Then you exaggerate it。 like， I don't know what to say。 I'm so pathetic。

😊，My parents never loved me because I never knew what to tell them。 I never knew what to tell my mom。

 I loved her。Sorry， and then you start laughing at yourself。 You exaggerate。 if you get rejected。

 be like， stupid， stupid。 I don't know。 Like make it fucking funny。 Whatever happens。

 you can always fuel it your self amusement。 Okay， never resist it。

 Just embrace whatever's being fucking thrown at you。 Okay， the biggest kitchen is like you're like。

 the choppiness is like just resisting。 It's like if something bad happens， You fucking resist it。

 You're like， no， this sucks， I wanted this to happen instead， it's like， no， embrace it。

 laugh at it。 And ultimately again learn to laugh at yourself。🎼It's the biggest one。

 Don't take yourself so fucking seriously。 learn to laugh at yourself。 If you get rejected。

 find that funny。 take perspective。 It's like watching a movie of yourself。

 It's like you get rejected。 You're like， how could I make this more funny。

Maybe if I make it a little bit more awkward。How do you laugh at yourself that way。 That's how I do。

 It's like I go out。 And I just try to create awkwardness Like that's what resonates with me in terms of self amusement is like the more awkward。

 the better， like a bot like sense of humor。 Okay， so I might say some like weird shit on purpose to the girl。

 And then my mind， I'm like。😊，Can't believe I said that。

 The awkward laugh is kind of like where it like sense of humor。

 You can go up and say when you open you're like， hey what's， like really smooth。

 And then like out of the blue， like。😊，And she's like， what was that， You're like， what what。

 nothing， Like， just make it awkward。Okay that's what I find funny is's like don't take it personally。

 take perspective the same with like approach anxiety， if like I'm so scared。

 you're identified of the emotion， take perspective and be like。

 it's like playing a little video game yourself， how can I make this funny？

Everything adds to the fun。 And lastly， too， with anything that could be interpreted as be negative。

Instead of resisting it， if it is negative and you can't really add to the fun， use it as fury。

 like build the fury， you know， use this fucking gas and if you get rejected， be like， fuck。

 not again。😡，it has that motivation instead of taking it personally and being like a little victim。

 Okay so that there。Is what it means to be sexworth， okay purposeful。Conttroed flowing self use。

 It's like your。Producing， you're not trying to take something in return。

 you don't need the reactions。 you're offering fucking value。 If you have those four pillars down。

 girls will fucking love you and you can always monitor how naturally attractive you are depending on those four pillars。

 if you go up to grow and you're like purposeful but say you're not controlled。

 It's like it's still rush， it's scary。 It's like oh， maybe a little less purposeful。

 a little bit more controlled。 Maybe it's a little too choppy try to make it a little bit more flowing。

 you know snap like entitlements， maybe I'm doing it。

 but then I'm relying on a good reaction to feel good instead of just like doing it for the sake of doing it and offering value。

Controlled， purposeful， flowing， self amused。 Okay， what it means to be。Besides right。更多最新课程请加阿姆微信。

70075683。