# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：23、结尾__ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So there you have it literally everything that you need to know in terms of cold approach， Pick。

 Okay， it's all in your mind right now。 It's all fucking fresh。 What is left to do。 Okay。

 as I mentioned in the introduction video， going out and experiencing this shit firsthand。

 knowing it understanding it， it's fucking awesome。 if this is like beginner。

 this is like where you want to be， at least you won't be going in the wrong direction。

 or it is getting stuck in the middle and you know where to go。

 but you still have to fucking go there。 and you go that through internalizing this。 Okay。

 it's going out and getting what we call reference experiences。

 getting as many references as possible in the shortest amount of time possible。

 that is how you become good。 so step1 moving forward。 Okay。

 and I highly recommend that you do this do a 30 day challenge。

OkayNow what is that basically for the next 30 days。 Okay， starting right fucking now。

 you're gonna go out and start talking to women。 you're gonna go out for the next 30 days straight。

 Now， when I say this， okay， don't freak out。 Okay you can be like， oh， I'm a busy guy in my job。

 It's like， no， okay， don't fucking freak out。 when I say 30 days。

 I don't mean going out like 7 hours a night for the next 30 days and just burning yourself into the fucking ground。

 Okay， what I mean is basically for the next 30 days， go out for a minimum of 30 minutes a day。

If you're just very， very busy， do it on your way to work， do it on your lunch break。

 do it quickly before passing out at night。 know， at the shitty little bar around the corridor。

 It's like some old ladies， like just take 30 days and start applying the shit。 Okay。

 like if you're like， oh， but I'm already so busy， just sleep 30 minutes less every single fucking night。

 Okay， you can do this。 Okay， you don't have any excuse not to do a minimum of 30 minutes a day。

 you can even spread it out there the day。 do like 5 minutes here，5 minutes here，5 minutes here。

 Okay anyone can do this。 do this while you eat。 you're running around with your food and you're fucking talking to women。

30 day challenge and then on the weekends or when you have more time。

Go out for longer periods of time。 Okay， but the baseline is 30 minutes。 Okay。

 this is now part of your life。 It's part of who you are。 Okay， it's like you wake up。

 you brush your teeth in the morning。 you wake up， you go and you start interacting with women。

 Okay make this habit。 This is how you become good fast。 if you just take your time。

 Like there's no urgency to get good at this。 it's gonna be very hard to get good。

 know you'll probably just kind like you know， just slack off a bit and just remain。

 what we call intermediate purgatory。 start hustling。 hustle at this hustle in life。

 hustle at your job，tle in terms of developing yourself as a person， be a fucking action taker。

 Those are the guys you get really， really fucking good。

 This is something that I had when I found out about this like my first approach when I was finally able to talk to a girl as soon as I I did it。

 I was like。Oh my God。 Like， let's like maximize the shit。 And I just poor I just win all out。

 I was like taking fucking action。 Okay， that is the baseline。 Okay， so step 1，30 day challenge。

 step 2。Realize that there is no other way to get good at this shit。Okay， and that's a big one。

 Okay because your mind is going to come up with every little fucking excuse in the book not to do this。

 Okay， like this is tough。 Okay， it's like the easy part is watching these videos and understanding it。

 again， it might not be that easy You're like， oh my God， there's so much information。

 But the tough part is actually going out and doing it。 it's like say you're into meditation。

 Like the hardest part about meditation is actually sitting down to fucking meditate。

 meditation isn't easy。 Okay， by far， but sitting down to do it is the hardest part。 Okay。

 so your mind is gonna come up all these excuses like， you know what， I'm just too busy。

 you know what， maybe I'm just different， no one is above the fucking process。 you know。

 maybe I'm just gonna do this later， It's like， no。

 how do you get good ining with women by going out and interacting with women。

 Okay this is the only way focus on this。 Okay， remember。

 this is that one thing that you fucking focus on Don't give up and don't get sidetracked。

 if you're like， well。Women like guys who can just talk and talk and talk。

 So I think inrov classes will help。 Okay， well guess why they probably will。 But guys do that。

 And then they just focus on the improv thinking that it will help And。

 they try to avoid that one fucking thing。 it's like no。

 if you can do improv on top of it all awesome but not in a way that's compromising cold approach pickup。

 Okay， this is how you get good。 Okay， don't doubt it。

 don't hesitate and don't into the fucking excuses。 because realize as well。

 that you don't want to change deep down inside。 if you ask someone like do you want to change。

 they're always gonna say yes like well， of course， I want to fucking change。

 but they just want to change if it's given to them。

 once you realize you have to put something into changing you're not gonna want to anymore you're like you know what I'm good。

 know human beings are creatures of habit。 It's like this is why you could。

 probably tell a lot of your friends about this。 not all of them are just gonna jump at the occasion。

 They' be like， no。I'm good。 Okay， it's like they just want to remain the same。

 So you're gonna have to go against those urges of just staying who the fuck you are。 Okay。

 a lot of getting good。 this is going against your emotions。 know， as a guy。

 you shouldn't always do what makes you feel good。 It's like， oh， just feel good doing it。 It's like。

 no， if that was the case。 why don't you just go out and like eat horrible food all the time and do like just drugs all the time。

 it makes you feel good。 It's like， no， you're not meant to always do it makes you feel good。

 Okay you want to get good at this， it's like going to the gym。 It's like， oh， I'm lifting weights。

 But as soon as it hurts。 it doesn't feel good anymore。 It's like， no， that's when you grow。 Okay。

 it's going against those emotions。 Basically， right now， you have a certain identity。

 Okay if you would like this， like this is you here。You want to be this person here。Your emotions。

 okay as I previously mentioned， again， you're a creature of habit。

 they're designed to keep you here。 Okay like your DNA doesn't really care if you become a sexworthy guy or not。

 as long as you're alive， as long as it thinks that you're reproducing just by jacking off know it's like you're good and it is like you know what if you're good here。

 you're staying alive， stay fucking there。 So your emotions are holding you in place here and what you're going to do is you're going go out and you're gonna to act as if you're this guy up here and your emotions gonna hold you back So this is why you might feel know like approach anxiety like you see the girl。

 you're like this is acting through here。 but I'm down here。

 it's scary and you go against those emotions。 you take right action。 It's like gun to the head。

 what's the right thing to do and you start acting through this identity and with time。

 your emotions are just going too slowly。Transfer here it's like， you know what fuck it。

 this guy won't give up。Fine boomman。 then you start taking on this identity。

 and then you keep moving up， you keep moving up。 you keep moving up and that internal fulfillment is which just makes you feel good in life in general。

 Okay， it's like you are a guy who's continuously developing himself as a person。 Okay， now。

 when you hear this。 Okay， it's like， you can always be better and better and better。

 Don't ever think like， oh， I'm。😊，I'm not enough。 Now。 I just want to jump to the finish line。 Okay。

 first of all， there is no finish line。 This is something that you're in for life。 Okay。

 all of these principles are values that you kind of move towards。 Okay。

 throughout the years of your life， you're never going to fully master， you know。

 being free from the outcome。 Okay， it's like you're never gonna master it 100%。 Again。

 you're just moving in that direction。 So just enjoy the journey。

 there is no destination And in terms of， you know， like oh， but I'm not enough now。

 then the way you want to view it。 Okay， in terms of again。

 reconciling selfacceptance and selfactualization is that right now， this is the way I view it。

 right now， you're perfect as is， Okay， like you are enough。 But what makes you enough。

 the fact that you're continuously developing yourself as a person。

 You're continuously progressing and expanding。😊，Okay， so one second from now。

 you will be better than now。 And that's what makes you enough。 Okay。

 so you kind of take on that belief there。 But go against your emotions， embrace the pain。 Okay。

 you want to develop kind of like that。 perverted pleasure in the fucking pain and a great。Basically。

 mindset， okay， that the guys who get really， really good have is that they're constantly positive and they're constantly outgoing。

 Okay， you have to be positive。 You have to be outgoing， even with a small success。 Okay。

 it's like you go up， you talk to a girl。 you should feel fucking happy if that's something youve never done before。

 It's not like， well， I didn't fuck， though， It's like， no， like be fucking happy。

 just by the fact you said， hi， it's like you're moving forward。

 it's like playing the video game level 1 It's like， oh， but I'm not at level 40。 It's like。

Be happy with level1。 Okay， there is is gonna be so much shit and like so much internal resistance going forward with this that if you're not positive。

 if you're not outgoing， it's very easy to just snap back into that shit。 So positive outgoing。 Okay。

 have fun with this game， you know， cold approach pickup is something that is very， very serious。😊。

Princiipples， rules， if you will， you know， you have to be on top of your shit。

 But as long as you are， have fun。 Okay， like this is it。Okay。

 you're gonna get awesome results along the way。 You're gonna get all these women。

 But ultimately what's gonna make you happier all throughout that internal fulfillment。 You know。

 the fact you're just taking action， like your actions will always make you feel better than。

 for example， a girl's reaction。 Okay， like you'， you。

 you're gonna get numb with the girl's reactions。 You're like， God。😊，It's expected。 You know。

 you reach a point where just expected。 Okay， so just really fucking embrace that。 Okay， it's like。

 go against your fucking emotions， be positive， outgoing。 And again。

 there's no other way to get good at this shit。 Now， along the way as well。

You want to keep reinforcing this new reality Okay because you know。

 if you just finish watching the whole course now， you're just like， oh yeah。

 it's like it's probably very real and active in your mind。

 You know like this is something that I can do。 You know， I can go out。 I can co approachach women。

 You know， you don't fucking need all that superficial bullshit。

 You don't need to live up to social conditioning。 Any guy can do it。

But so you go back to your day to- day life。 and you know， the five people you hang out the most。

 you know， say at work， and you might be in finance or something， they don't know about this。

 and they are still bought into social conditioning。

If you just keep spending a lot of time with those five people， okay。

 there's that old selfhelp expression。 You are the average of the five people you hang out with the most。

 You're gonna slowly gravitate back into social conditioning。

 And these beliefs here are not going to seem as real anymore。 Okay。

 so what you want to do is you want to continuously reinforce that this is normal。 Okay。

 Col approach pickup ist some like magical， mythical thing。 It's not this little wacky thing。

 It's just normal。Okay， womenomen love sex。 This is what's up。 I can do this。 Okay。

 so some ways of doing this is getting people to go out with。 Okay， we call these wing men， okay can。

Try to tell some of your friends， if not， you know， try to maybe look online。 if you go on Facebook。

 there's all these groups that we created called In circle。 it's free groups， just search RSD。

 inner circle， whatever city you're in and you'll find people to go out with。

 I highly recommend it going out with someone it's like you can continuously bounce ideas off of each other。

 reinforce this new reality。 similar to when you're going out。

 It's like you overwhelmedhel the environment instead of being overwhelmed by the environment here。

 you and your wingman are overwhelming social conditioning instead of being overwhelmed back by social conditioning。

 and it also massivepy helps you just you know， give you that little extra nudge to break out of your comfort zone。

 it's like when you're there and you're like， I never brought a girl back home。 my God。

 my God I've never done this before， you can， of course， like gun to the head。

 barrel through your emotions。 But if you have your wingman here。

 it's kind like a spotter at the gym。 you can just help you go a little bit further。

 Okay so finds a fucking guy to go out with Okay now don't depend on him。 the way that I。

Recommend going about it is 80% of the time。 Go out with your wingman，20% go out alone。

 just to reinforce， like this is something that I can still do by myself。 Okay。

 I'm not like dependent on the wingman because then you don't have core confidence anymore。

 it's situational confidence。 but it's highly recommended。 Okay， And also， of course。

 if you can't find a wing man。 like you're in the middle of nowhere watching this， that's fine too。

 Okay， like back in the day。In Switzerland， when I found out about this， you know。

 I didn't really have that many wingmen。 or the ones that I did were not in necessarily way that good。

 How did I learn。 Okay， of course， by trying to find people to go out with。

 but also by watching videos online like watching this product here。

 if every time you go out So you spend your day with your finance friends and then you come home and before going out。

 you watch these videos here。 guess what I become like your little virtual internet wingman it's like who are the five people you have the most my friends at work Julian on my computer so it still has that same effect。

 so watch these videos， there's also free videos that I put online。

 if you go on YouTube do com Rd Julian or YouTube Julian free tour watch those as well because it keeps reinforcing this reality and when you watch the videos as well always link them back to your references。

 this is how you learn don't just go out and think that by going out， you're gonna get good。

 It's like I'm going。Out it's like you're going out。 you're taking action。 Okay， that too。

 like don't slack off when you're out。 You know， really take on the entrepreneur mindset。

 It's like you're investing four hours going out。 you can be doing a lot more things with those four hours。

 so if're like， you know what， I'm going out to talk to women for fucking four hours。

 make it worth it。 Every second fucking count。 like commit to it。

 treat every girls if it's like the last girl you're gonna talk to treat it like it's your last minute alive。

 without rushing。 remember， don't force it， let it rise， but really take action。

 and when you got as well， make sure that at the end of the night or day write down what happened and write down your lessons。

 Like replay it and link it back to the content， link it back to the theory。 don't be like。

 that was cool， It's like， okay， that was cool。 But how does this link back like which concept does it link to the qualification。

 Oh， the investment， Oh the open， you know， lowering my time of reaction。

 when you watch the videos as well。 when you rewatch this program。

Li it to your own reference experiences。 And that's how you really make it solid。 Okay。

 you link it together。 And the way that I personally recommend breaking it， you know， down， you know。

 when you go out is every single time you go out。 if you do those 30 minutes a day。

 always write down。3 memorable interactions。 Okay， like if you go out for 30 minutes's like the three girls you talk to or if you go out like an entire night。

 the three first girls that pop in your mind。 Okay， now， if you have trouble remembering these girls。

 train yourself to remember them。 Okay because if're just going out， it's like。

 it's so emotionally overwhelming。 It's kind of like this haze， that's fine at first。

 But with time you do want to remember it because otherwise， all those references。

 you won't be maximizing the value that you get from them。 Okay， so remember three memorable sets。

 write them down， write down exactly how they stood out。

 why they stood out and link them to the theory。 And then the second thing is write down three lessons that you learned。

 Okay， and by doing this， you'll also be able to kind of monitor。

Your own progress and see where you're going wrong。 You know。

 So you go out for a week and you keep writing down three lessons，3 lessons，3 lessons，3 lessons。

 And one is， you know， it kind of like the same or pops out a bit more like， oh。

 I'm not physical enough。 I'm still not physical。 Now you know what your stinging point is。 Okay。

 then you fix it。 And then a new lesson is gonna come up。 You're like， this one， How do I fix it。

 Oh okay， bang， okay so you can keep yourself moving forward that way。 Okay。

 highly fucking recommend it。 And ultimately， to， I mean， just assume that it's going to happen。

 Okay， like to get good， you really have to buy into this。 when I found out about this。 you know。

 I read the book the game。 I was like， oh my God， like。This here is real。 I can do this。

 It's gonna happen。 Enjoy the ride。 Okay， don't doubt yourself。 be like。

 you know what selected blind spot。 This is a belief that helps me。All out。

 don't stress that this is now who you are and take on these beliefs and overall。

 just realize that at this point， seeing all this content。

 if you go out and you get fucking references and you don't s off。

There really is no way that you can't get good。Until next time。

