# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：1、介绍【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is Julian from Real Social Dynamics and welcome to PIimp。Now。

 before we get into the bulk of this product， I just want to personally thank you for picking up a copy is this is literally going to change your fucking life。

 Okay， what you're about to learn over the course of this program is everything。

 and I really mean everything that I know in terms of cold approaching women。 Okay。

 like there is no little detail that's left out of it。 Everything is here。 It's a full brain dump。

 if like over seven years teaching this to people and just going out and applying it on a daily fucking basis broken down into a very easy to understand logical structure where even if you're a complete newbie。

 a complete retard， you are exactly going to know what game is and exactly how too fucking apply it。

 Okay， by the end of this program， you're still a little confused。 know。

 it's still a little bit bag give up Okay， it's not meant for you apply。

 you know all this time and focus on another air of your life。 Okay， you're not meant to be good。

 your genes are not meant to be passed。 it's all fucking here。

 Okay And this is coming from a guy who's been doing this for over seven years and to the point where right now。

 my life is the fucking game。 Okay like this is all that I do。 Okay。

 if you want a little glimpse into my life right now。

 I travel around every single week Okay to a new city oftentimes a new country and I teach this shit。

 I give seminars about it every single weekend。 I have clients coming in on personalized program where actually go out show them exactly how to do it and what to fucking do。

 I get them to do it， I break down every little know sticking point or every little problem the amount encounter everything that I read is about game everyone that I meet is about game。

 I'm always talking about game， I'm almost thinking about game。 every girl that I sleep with。

 I'm thinking， how does this apply to game， know， how does this apply to code approach Like my life right now is 100% the game。

 and I took all of this knowledge and just laid it out here for you so take fucking advantage of it。

And ultimately value it。 You know， like build fucking leverage。

 It's very easy when you watch these programs and not take it that seriously。 You're like， well。

 it was fun。 It was cool。 but what's next。 you know， like more little external stimulus It's like。

 no， build leverage。 know like this is it。 Take this shit and start applying it。

 this is what I did back in the day I just took boom like one fucking course like this little bulk of information and I went out and I started applying it until it became who I was until I internalized it。

 And then I moved on to the fucking next。 so do the same here and you will just be amazed with the fucking value do you get out of it。

 Okay so this is pimp now before we get into how you should go about this program here in terms of know which video to watch first。

 should you take notes or not， Should just like watch through it， watch a little bit and go out。

 let me just tell you a little bit about myself。 I was never like this。 You know。

 I always find it funny when guys are like， well， know， Julian was always a natural。 You know。

 you might see some of。Videos that have on YouTube where I'm like public speaking or some hidden camera footage。

 And you would think you know this guy， he's always been good with women。

 know he's always seems pretty extroverted， pretty extreme， but that was not always the case。

 if you look at me again seven years ago in 2007 and even before that you wouldn't recognize me I was the most stifled guy or stuck up guy you would ever fucking meet I didn't have core confidence。

 I had a few friends growing up。 I wasn't completely isolated。

 I wasn't necessarily like one of the hard case guys。

 but I was never like a popular kid my little clique of friends with them。

 I could pretty much open up， let loose let my personality kind of shine through but even then I was never like the main guy like all throughout growing up friends would begin like girlfriends if girls would come and talk to us usually wasn't like the hottest ones。

 of course， know， they'd always go to like maybe the main guy。

I have the group or the second main guy and it was never me and I was always like。

 well like what the fuck， you know maybe maybe it's my looks。

 know I went through you know changing out my looks like dying my hair a bit I was like you how the fuck can like don't these girls like see the real me know and I just couldn't put it out there I couldn't figure out why it was massively frustrating and this little pent on frustration would just you know transfer into every area of life。

 you know and you know family。Gatherings， you know， if you're there on holiday。

 like having a meal with like cousins， grandparents and all that。

 I would always be the guy who would just not even speak。 I was massively introverted， Maly quiet。

 I'd just be sitting at the table。 and， of course， if you're like a little quiet。

 people would always like be like， So what's up with you， You know。

 I kind like pick on the guy like quiet And I just couldn't talk。 I would like freeze。 I'm like，😊。

Nothing so I can just like eat and just wait for the fucking day to be over。 It was torture。 Okay。

 it was complete torture and the biggest frustration is like you do want to put it out and you know you have。

You know， something good to just express， but you just don't fucking know how。 Okay， so that was me。

 Okay， and and， you know， you just reach a point you kind of accept it。 You think like this is。

Who I'm meant to be throughout life， You know， and you just kind of embrace it that way。

 But all that shit is wrong。 Okay， you can actually change who you are。 You can actually expand。Okay。

 I've done it。 And with this program here， you will be able to do it as well。 Okay， And again。

 I started fucking low。 Okay， if right now， you're like， oh， I can't even talk to a girl。

 that was me。 Okay， I couldn't go out and talk to a girl in the beginning。 I。

 remember finding out about this。 I'm like， oh， this is amazing。 You know。

 you can actually take control over your life。 All you have to do is go out and fucking apply this shit on women。

 Awesome， And I remember going out and I was just scared out of my mind。 Like， I couldn't。

Talk to even like an old lady。 You know， you hear like， just start off a little slow。

Progressively desensitize yourself to this shit。 Just ask for the time。 I remember going out。

 This is like during the day。 I'd just go out and I was like， oh my God， okay， this is weird。

 make sure you don't have a watch。 make sure like she can't see have a cell phone。 know。

 she might say like， well， why don't you look at the fucking time on your phone And I'd walk around town like looking for someone to say hi to。

 And I was like， oh man that girls with these guys。 Oh my God， like just start with the old ladies。

 And even like an old grandmother。 Like I remember walking out of the grocery store。

 I was like too scared to even ask her for the time。 then I was like， well。

 maybe the time is like a little too extreme。 know， if you just stop someone and ask for the time。

 So I'm just gonna go and buy a newspaper。 You know， and I at the time。

 I didn't even read the fucking newspaper。 I'm just gonna buy a newspaper。

 And I'm gonna say nice weather isn't it。 like start just small talk。 you know just chit chat。

 And I remember I walked up to the newsstand。And it was next to the train station。 And。

 and I went up was like， oh。I was scared on my mind。 I' like newspaper。

 please kind like pointing at it。 And it was like this whole lady。 And she was like。

 know like loudspoken just because of her job。 And she's like， which one。

 And I was like just shoved in my head like oh my and I just gave her the money。

 didn't even wait for the fucking change to just bounce。 I couldn't even say nice weather。

 isn't it so I went from that you probably saw a few pictures of what I look like know in the sales page this video。

 I went from that guy there to who I am now people who I've known in my past like even family members like my uncles and ans like distant relatives even my childhood friends they don't even recognize me right now。

 so you can take this and you will get massive results with women。

 but you also just change who you are and just have an outlet to put yourself out there。

 you won't have to worry so much about the external circumstances's like well I feel comfortable in this situation like you can fucking control over your life。

 you're no longer a little leaf。Wd know and this is a lot of people， you know。

 if you walk outside and you just look around。You know， people are just like victims of circumstance。

 You know， it's like， well， I just have no control。 I'm just like in this little trance。 you know。

 that's what they are。 They're just walking in this trance。

 And that's a lot of what shapes who you are。 you know， up to now， of course。

 there's the whole debates， know nature versus nurture。

 But what you know what's like a big factor into determining who you are here the circumstances or situations or environments that you've been in up to now。

 well guess what， with this here， you know， learning this， having a deep understanding。

 though not only linking with women， but with success at life。

 you'll be able to take control over those external environments and place yourself in different situations that will ultimately benefit you you don't have to remain the same。

 You don't have to be like， oh I'm a little victim of circumstancesstance and just be sad and like wallow like depression like most people。

 you can go out。And take this。 Okay， so while watching this program， keep this in mind。 Okay。

 what one man can do， another man can do， No one is fucking different。 You have no excuses。 Okay。

 the only excuses are the ones you're gonna to impose upon yourself。

 and you're gonna learn how to barrel through that shit。 you want this。 go and fucking take it。 Okay。

 like build that motivation。 Okay， when you're watching this program， of course， Ab the information。

 But just ask yourself， like how bad do you want this。 Okay， this is now part of your life。

 This is now part of who you are。 It's just something that you fucking do， Okay。

 step out of the victim depressedpress mentality。 grow into fucking abundance。 Okay。

 and ultimately just change your perception on things。 like just。Your view of the world。

 It's all fucking subjective。 Okay， just change。 Okay。

 and this is the main thing that I want to get out of this。 Okay， on top of， you know。

 fucking a lot of bitches。 So if you're anything like me， you know， back in the day before， really。

 you know， jumping in to this shit here。 You probably have a lot of clutter in your mind right now in terms of what attracts women。

 Okay you might be thinking， you know what， I saw in the movies that you know， you got to be like。

 you know， Ryan gosling and crazy， stupid love， you know， you got to be very chic， you know。

 very slick， well dressed， woke groom， martini glass and hand， you know， just very。

 very slick and just walk out and be like。Hello， ladies。 You know like that。 So gets the girl。

 You may think that， you know， you're gonna win women over through romance。 You know。

 it's like running after the taxiicab before she leaves town。 you're like yelling her down。

 and you show her just how much you fucking like her。 You have the flowers in hand。 And she's like。

 wow， like the romance。 Oh my God， and just loves you for it。 you may think you know。

 you need to take women out to nice restaurants。 we call this supplicating as a little sign notes where you act a certain way that you wouldn't normally act in order to get something in return。

 Okay， in order to get the girl to like you。 it's kind of a little， you know， manipulative。

 it's not good。 Okay， like don't do that。 you may think， you know， you got to be somewhat of a。

 you know， like a player like the movie hitch。 know， you got to be like hitch。 You know。

 you got to impress the girl。 you got to do all this stuff to get women and a lot of this little fucking clutter is fucking wrong。

 Okay， it's not accurate。 Okay you probably get it from the media， you， like movies songs。

And this is what we call social conditioning。 Okay， now， what is that， Basically in life。

 there are two ways。Of learning， okay， there's firsthand experience and secondhand experience。

 Firsthand is you actually doing it。 you know， like say you you're in the kitchen and you burn yourself。

 you're like， oh shit。 Maybe I shouldn't place my hand there again because I'll get burned So you learn through your own experience and secondhand experience would come from。

 you know， say society。 if a lot of people believe in something in the very certain。

 you will most likely believe it as well。 Okay and a lot of social conditioning is just on point。

 you know， for example， it's like don't jump out of a plane or don't jump off a building because you're die。

 like you didn't experience it。 you know you're gonna fucking die。 You know it's bad。

 Okay so you buy into that and that's good。 But in terms of what gets women like what is at the cause of attraction and ultimately female psychology and what determines if you're an attractive sexworthy guy or not。

 a lot of that is just wrong。 like what society says is like you know what， supplicate， you know。

 like follow home。 it's just bullshit。 and it's important that you just。Take a step back。 Okay。

 and start getting references of experiencing this firsthand and not buying into that little illusion。

 Okay， so what are some of the beliefs or ideals that society imposes on you in terms of getting women。

 some of the main ones。 You know， you might even still be buying into these beliefs right now is that guys who are good looking or guys who have a lot of money they're the ones who get the hottest girl。

You know， if you're not good looking， if you don't a lot of money。

 you're not gonna get your selection in women。 And if you want to get fucking girls。

 you need to go out， get a fucking good job。 make the big bucks， make the fucking millions。

 get some plastic surgery done。 And then you're gonna to get the girls。 all that is wrong。

 what's another one， you know， you need to impress the girl。 Okay， you need to do all these favors。

 You know， if you see her out in a bar or a nightclub。 You may want to buy her a drink。 You know。

 not just her drink buy it for her friends as well。 You know。

 show youre just a very caring guy and you know， just really try to impress her。 you know。

 tell her about your accomplishments。 You know， tell her that oh， I have a very nice car。 You know。

 I do all this。 And when she sees just how cool you are or just how hard you're working for it。

 she'll reward you and ultimately you'll get the girl。 all that is wrong as well。 Another belief。

 you know is like， you know what， I got to be。You know， very。

 very careful when I'm around that girl that I like， you know and monitor the way that I come off。

 you know， I can't be too out there because if I make any mistakes， it will upset her。

 and it will just not work。 You know， And when you're around her， you're just very in your head。

 You're like， oh must am I by doing this right I better not say that joke and you just fucking hold back thinking that that is going to please the girl。

 it's like just keep things very， very chill， very smooth。

 well guess what that's pretty boring for a lot of girls。 Okay so that there is wrong is well。

 what's another one， You know， the belief that love is scarce。 Okay， it's very， very scarce。

 And you only have one soulmate， And when you find that soulmate， you better not fuck it up。

 so when you see that girl and you're just dreaming of or you're like， oh my God， Sally， oh my God。

 you can't fuck it up， you have to play it safe。 you have to strategize about how you're gonna go and get this girl。

 and it takes a lot of time。 it's very， very scarce。 That is。Wron as well。 Okay， What's another one。

 You know， if you see a woman in like an argument or maybe being hit on by by some player， dude。

 you may want to step in and save her。 You know， women love the white night。 you know。

 so go and save the Tasel in distress。 Okay， that there is wrong as well。 Okay。

 there's all these little beliefs that a lot of guys just fucking by into and that little clutter again。

Distracts you from the truth。And we're going to get into that in female psychology。 Okay。

 I'm going to rewire your fucking brain so you know exactly what causes attraction， but step one is。

Take a step back from all that bullshit。 Okay， if you buy into that。

 you're creating an underlying context where the girl。Is on the pedestal。

 You're placing her way above you。 And if you're going up and you're like， you know what。

 I like you so much， it would be the same as if a girl you're just not attracted to comes up who thinks。

 you know， you're way above her。 And she's like， I like you so much。 You know， like。

 no one really wants to。Go down with that persons like， you know， you always want to move up。

 So it's just not gonna work。 you know， if you're trying to impress her， she's gonna be like。

 oh like he's trying a little too hard， a little you know harder than I am。

 he's making this to a big deal， it's a little serious to him。

 probably no or you know she'll just keep keep you there to just get all the fucking favors get the meals。

 you know the free drinks， categorize you what we call the provider and just not sleep with you the frame you want to generally come from is just no judgment and this is a big one to women love sex。

 Okay it's like， oh， if she doesn't you know， if she just sleeps with me and she doesn't make me wait。

 or making me work for it， she's a slut。 that is wrong as well。

 so step out of this bullshit rewire your brain， be openmined coming out this program and again。

 you'll be amazed by the results you're going to get so as I previously just mentioned the way that this is broken down is there are three modules there's female psychology。

 which is。to be the next video you're gonna click on where I talk about what attraction really is and how women really think and again。

 kind of debunk all of this bullshit， all of this clutter。

 all of these socially conditioned beliefs that hold you back。 Okay。

 so come open mindded and start taking on Okay， this new view of fucking reality。

 Then in the second module， I talk about inner game。 Okay， and this is the。Vbe that you put off。

 You know， you may see some guy walk up to a girl and just be like。

 hey how's it going and he's not even saying anything， you know， special。

 There is no techniques involved。 but the girl reacts very differently than say if you go up。

 youre like he how's it going know， she just doesn't react the same。 It's like。

 what's the difference there And it's in that vibe that aura that he just puts off。

 it sounds a little you know， like wish you watch like hipie aura。

 know the energy magnetic field But guess what， this is something that is very real and that is subcomicated in the behavioral cues that you put off。

 Okay， similar to say， you know， say you around a friend who's just very， very stressed or mad， know。

 upset。 He doesn't necessarily have to verbally tell you that he's upset。

 you can just feel that energy off of him。 Okay so I break exactly what that aura or energy is in a very logical way。

 and I'll teach you exactly how to naturally summon it on a consistent basis。 so that's the。Module。

 In game。 And then the third module is outer game。 Okay so the foundation is the inner game。

 It's the aura， but don't assume that every girl is going to naturally just see it。

 You do still have to create those opportunities for her to see that you're what I like to call sexworth and this is the outer game side of things。

 it's the structure that you build upon that foundation。 It's the more technical side of things。

 know how to just go up to any fucking girl deal with all of the maddness that's thrown you know in your face。

 how to make her feel comfortable going home with you how to you know just give glimpses。

 bring your into reality and just really experience you And when you just combine the three。

 you really will be fucking unstoppable。 Okay so the way that recommend going about this program is for the very first time。

 just watch through it。Okay，The way that it's structured again， it very， very logical step by step。

 it just builds on itself。 So don't try to skip ahead。 You know。

 if you're in this maybe for some time now， you're like， oh， you know。

 my sticking point might be qualification。 So I'm just gonna jump to the vibing section and just watch the qualification part。

 No， you'll still get value doing that。 but everything is intertwined。 Okay。

 I start off with just laying the basics and then I just build and build and build and every little segment is calling back to a previous segment。

 Okay just build that way till at the end， you just get the final click。

 So watch through it at least for the first time in the order。

 that it is ultimately designed to be watched And so just go through it and then once you go through it。

 you can go back to maybe some of the sections that you resonate with more in terms of what you're working on right now and go more in depth there。

 as a first watch， go through it， openminded and of course， go out and then start applying this。

This program here is something you should just watch over and over and over again and really internalize every little detail。

 But in order to do so， you do so have to take action。 Okay， remember， firsthand experience。

 secondhand experience。 by watching this， you'll understand。Everything that there is to know。 Okay。

 like you'll know， this is what cold approach is。 But in order to really make it who you are。 Okay。

 you're never ever going to believe something as much as if you experience it yourself。 Okay。

 so take the information and then go out。 know， start talking to women and you're gonna get those little aha moments。

 You're like， oh， that was like what Julian said in the product。

 click and then the more clicks you get， the more it just becomes who you fucking are。

 so this here is like the map。 Okay， take it and just start digesting all the fucking information。

 have fun with it。 Okay and again， the main focus of this product is cold approach pick up。

 but this here should be that one thing that you're constantly focusing on。 Okay too many people。

 And I see this all the time just dabble around。 know， if you take say meeting women。

 is your little reality here， there's all these different things you want to accomplish。 you know。

 maybe you you're coming at this because there's a girl in your social circle you want to get。

 maybe there's a girl at your work you want to get。You know。

Maybe you want to learn more about like success in life or in general。

 And there's all these different aspects。 But the one thing that I'd highly recommend solely focusing on。

 at least for。You know， a good period of fucking time is cold approach， Pick。 Okay。

 going out and talking to strangers。 why， because if you just focus on that one thing。

 it's going to affect all of the others。 Okay， it's that one area where you're gonna get the most return on your emotional and time investment。

 Okay， if you're going out and you're constantly just cold approaching women。It's， first of all。

 it's pretty fucking tough， but it's fun。 You know， it's like challenging。

 It' you get that adrenaline rush。 But what are you gonna learn by it。

 you're gonna learn how to you know， just vibe with people， how to shoot the shit， how to have fun。

 Okay that'll transfer into your social circle， It'll transfer into your work life， You know。

 just mingling around， you know， understanding social cues， understanding people， know。

 understanding what makes sense， know like what goes at what time and like how to say it。

 when to say it how to just really become the center of fucking attention。 You， be that main guy。

 Okay， you're also gonna learn a lot about， you know， just you know， willpower， know。

 when you go out and you're scared to talk to that girl， you're like， how to break through it。

 how to take fucking right action， how to build those emotional muscles。 Okay， that'll transfer。

 guess what into your job as well into success at life， know when you're like tired like。

 should I do that fucking assignment， fucking do it， Okay it'll force you to just move forward。

 It'll also affect。Your social circle。 You know， it's like by going out and internalizing this through tons of references。

 you know， again， cold approaching strangers， the internal changes。

 Okay theyre just going to seep in will then transfer into your day to day life。 You know。

 when you're talking to that girl。 you want to get。

 You will just start naturally becoming attractive。 you're naturally gonna draw her in。 you know。

 if you get into this， you'll probably get into health。

 You'll probably get into things like meditation。 You'll probably get into things like self helpp。

 You know， you realize that man， I could be a better person that I am here today。 You know。

 I can actually grow， I can expand。 Okay， I can put myself in these situations， expand。

 So you'll get curious about that。 And just by focusing on cold approach pickup again。

 like your life will fucking change。 Okay so that's my take on it， highly recommend you follow it。

 Okay， so after this video， click on female psychology， go through it all and enjoy。

