# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：8、肢体接触【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So why should you be physical。 Okay， You hear all this theory Like， you know。

 you just gotta yank that bitch。 You know， you got to grab her。

 You got to demonstrate your masculinity。 You know， you got to show her whose boss。

 This is what makes her want to fuck you if you're not physical that is bad。 Okay， be physical。

 be physical， be physical。 Now， when I ask this to someone， You know， like。

 why should you be physical， the typical responses that I get are something along the lines of。

 you know， well， to be man to a woman。 I'm going be physical to establish。

 You know that I'm a guy and she's about to get fucked。 You know。

 like becoming that sexual threat if you will。 Another answer could be well。

 to establish physical connection。😡，Another example is like， well， because girls like it。 You know。

 it's kind of like leading to sex。 you know， slowly escalating the interaction to which I respond wrong。

 Okay， basically， what all these answers have in common。 You know， like with each of them。

 You're trying to accomplish something。 You know it's like， I'm trying to accomplish man to woman。

 I'm trying to accomplish physical compatibility， I'm trying to do something。

 You know it's like you're going up to the girl， you're talking， you're like， okay。

 I have to be physical now to do this， deploy physical move。 Just she like me now。

 did this accomplish man to woman and this is the worst frame to be coming from when you're being physical。

 Okay， basically， the answer to this question， Why should you be physical is because you want to。

 Okay， That is it。 Physicality is just a form of expression。 You know。

 just being clear in your intentions。 You know， thoughts where actions aligned， You know。

 you see a hot girl， Why wouldn't you want to touch her。 it shouldn't be to like。😊。

Accomplish something with that little outcome in mind， you know， following your little agenda。

 it's just like， oh， hot girl。 Of course， I want to touch her。 Okay， if you have a hot。

 fucking model in front of you say she's like， naked， she's like， look。You can touch me。

Are you not going want to touch her or You can be like。I that no things I'm good。

 You be like fuck you like touching her all over because it's like that just that expression of your masculinity。

 Okay， that is the only reason。 Okay， you're not being physical to accomplish anything。

 you're being physical because you want to Okay， now， coming from that frame of mind， Yes。

 it is going to accomplish a lot of things。 Okay， it is going to accomplish man to woman。

 we discussed before。 You know， laser eye contact break and report Phity。 Okay。

 if it's a little friend of hers or some guy who's trying to be a little orbiter he's not going to necessarily be that physical。

 but you can't be thinking that。 okay， if you are， she's just going to sense it's not genuine。

 it's not going to be very flowing， it's going be very calculated and she's gonna to sense that there is an outcome in mind。

 Okay， so why be physical because you want to。 Now， when should you be physical。Basically。

 from the very start of the interaction。 Okay， why， why not？ Okay。

 if there's a hog girl again that naked model in front of you， She's like， look， you can touch me。

 I can be like， really， you know what。Wait， wait， Let me wait five minutes before touching you。 No。

 you're just gonna jump on it。 right think're like， oh， fuck yeah I want to touch you。 Okay。

 and you're just gonna go for it then and there。 So from the very start。

 from the moment you just walk up to the girl。You're just gonna be physical because that's just who you are。

 Okay， it also sets the frame of the interaction。 Remember， the longer you wait。

 the more awkward it's going to be。 if I wake up to a girl and I have my hands in my pocket and I start talking and talking and talking and then 20 minutes in。

 I'm like time to be physical。 and I'm like。Like that on her shoulder。 She's gonna fucking freak out。

 She like， whoa， that wasn't part of the fucking deal。 So it's like from the start。 Okay。

 now if you go in and you start talking to a girl And again， you have your hands in your pocket。

 And then you're like 20 minutes and oh shit。 I'm not physical。

 I didn't set the frame from the start。 Don't freak out。 Okay。

 like an easy way to kind of transition out of that It's just hugging the girl。 Okay。

 that's kind of like my go to if that ever happens to me。 I'll just be talking to her I'm like， man。

 I should be a little bit more physical。 But I don't want to transition out of this。

 you know frame to abruptly。 So I'll just be like， you know what。Are you from， you know。

 wherever she's from here， I'm recording this in Los Angeles。 So I could be like， oh。

 are you from L A。 And she's like， yeah。Awesome， I love you。 Hug。 Are you from L A。 No， thank God。

 hug。 Okay， just any dumb little reason to hug her。

 What's cool of the hug is that it's very friendly。 You know。

 like people just like hug each other all the time。 But at the same time。

 your bodies are basically against each other。 And it's kind of like it's like a very neutral way of being very physical after the hug。

 you know， like touching your shoulder， shaking her hand you know， pushing her back forth。

 it's not that extreme in comparison。 So that's like an easy way to kind of grease your way out of that frame。

 If you haven't established it from the start。 But as a general rule off the bat。 Okay。

 from the moment you say hi。 Try to make it like a reflex or habit， if you will。

 of shaking every girl's hand。 Okay， it's pretty rare that I talk to a girl or open a girl without shaking her hand。

 You know， like the best way of opening。 this is my most common way is I just walk up tap， tap。

 I just tap on the shoulder。😊，Hey， what's up？And I just put my hand out。

 Can I just shake her hand as simple as that。 It just like， who establish the frame from the start。

 We are now physical。 It's not like， hey， what's up。It's like， hey， okay。

 now when you shake your hand as well， try to do like a 90 degree angle。

 Don't just like like reach an in face。 Don't try to grab her hand。 just like， hey。

 and you kind of like， wait for her to。You know， cr your hand and also invest a bit in the interaction。

 Okay but when should you be physical from the very start， why， why fucking wait。 Now。

 another important concept when it comes to physicality。

 is that verbal game and physical game operate on simultaneous， yet separate wavelengths。 Now。

 what does this mean， Okay， basically in an interaction， there is the verbal wavelength。

 you know which are like the words that you're saying you talking to the girl， you know。

 like talking， talking， talking， talking， talking， you know， like all throughout the interaction。

 and there is the physical wavelength， You know， which is you basically touching the girl and being physical。

 Okay like touching， touching， touching， touching， touching all throughout the interaction， Now。

 the mistake that a lot of guys make is that they think that it's either or you know。

 it's like you're either talking， talking， talking， physical， physical， physical， talking， talking。

 talking， physical， physical physical， which is wrong。 Okay， what does that look like。

 You go up to the girl。 You're like， hey， what's up， I'm Julian， Oh， cool， your name Sarah。

 That's really cool。Anyway， where are you from， oh you live in LA， I like that。Ohh。

 blah bh blah blah， blah。Okay， talking or physical， wrong。 The other mistake。

And said they think that it's， you know， like intertwined。 You know it's like。

 I'm talking and being physical。 it's just one wavelength。 Okay， And what does that look like。

 Oh hey， what's up， I'm Julian，'s it going， What's your name， Oh， Sarah， that's awesome。

 You know what， look， I'm touching your shoulder right now。

 Do you like it I'm touching your shoulder。 I'm hugging you right now。 Look， I'm taking your hands。

 Look， we're being physical。 So are you from L A， look， we're being physical again。

 so it's basically talking about being physical that there is wrong as well。

 What is the right way of doing it， basically again， simultaneous yet， separate wavelengths。

 Okay you don't have to be talking about being physical and you don't have to be quiet when you're physical。

 And what does that look like， Basically，y， what's up， I'm Julian， what's your name， Oh cool， Sarah。

 that's a really cool name。 Are you from like L， Oh， I love that。 You know like politics。 Yeah。

 I love politics and everything about politics， so you don't have to acknowledge the fact you're basically being physical。

 now of course， you can if you want， You don't take this like， oh my God。

 I can never talk about being physical， but is a general rule。😊，Keep talking。

 That's like one wavelength。 and then the physical is another wavelength that happened simultaneously。

 Now， when being physical， don't forget what your intentions are。 Okay， like why are you there。

 You're there to get the girl Okay you're not there to succeed， for example。

 your physical move or succeed at being physical and I see this every once in a while where I'm like。

 know what Go in like shake the girl's hand Okay and the client will like walk up to a girl Hey what's up。

 How's it going， he puts his hand out and the girl just looks at him。 She's like。And he's like。

Shake it。Yeah shake the hand， shake the hand， and he's like obsessed with again。

 accomplishing the shake my hand physical move， if you will， okay。

 or if you're trying to like spin the girl， it's like。Spin spin and if she doesn't spin。

 they just freak out， they think that they're rejected as like oh I fucked up and they just like walk off and they lose track again of the bigger picture。

 okay， basically view it like this。Can you you know。

 pull a girl or fuck a girl or make her your girlfriend， if you will。

 without shaking her hand in the initial interaction？The answer is yes。

 Can you pull fuck or make her your girlfriends while shaking her hand in the initial interaction。

 The answer is also yes。 So ultimately shaking her hand is irrelevant。

 And this applies for all forms of physicality。 Okay。

 you don't need to accomplish whatever move you set out to do。

 You know if you're going for the kiss even。 You know， I hear this。 Like， you have to kiss the girl。

 before you bring her home where if you you know， before you sleep with her， you have to kiss her。

 And the answer is no， okay， like a lot of girls funny enough。

 won't kiss you And the initial interaction， They will kiss you when they're isolated。 You know。

 there's like， not that， you know， pressure of like maybe your friends like judging her and like。

 what a slut for kissing that guy。 But a lot actually won't in the initial interaction。

 And there's nothing wrong with that。 Okay， again， kissing the girl is a form of physical expression。

 It's not to accomplish anything。 It's not like a stepping stone towards sex。 Okay。

 the way I view a kiss is like a high five。 when guys are like， but you didn't kiss her It's like。

 oh， okay， do I have to kiss or， do I have to high five or to fuck her。Fuck no， okay。

 the kiss is irrelevant。 You're not there to shake her hand。 You're not there to spin her。

 You're not there to kiss her。 You are there to fuck her。 Okay， focus on the bigger picture。

 And remember as well， that to be man to woman。 Okay， to be again， that sexual threat。

 which is's like， oh， shit。 Here's the guy who's gonna fuck me。 you know， like， oh my God。

 heres that guy， you don't need to be physical either。 Okay， it's on these subcommunications。 Okay。

 now of course， it amplifies it by being physical。 but you don't have to。

 So if you don't get the kiss， as long as it's man to woman。😡，Good enough。

 One last thing if you do go for the kiss is just make sure you don't become like the makeout guy。

 Okay， I see this a lot as well。 Guys go in and then get the kiss and thenre like， oh shit。

 I got the kiss。 make out， make out， make out， make out， make out， make out。

 And they just keep on making out for hours on end。 Okay， that is bad。 do not do that。 Okay。

 basically， first of all， if you're just like making out， making out， making out， making out。

 you're not moving on towards sex。 Okay， you just are stuck on the make out。 Secondly。

 you're giving the girl all the validation she needs。 You know， it just becomes very boring。

 It's like you make out for six hours， and you're like， look， let's go fuck。 She's like。

 I'm all good。 I had enough with the makeup。 You know。

 it's like if you bring a girl home and you're like fucking finger her for hours on end。

 And then you want to fuck her。 She's like， look， I already came。I don't want to fuck you now。

 So don't become like that guy's just like sitting in the corner。 just like needing the make。 Okay。

 a make again， form of expression。 If I kiss a girl， I'll her for a little bit。

 and then I'll move back and I'll just keep the interaction going。 Okay。

 I'm not attached to that validation。 And I don't think that that is the end of the road。

 Okay sex is the end。 It's not the little kiss。 Okay， so if you do kiss her。

 kiss her a little bit and usually be like the first to pull off。 now it being man's woman as well。

 never feel like you need to justify your intentions or justify， you know， being physical。

 Okay as we discuss with opening， it's like you walk up， you're like yup， this is me。 Okay， yup。

 I'm a guy who's physical。 It's not like， oh， there's something there on your shoulder。

 so you can like touch her shoulder Oh， palm reading。 Do you like that。Touching your hand。

 You don't need to do that。 It's like yup， I'm touching you because I'm a guy。 You're a girl。

 This is what's up。 De with it。 get used to it。 Okay don't justify it。

 And also don't feel the need to build up to being physical I'll see this as well。

 if I'm with a client I'll come up I like listen， grab her head right now and fucking kiss her。

 the guy like give me five minutes， give me five minutes no。

 do it now remember girls living the emotion of the moment， you don't need to like build it up。

 It's like do it and then like usually again， maybe logically it won't make sense because you can be talking about politics and make out。

 but she's looking at emotional roller coaster and she'll usually go along with it Now it is possible that by doing that。

 you do go over the top and this is another important point is like never be afraid of that remember the three steps if you do step back statement of empathy。

 quickly change the topic。 know， wash and repeat。 and ultimately just kind of like practice calibrating after the fact。

 know， practice getting away with it because that's what's gonna give you the confidence。

 So just you putting yourself out there not feeling so。Stifled okay。

 and ultimately to like say you go in for a kiss， you're like bangang and she's like， whoa， no。

And you take that step back like， listen， I was just fucking around anyway。

 you from LA and she says you're just unfazed and that you're not all sad about it。 you know， like。

 oh， but I wanted to kiss。 you know， attached to that outcome。 He's like， oh。

 bigger your picture and you just keep on going。 What does it communicate to the girl。 She's like。

 oh shit。 Like first of all， this guy's not attached any outcome。 He's not needing any validation。

 He's not needing the kiss， he wants it， but he doesn't need it。 it didn't affect him when I just。

 you know， refuse to kiss him。 And secondly， because you went in with such certainty。 because again。

 you know how to calibrate after it communicates that you probably have a lot of success doing that in the past with other girls。

 which kind of amps up like your social proof。 She's like， oh shit if other girls like this guy。

 I should probably like him too， so don't justify being physical， don't build up to it。 You do it。

 This is who you are。 Now as a trading wheel。 I'm gonna give you six physical moves。

 Basically six moves you can go out and just kind of like practice and play around with to internalize everything that we covered in。

This segment here because it's pretty common， especially on program that I go up to a client and I'm like。

 be physical and what's the reflex？Shoulder touch， you know， and they just don't know how。 okay。

 now these moves here， you don't have to rely on them all the time。 Okay。

 what's the best form of physicality， whatever you feel like doing， Okay。

 like that form of expression， But if you're not used to being physical。

 kind of play around with these right here。 Okay now you can execute them in the order that I give them to now or just kind of like mix and match。

 you know， and just kind of experiment around， Okay。

 you want to start developing that feel of like what the right amount of physicality is。

 what is too much， what isn't enough， how to make it work， how to talk about being physical。

 So this here is your basic training wheels。 So the first move。Is the spin handshake。 Okay。

 this is the old school classic pickup move。 Okay， you can probably actually recognize who knows about this whole。

 you know little pickup getting women world by who spinning girls。 You know。

 if you go in venue and you see a lot of guys just like spinning all these girls。 You're like。

 they in on it。 But it is a great move nonetheless。 Okay。

 basically go up to the girl and remember tap tap Handshake。

 And then what you do is you just spin the girl。 Okay。

 and you do that by moving your arm to the right。 Okay， don't go to the left。 to the right。

 It's just an easy way to spice it up。 know， instead of the regular handshake。

 youll always hear her kind of like giggle like， oh， my God， And then you just keep on talking。

 Remember as well， you don't just spinner and just be quiet。 Like， do you like it。

 It's like you spin form expression and you keep on going。 Okay， we call that the spin handshake。

 That's number one。 The second one is the hand clasp。 Now what is that。

 it's basically when your hand in her hand intertwine。 Okay， you can do this while you're talking。

 you just grab her hands。😊，Bring them up， intertwine。 Okay， then you can like pull her in。

 push her out， you know， bring the hands down， bring them up all the while while talking。 Okay。

 you're not just quite like like that。 Now， you can just grab her hands when you do this or a smoother way of doing it。

 It's kind of like sliding down her arm here。 Like if her hands are out。 You just slide down。

Bring your hands up and grab them。 Okay， hoot bang。 Okay， that is what you call the hands clasp。

 So you could actually just stack this up and go up to a girl like， hey， what's up。 Oh。

 nice to meet you。 cool， You know what， give me your hands。 Anyway， what's your name。😊，Okay。

 and you kind of play along with it that way。 The third move is the spin hug。 Okay。

 that's basically when you hug the girl。 you put your arms around her waist here。

 you pick her up a little bit， spinner set her down。 Now you don't need to do a 180 or 360。

 Don't worry， just get her in the air a little bit and set her down。 If she's light。

 you can pick her up right here。 if she's heavier put your arms beneath her ass。

 keep your back straight when doing it and ultimately that'll like really spice things up like little de girls like oh my God。

 it likes just giggling it' the shit。 Okay the spin hug。Number four is the Walt stance， okay。

 where basically you're talking to a girl and you're like， you know what？One hand on the waist。

 take her arm。And to start wall dancing it as you're talking。

 you can get in very close and just whisper in your ear and you don't need to go like really fast if the music like。

You don't need to be like。Okay， like make it more like just romantic and slow you can do this on the street as well like I actually love doing this if a girl's like walking down the street。

 boom high five transition into the walled stands and starts dancing with her so that's number four。

Number five is the neck bite。 Okay， that's when you're basically just talking to and you just。

Go in for the neck Okay now when I say bite， I don't mean rip her artery out。 Okay。

 just give her like a strong kiss with maybe like a little teeth。 And this is also a great move。

 if you're going in for the kiss and she turns her head。 go in for the neck bite And lastly。

 number six， This is what I call the eyes， close kiss so three words。

 eyes close kiss where you basically just tell her close your eyes， close your eyes。

 usually girls will be like what why you're like， no， just trust me， just one second。

 I just want to show you something close your eyes real fast。 She closes your eyes。

 bang you go for the kiss。 Now oftentimes there， girls will just like laugh like oh my god and just giggle okay。

 you're not gonna get the full makeout。 but that's fine。 Okay， again， it's just like a little poke。

 a little push， a playful physical move。 Okay and you can just really stack these spin handshake。

 hand clasp boom spin hug Wal stands， neck bite， close your eyes kiss。 Okay。

 so play around with these right here。 Come up with your own and what you'll notice to funny enough of these moves here。

 is that。😊，Following again， the T of the night and the girls's bind temperature。

 you'll probably get away with more of the first four moves in the first half of the night and then get away with more of like the neck bite and the eyes close kiss in the second half when her download bar is higher but don't be afraid of using it in the first half either because if you do go too far practice the three steps。

 The last thing that would say in terms of being physical and the way that it should look in an interaction is not so much like agendabased。

 like when you hear all this theory， don't be like， okay， I'm just going go up。

 and I'm gonna be physical and I'm going to escalate there's a lot of fixation on this escalation where you just go up and you shake her hand first。

 then you touch her arm， then you hug her， then you bite her neck， then you kiss her。

 then you finger her， then you fuck her you like baby step it that way and I don't really like coming from that frame of mind there。

 yes， you do escalate but usually time kind of does the work for you。

 but don't worry so much about I'm doing this then what's next and what's next and what's next because。

That's like very agenda based and it doesn't really mesh with a girl's reality。

 especially when she's out when again， she just wants to have fun and you know relax So the way that I view it and this is the best kind of description of what physicality looks like is that you got to the girl。

You start talking， you know， you're doing your thing。 you know， you boom， set the rhythm。

 you get her to react to you。 and it's kind of like these little bursts。 You know， it's like。

 oh cool， that's really fun。 bang， like a little touch。 You know， oh cool， a hug。 Oh， a spin。 okay。

 oh， a neck bite。 but it's always kind of like back and forth。 Okay。

 like the interaction can breathe。 I'm not like neck bite kiss。😊，Finger okay， it's like no。

 it's like back forth， pressure on pressure off。 Okay， And also。

 there is no like needing to escalate。 You don't need again， to be physical。

 You don't need to get to the neck bite or the kiss。 Okay， it's like。

 you just doing in whatever order you want to do。 You can go for the neck bite。

 Then you can shake your hand。 It doesn't matter。 you know， as long as you're leading。

 It's kind of like just me doing my thing bursts burst burst bursts bursts。 And of course。

 you have to be acting through the four pillars。 You know， like when you're being physical。

 It's purposeful。 It's also controlled。 You're like way too fast and creeping girls out。

 It's nice and flowing。 it's very comfortable you know。

 positively assumed and you're not trying to accomplish anything yourself am music。

 you're not attached to any outcome your actions pump you up。 leave your friends。

They won't leave without you， trust me。Don't embarrass me though。

 okay how I embar youwilight I think it's like us。And don't forget the important role that eye contact plays in this as well。

 you know， when you're being physical， if you have that nice， steady kind of like soothing stare。

 you'll get away with a lot more。 Okay， when I'm being physical， I'm not like looking away。

 I'm kind of like。It's okay， I'm on top of my shit。 I know what I'm doing。It's okay， okay。

 like just very relaxed， calm。You know， and steady as there been a little bit more aggressive physically。

