# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：22.白天游戏【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So the last section I thought I'd add， you know on top of this all is day game。 Okay。

 how to cold approach women during the day。 So we covered the tempo of the night。

 the three parts of the night， you know part one， you go out。

 you start getting yourself into that sexworthy vibe。 know， you grow into the four pillars。

 being purposeful， controlled， flowing self-ammused。

 you build the massive reservoir you know fun and abundance。

 you collect leads where you're dayting women for later on that night。

 you know part2 where it's time to commit to a girl then you start having those longer interactions。

 you start going for plan A or plan B， and if that doesn't work， there's always part3。

 which is you know at the very end when the buying temperature of the download bar is very high and it's kind of like that free for all as people are just piling out of the venue ready to go home with someone and you want to be that last di standing。

 But what about day game。 know like now the sun is in the sky。 know， there's a lot more light。

 know can feel like。😊，ve different environments， but contrary to what you may think a lot of the principles are exactly the same okay there isn't much of a difference at all that little voice inside your head that's like you know what。

 it's just very different during the day people don't like to get picked up and cold approach during the day is wrong okay so let's get into it What are some of the differences。

Loudder and explain， They'll be stimulant。 It's like stimulant。 What does that mean。

And the night as far as 19 concerned， women they go out and more so。こな。

They're actually possibly looking to be closed as far as they came is concerned。

 they're more so operating from a logistical standpoint in which they're coming from work and when to work or taking care of being jailing business or whatever。

True， yeah， instead of being like， fun， fun， fun。 The girl might be walking down the street。

 She's like， damn it。 I'm almost 30。 I'm still alone。 I'm getting old。 I'm past my prime。

 Where's my life going。 I didn't get the promotion I want。 I keep getting fucked over by young guys。

 Fo， my pusy is getting all gross and scratch shit。 My life's fuck。 Hey， what's up。

 it's a little different。 What else？ Any。Buildilly momentum， a little tougher。

Everybody sees me you get blown out。 What else。you get。NYPD。It's not necessarily socially acceptable。

Yeah， yeah。 not many people do it at all。 There's overwhelming You can't hide in the music。

 You can't hide in the dance floor。 not as muchon Yep， exactly。

 over it may be a little bit more difficult to kind of get in that more playful。

 like fun loving vibe， whereas at nighttime kind of more emotion creates emotion type stuff。

I just say diversityity， I mean， when you go and sense you get married or you go the boyfriend's went her。

Whereas at nighttime， they're likely to find single。To that， actually， I'd say the opposite。

 but possibly。Yeah， to gohu。Okay。Uly like they're on your routine。 Your I is' not on。Yep。

 value points。 O， so I'll give you my little breakdown of a day game。Valid points， valid points。

 little guys， valid points。 All right， so the first thing I would say a day game。

 And this is how I view it。😊，There is no difference at all。Everything you said is wrong。

 Everything you said is bullshit。 Everything you said is the most pathetic thing I've ever heard。

 There is no difference。 The only difference is that during the day。

 the sun is up there and at night， the sun is down there。 Now， is this true。😊，Is this 100% true。No。

 okay， of course， there are gonna be some differences。 Okay， I'm just fucking joking。

 but what is that viewpoint， There is no difference。 It's what we call a selected blind spots。Okay。

 it's the same as， for example， girls are constantly thinking about get laid 24，7。

 Every single second。 Every single girl around the world is thinking about Dick。

 She's thinking about Dick。 She's thinking about Dick right now。 She's thinking about Dick too。

 every single second。 your mom， your sister， your grandmother。

 Every single fucking girl is thinking about Dick。 Is this true。 No， probably not。

 But you never know。 Are you thinking about Dick。 you never know。

 but it's a belief that helps you it's a blind spot that ultimately helps you if you're talking to a girl and you're like damn。

 this just thinking about Dick right now， you're gonna feel a lot more comfortable， for example。

 escalating。 If you think girls hate sex。 every time you're gonna touch you're gonna be like listen。

 I know you hate this。 But I have to touch you。 listen， I know you hate this too。 I gotta shove it。

 It's likere gonna feel horrible。 if you start analyzing the little differences。

 you're gonna get caught in your head， you're gonna go down this mental rabbit hole that's going to fuck you over。

 it's the same is like， there might be differences between bars nightclubs。

 there'll be differences between this bar in this bar。

 there'll be differences between this place and this place。 Oh my God。God， fuck that。 Okay。

 general view， it's the same everywhere。 Now， the number one reason guys have trouble during the day is because when they go out at night。

 they drink。Okay， and what happens when you drink and remember this forever。

 you develop your personality around that drunken state。 Okay。

 you develop your personality around whatever state you find yourself in the most。 A K。

 if you go out and drink， you are going to get better。 You're gonna to get more social。

 You're gonna start getting references。 you might not always remember those references。

 but you're gonna to get references。 You might pull。 You might get laid。

 but it's going to be around that drunk personality。

 You're always going to need those drinks to have access to it and your sober personality。

 you that's out during the day is not charismatic。 It not been worked on and still sucks。

 And the more this happens， what happens overall is that the drunken you becomes you。

During the day you don't even feel like yourself。 It's like during the day you're drunk。

 You're like this personality sucks。 I can't wait to drink to finally be charismatic again。

 I can't wait to drink to finally have fun again to be expressive again。

 You'll see a girl during the day，'re like，'ll be other hot girls like her tonight。 You know。

 I'm gonna wait till tonight to have my drinks。 If you have a date。

 You'll probably have some drinks before your dates because you can't show up sober because the sober you just sucks。

 and basically that is why you have trouble during the day。

 Well you basically want to create is a scenario where wherever you go there you are。

 It's the same you who's out at night， sober， It's the same you who's out during the day sober。

 because trust me， if you're able to game at night with all the fucking stimulus。

 like all the distractions， the music， the drinks， the girl' friends。

 other guys hitting on her the dance floor。 if you're able to go up to like， hey。

 what's up and cut through that shit， get her attention and pull her sober at night and knock get overwhelmed。

 daytime should be a fucking joke in comparison。😊，A joke。 Daytime is a lot easier than nighttime。

 Okay， First of all， there's less competition。 Again。

 you have to yell through the fucking music at night during the day， you just whisper。

 You can be walking out you're like。And the girl's like。Whoa， just the fucking whisper。 Now。

 of course， there are some little subtle differences。 As you mentioned before， during the day。

 unlike at night， girls have shit to do。Okay，You're not in a bar a nightcl where the girls like。

 you know what， I'm gonna spend the next  two to 4 to 5 hours here。 Okay。

 she might be going somewhere。 She might be going to work。 She might be going to meet some friends。

 She might have to do and she doesn't have time to just be picked up and fucked that's just the nature of day game embrace it And because of that。

 a lot of your interactions are gonna be a lot shorter。 usually it's gonna be like ，5。

1015 minutes because the to do But don't let that stop you surprisingly。

 a lot of girls also have nothing to do during the day。're just walking around。

 It's super random like what fuck are these girls doing。

 It's like what are you doing walking around like nothing and ultimately you just stay in all the way till the。

 You can be smart about this you go out in day game at 5 or 6 PM when people are getting off work when the girls are going home。

 and Melbourne in Australia， did that we go at like 5 PM。 We went to the train station。

 because everyone take the train to go home。 And then what would you do What are you doing I'm going home me too。

the same area， oh， same train。Bang， be smart about it。 be practical about it。

 Okay But there are gonna be a lot of shorter sets。 Don't think that you're sucking。

 That's just what day game is。 If there are shorter sets。 However。

 get the phone number and day to her for when later that night。

 thatll decrease your chances of flaking massively Now the more you go out at night sober and the more you hit your peak state if you will。

 We are just social in the zoneing， have access to all your fulties， the more you hit that peak。

 the more your default starting point is going to rise。 what's your default starting point。

 whatever emotional state you find yourself in when you wake up in the morning。

 when we all go to sleep tonight， we wake up tomorrow。

 some of you guys are gonna be a little more like no， another day， a little bit more negative。

 are going wake up like Yeah like that game， that whenever I sleep at a girls place。

 I wake up I'm like how does it gaming， it depends where your starting point is at。

 So ultimately you want to amp that up， So during the day， you don't even have to build momentum。

 if you will。's wake up in your default starting part is just there。 It's like you out of state。

Is what for most people in state would look like。Okay， so that comes with time by going out at night。

 hitting on shs of girls and just desensitizing yourself to the hectic environments。

 Adding yourself to being in the zone， practice making that transition fast。

 Okay so that's ultimately the easiest way to do it Now， during the day for a lot of guys。

 it is a lot harder to feel congruent。 as you kind mentioned being a little bit more extreme。

 being a little bit more out there。 now that doesn't mean that you can't be extreme。

 It doesn't mean that you can't put yourself out there， be loud， just go in break and rapport。

 yell the girl down。 But if you don't feel congruent， doing it do not do it， never force it。

 if you're like， oh my God， I'm so scared during the day。 But I heard it's the same as that night。

 So I'm going go up and yell this girl down， she's gonna freak the fuck out。's like you're forceful。

re like it's not congruent， she's gonna freak。 So if you don't feel like yelling， don't fucking yell。

 However， if you do feel comfortable yelling。 by all means fucking go for it。 now again。

 if you put yourself out there in a more extreme way。

 you have to make sure the girl is able to relate。To it。

 you're gonna have to focus a lot on the subtleties and on the pressure on pressure off。

 which we'll get to in a second。 Okay， but you can do it。

 I remember Jeff you telling me the first time he ever did day game。 What did he do， He got drunk。😊。

Okay， this is like way back in the day。 Now， if you're going out and you're fucking drinking at night and you guys can try this。

 If you have trouble during the day， go out drunk once and what's gonna happen。

 you're gonna be obnoxious， bering， loud， extreme。 But the girls gonna freak out as much as you sober trying to do that。

 No， because you're a little bit more congruence。 If you're like the drunk guy in the mall And you're like。

 come here， come here like that， okay， it's like again。

 whatever you feel she feels she'll get brought into that reality。

 One of the ways you can kind of practice this or kind of build yourself up to it is someone kind of asked before is just open。

 everyone。😊，Everyone， O， instead of being the guy just waiting for the hot girls to open。

 talk to every single fucking person When I'm walking down this street， for example， in Miami。

 I'm not just like。That one like running up to her。 I'm like talking to everyone passing by。

 And I basically send you something along the lines of nice dot， dot， dot。给。Nice shoes， nice shirt。

 nice face， nice hair， a woman with her baby， nice baby。 I like what I see here。 A few more years。

 a few more years。 O， it's like。😊，Just like。Okay， now， what that does is that every time you say it。

 first of all， you're putting your personality out there。 Okay。

 so you're like giving yourself proof that nothing's gonna happen as long as you're loud。

 It's like you're not gonna die。 No one's gonna fucking freak out。

 It doesn't matter if people are staring at you weirdly。 You're still fucking alive。 So it's like。

 you build the confidence。 You build a certainty behind it。

 It gets you in the habit of setting the rhythm like，y，y，y，y。

 So when you roll up on the fucking ho girl。 If you're saying nice， nice， nice， nice， nice。

 stop walking。It's just very congruent that way。 Okay And I do this on boot camp， for example。

 if I do day game。 I make them walk down the street and everyone， couples。

 old people like old grandmother's nice umbrella。 like's like you yell them down。 Now。

 during the day as well， You are gonna have to embrace the social pressure。 again。

 if you open a girl during the day， everyone's going to stare。

 Everyones be like what the fuck is this Now， just realize that overall people really don't give a。

 people don't care at all about you， they're not gonna remember you 10 years or it's like。

 listen kids this one afternoon。 I was out And this young man to girl。 was horrible。

's like no one gives a shit。 They might stare， they'll be interested。 It was like， oh。

 he said hi to a girl deep down inside what are they probably thinking。

 I wish I could do that fuck instead I going back to my fat wife。 damnn it's like that。

 So embrace it there and ultimately just laugh at yourself。 It's like， find it funny。

 It's like you're the guy like saying hi to girls， people stare laugh at yourself。 And also。

 the more you desensitize yourself that social pressure。 The more girls will be attracted。 Secondly。

 during the day。 It'll force。😊，To be very aware of where the girl is at emotionally。

 what she's thinking， what she's feeling。 Okay， And if she's able to relate to you because during the day。

 if you are， for example， physical， you know， her bind temperature or the pressure on if fuel will reach the critical danger point very fast at night。

 you have a little bit more lee wave。 You' physical with the girl。

 You can stay a little too long And she's fine with it before she tenses up during the day。

 sometimes just even moving your hand towards the girl。 She's like。😊，And if you touch her， it's like。

 it explodes， it's too late。 So you got a lower time reaction。 like。

 boom be very aware in terms like where the girl is at。 Okay。

 and I call this pressure on pressure off。 And this is the biggest key to fucking day game。

 Press on pressure off。 So this year is basically the definition of social intuition。

 So you might have heard of it。 You know， like just knowing where the girl is at knowing like when's the right time to do something when you should pull back。

 like， how do you know， it's kind of like learning balance。

 but viewing in terms of pressure on pressure off。 What is pressure on pressure on could be anything in terms of like proximity。

 Okay， if I go up to girl and she's standing there， if I like lean and close。

It's like pressure is building。 There's like tension in the air。

 If I give her like laser eye contact， I'm just like， boom。

 and I just hold the eye contact like that， pressure on。 Okay， if I look away。

 kind of takes the pressure off。 If I talk to a girl in a breaking proportionality。 I'm like， a。

 how's it going， But the voice goes down at the end， that's pressure on， If I'm like， oh， so anyway。

 How's it going， That's pressure off。Okay， doing something like a push is pressure on。 I hate you。

 I love you。 is pressure off Okay， and ultimately， everything you say。

 everything you do in an interaction is either going to put pressure on the girl。

 take pressure off of the girl。 And you have to constantly be balancing the two。 Okay。

 it's like a game of balance。 That's really what it is。 Even in set。

 If you guys ever see me talking to a girl。 It's very rare。 I'm just like standing still。

 I'm always like in out in out in out。 Okay， and you ultimately want to reach a point where you put pressure on until you reach the you know。

 tipping point where it's almost like too much Its like tension， tension just before it breaks。

 You take pressure off。😊，Then you put it back on just before it breaks， Press off。

 you put it back on just before it breaks， Press off and you amp up her bind temperature that way。

 Okay， that is ultimately how you get a girl ready for sex during the day during the day。

 it's kind of similar to the beginning of a night。 if you go to a bar at 1030 PM。

 the girls are not necessarily ready to get fucked。

 It's not like at 3 AM where they're like jumping up and down。

 They had the whole emotional roller coaster。 the volume knob has been turned up and they're ready for sex during the day。

 it's a little lower。 But what you do is you go in And then by putting the pressure on pressure off pressure on pressure off。

 amping it up。 you speed the process。 again， the volume knob being turned on until she's ready to get fucked。

 but it is still the same thing。 it is still possible。 So that there is social intuition。

 and ultimately， you develop a feel for that by fucking up and by doing right Shi loads of times。

 it's my old golf ball andgae。 you guys never hit a golf ball before。 you go on a driving range。

 you're like， okay。Way too fucking hard。 You're like， go shit。

 That's like going up to girl and doing your approach。 runs off。 You're like， oh。

 that was a little too much， a little too much。 Let me try a little less。😡，Okay。

 that's like going up and just been very shy。嘿。Like that like a whisper。 She's like。

 I like walks off。 You're， hey， a little bit more， a little bit more。

Bing it's like the right amounts。 How's it going。 Can you're like， oh， that was the right amounts。

 And then what happens， The more fucking golf balls you hit。 the more people you approach。

 the more people you freak out， the more people you don't do it strong enough。

 the more people you do the right amount， you will develop a feel for it。 Okay。

 you'll develop a grasp for the general dynamic of the interaction， okay and that there。

 you can only learn through references。 That's like if you ask me， when you know。

 it's like too much pressure on。 That's like asking me like， you know， standing straight。 how。

 how much to the right， do you have to lean before you fall over。 That's why youre asking me。 Okay。

 you learn that through references。 It's a feel， but。To kind of help you guys notice。

 just look at how the girl is reacting after the fact。 Okay， if I go up to growing， I'm like， hey。

 how's it going， I'm always aware like。IsShe able to relate。 Is it too much or not。

 What is too much pressure on look like？ The girl tenses up。 you'll see in like her body language。

 She'll be like like that the eyes a little bit。 She might like the little glance away like like that。

 she might have like the little awkward laugh yeah， she might take some steps back。

 And when that happens， take pressure off。 don't keep doing what you're doing。 And these guys。

 it's very tempt keep going in that same direction。 if you up to grow in your physical， for example。

're like okay， I'm doing my physical move， you're gonna be putting pressure on。

 And I see this sometimes on boot camp where the girls are literally taking steps back like step back like yeah yeah。

 and the guy just keeps on going。 He's like if this physicality is not working。

 how do I fix it by being more physical。 It's like no， change courses of fucking action。

 take a step back。 and then build it back up。 the way you should is like go into a set。

 do whatever you want， be clear in your intent。 if you want to be physical off the bad during the day you can But make sure she can relate。

 if her download bars is down here。 and you're acting as if download bars up here。

s going to tense up and you calibrate after the fact。

 Cho a different course of action that she's able to relate to。

 And then you put the pressure on pressure off and amp it up up to here。 Okay。

 So that's a skill set you will learn during the day that will be really hammered into you。lib。

Basically， it would be like， you do it。 And if it's too much， for example。

 it'll take the pressure off。 It's like you adapt onto it after the fact。 thinking about not before。

 Yeah， never stifle yourself like， oh， that might be too much pressure on before。

 It's like you do it。 but then you calibrate after it to make sure she's okay with it。

 but never before， always after。Okay， so that's like pressure on pressure off。 Now。

 during the day as well， it's very important to set the rhythm of the interaction。 what is that mean。

 getting the girl to react to you， being at the cause， not at the effect。 And by doing that， again。

 it's like you， first of all， you get her attention on you， off the environment。

 And she gets brought into your reality， What's your reality， your rules。 What's my opener。

 pink shirt， pink bike。 How does it feel。😊，That's what I say。Now， by doing that， what am I doing。

I'm setting the fucking rhythm。 I'm like， picture shirt， pink bike。 How does it feel， At on me。

 Does this girl have enough time in between those sentence to be like， but it's during the day。

 It's not normal。😡，No， you guys probably experience that when you're talking to a girl。

 Maybe you really， really like and you're just like really vibing。

 You kind of forget about the environment。 You forget about the time passing。

 The same happens with a girl。 She forgets it during the day。

 She forgets she's getting fingered in front of her mom。 Okay， no one knows。

 So you want to set the rhythm。 If I go up to girl Im like pink shirt， Pi bike， that's pressure on。

 how does it feel。😊，Pressure off。 Now， it's cool。 How does it feel is that it also adds a certain perspective on it。

 Okay， she kind of like views herself in like the third person because it's like， say。

 and you can use this whenever you go a little too far。

 It's like a great way to take the pressure off。 sayy you roll up like four guys on one girl。

 You're like， hey， and she's like， like that。😊，Now， right there， she's identified with the emotion。

 but if you say。What， how does it feel to have like four guys just roll up on you testosterone in the air。

Now， what she thinking， oh， how does it feel， she's focused on something else and kind of takes perspective on the emotion。

 And also， one last thing during the day， you will always get the little look like， what's happening。

No matter how smooth you go。 Okay you're always gonna get， the girls gonna be like like that。

 So my rationale is like， look， if I'm gonna get that little look， no matter what。

 at least go all out and deserve it。 now a few last points。

 I just want to hammer in is that during the day， there is no tempo。

 it's very important to understand this。 When you go at night。 there's part one part 2 part 3。

 And during part1， you're just like mingling around。

 really focusing on yourself and you kind of eliminate that option of going for plan A or plan B when pulling the girl。

 It's more like， you know what， I'm gonna day to her for part two of the night。

 and I'll see her then and then I'll persist all the way to sex。

 then during the day that does not exist。 Okay， the first girl that you basically go up and talk to you can go for plan A or plan B。

 Okay， so don't come from that same mindset of like the first half of day game。

 I'm just gonna go out and warm up。 There' nothing to accomplish。 Theres nothing to lose wrong。

 there is something。😊，accomplish that very first girl okay the way you should view day game is that you basically start in part two of the night。

Okay， you don't need to mingle around anymore。 And it's not boring anymore for a girl to spend a longer period of time with you。

 Okay， when a girl's out at night， say she goes to a bar to a nightclub。

 she's in a very different headspace。 You know it's like， you know what。

 I'm gonna go out and I want a massive， emotional buildup。 You know。

 I want my movie to be exciting a shit。 It's like， oh my God， I go out， I have a drink。

 The first guy hits on me。 hate that guy， I walk out。 You， I go to next sexworthy guy。 Oh。

 I like this guy。 I'm gonna go the dance store。 I'm gonna chat to my friends。

 I'm gonna have some more drinks。 I'm gonna dance some more， more action， more stimulus。 fuck yeah。

 and now at the very end。 I'm ready for sex。 Okay， talking to just one guy， the whole night。 F me。

 kill me。 Okay， that's the mindset she's in。 It's pretty much like a Hollywood。 know。

 action packed movie。 That's her night。 It's like， I want a fucking action movie。 during the day。

 It's very different。 It's more like a indie film if you want。 The girl's out。

 but she's not in that same headspace looking for as much stimulus is possible。😊，And you know。

 some like chill little relaxed movie with just two characters is good enough。

 so don't think that you need to warm up and don't block off possibilities if it's like the first girl you talk to if it's going well。

 stick on it and go for plan A or plan B。 And of course， don't let this stifle you either。

 don't be like oh， it's serious now and I didn't have enough time to build the reservoir。

 It's like no， you can also make a conscious decision of being like， you know what， the first hour。

 the first two hours， I'm just gonna focus on having fucking fun and then I'll persist all the way through。

 but just bear in mind that you can make it happen even with the warmup。 Now。

 another important thing to realize， you know during the day is that no girl is just going to stand there talking to you for hours on end。

 it's kind of similar to if you go up and you start talking to a girl in the middle of the dance floor。

 know there's like loud music people like bumping into her。

 she's not gonna want to have a two hour long conversation there。 she'll be like listen。

 I'll stop dancing and I'll talk to you for like two three minutes。 but unless you move。

Me somewhere where we can actually get to work。 I'm gonna go back to dancing。

 and it's the same here during the day。 If a girl's walking down the street and you walk up you're like。

's it going and you stop her， she'll stop and talk like you know2，3， maybe five minutes。

 maybe a little bit more。 but after a while， she's like look man。

 if you don't fucking move me around somewhere where you can actually sit down。

 get to work like a coffee shop or something like that I'm going to bounce the fuck out。

 the same applies to a grocery store。 does she want to spend two hours just standing there in the middle of an aisle talking to you F no so get in the habit of moving around with her and reminding yourself that you don't have to game her where you open her the worst thing to do during the day is to pick a little day game spot and then just feel like you have to stay in that little area。

 now of course， go to know where the women are going to be at there's like a populated little intersection。

 go the fuck there and talk to women there。 but don't think that you're now stuck in that area。

 this isn't some bar。 this isn't。Nightclub where you' like， You know what？

This is where I'm going to game any girl in this intersection。

 But as soon as she leaves the intersection， it's like leaving the club。

 and then the further I go away from the intersection。 I'll feel bad。

 I feel like you need to go back。 maybe my friends are still there at the intersection talking to other girls。

 Oh my God， I'm leaving a little too far this is horrible。

 It's the first girl that I talk to Oh my God。 No， no， no， that is good。

 ultimately the way you want to view it is unlike a bar or a club where there's like a little defined space。

 you want to view like the whole city。 It's like that little defined space。

 the whole city is now your nightclub and don't feel confined to sticking to one little area。

 during the day you want to go for like long ass fucking walks。 wherever the girl is going。

 you just go with her。 remember， you start in part two of the night。 You don't have to warm up。

 you don't have to stay in that little area。 If a girl's logistics allowow it。

 go for the 45 minutes to an hour and half long interaction， commit to the set。

 go on the train with her。 she's going home。 See how far you can go。

Stay in set until you're isolated with the girl killer fucking instinct from the start okay that is what day game is about now because girls are gonna be moving around and not standing in the same area for two hours also keep in mind that you don't have that much time to determine the logistics okay it's not like at night say if a girl sitting out a table you can sit down spend like 20 minutes and take your time to determine what her situation is here you have a very limited amount of time so you're gonna want to get in the habit of doing that fast and that means not getting stuck on the open if you're asking a girl for directions for example don't up and be like you know what excuse me like where's the church she's like the church it's it's right down that street don't be like are you sure it's down that street is it straight and then like to the right or to the left she's like it's straight and then make a right okay and after the right what do I do make a left okay and and after the left know and you go down that little。

al， do not do that。 If you ask， for example， for directions to be like， oh excuse me。

 Do you know where the church is。 She's like， oh yeah， it's over there。 Oh cool I'm Julian。

 nice to you switch the out of fast move the interaction forward you want to reach that point where it's like look we are now meeting each other and we can now determine the logistics。

 the way that I'll usually go about it is I'll get the girls's attention that could be asking her for directions like you know where the church is excuse me you speak English it could just be yelling out some random line like don't do it。

 don't do it And as soon as you get attention， switch out of whatever you previously said it's like you know where the is the of it introduce yourself and shake her hand。

Okay， that's it。 Oh， excuse me。 How do you speak English。 Oh， I'm Julian， Nice to meet you。

 Don't do it。 Don't do it。 She's like， what？ What's up， Nice to meet you。 I'm Julia。 simple as that。

 And as soon as I say hi， chat a little bit and quickly determine the logistics。 Okay。

 don't just go on like little rants about looking for a fucking church。 now。

 once you have the logistics， really take on that killer instinct。 it's like gun to the head。

 If you don't fuck this girl， your family dies， go all out。 Okay。

 and it can feel a little awkward or a little creepy during the day。

 if thes like walking to you know by herself like some underwear and you're like in the women's department。

 here I am justing in， it can feel a little bit weird。 but just again， embrace it exaggerate it。

 laugh at yourself。 Okay， there is new material for you to selfamuse。

 Just take perspective and be like， oh my God， like what the fuck am I doing what must she be thinking here。

 must the people around me be thinking this is retard， this is hilarious。 Oh my God。

 and then just stay in until you。Its real resistance you're the first guy to go for it。

 you're the first guy to fucking back off and then just follow the same process it's like you open。

 you start putting the pressure on pressure off， you amp the bind temperature and then my personal go to you know instead of say after party because during the day if it's like 2 pm you're like after party youll be like what the fuck is have coffee with me it's like you know what let's have coffee and then baby step her back to the sex location it's like let's have coffee and then once you're on your way you know what fuck this coffee place let's go to this coffee place。

Actually fuck this coffee place， let's go to this one Oh wait， it's my apartment。 Oh my god。

 okay let's go for coffee， let's go for this food， you know， let's go this restaurant。

 let's go to this bookstore， anything to just get you to the place where you can ultimately fuckcker。

