# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：11、应对不同“组合”_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So we've covered how to open， how to be physical， how to hook， how to pass tests。

 But as youve probably noticed， you know， going out and starting to internalize all of this。

 it's a lot messier in real life than it is in theory。

 here illustrating all these concepts as if the girls are just standing there。

 you like by themselves， just waiting to be approached， know waiting for you to go up and open them。

 you know， put them through the whole process。 but let's be real here， that's rarely the case。

 when you go out especially the hotter the girl， it's pretty rare， she just by herself doing nothing。

 she's oftentimes with friends， it could be female friends， It could be male friends。

 you know if you go to a nightclub， she could be dancing like crazy in the middle of the dance floor if you go to a bar。

 she could be sitting at the bar。 if you go to some restaurant。

 she might be just sitting at a table or in a lobby。 know if you're out in the street。

 she could be walking somewhere。 and there's a lot more factors that you need to take into account in order to know how to proceed depending on what type of situation you find yourself in。

 Now， before getting into the different types of scenarios。 I just want to set as a general rule。

That you should always open the girl that you want。 no matter what， Okay。

 doesn't matter what environment she may find herself in。 you know， she could be on the dance floor。

 she could be on the street。 She could be eating at a restaurant。

 She could be hanging out with her friends， it doest matter who she's there with。 Shed be 50 people。

 One friend， one girlfriend， a guy， always open the girl。 Okay。

 don't go up and talk to her friends first， don't say hi to the group like， hello。

 group and talk to them first， remember what we covered in opening。 Okay。

 setting the frame and just being very clear in your intentions。

 What are your intentions to get the girl， what are your intentions to be man to woman。 Okay。

 why would you waste your time just going up and talking to her friends if you want the girl， Okay。

 so jump in straight line to the girl， say hi to her and then calibrate after the fact。 Okay。

 if you say hi to her。 and then the friends were like， who's this guy。 hey， what's up。

 then say hi to the friends。 Okay， it could be like a millisecond right after then you say hi to the friends。

 but don't say hi to the friend。😊，First， always to the girl， always towards what you want。🎼I love。

 Are you from also。I love别。No almost as much as。🎼He think Spanish。Andの。哎y。あそうです well。🎼Howオるよ。

So let's start with one of the most common situations you may find yourself in。

 basically a girl with her female friend。 Okay， we call this a twoet。 Okay。

 a set basically referring to a group of girls。 So it could be two girls， A two set， three girls。

 a threeet， you know， so on and so forth。 But this is very common。 You know。

 a girl out with her friend， Now， going about this one here。 Of course。

 you're gonna follow what I just said before。 You know， go up， talk to the girl。

 But say you're by yourself。 and you don't necessarily have someone to you know。

 help you out and occupy the friend。 You are gonna have to talk to both of them。 Okay。

 you can't just ignore the friend in this scenario here。 So I'll just go up to the main girl。 Hey。

 what's， how's it going。 Oh， hey， what's up， I'm Julian。

 and then talk to the friend and open her as well。 And I'm basically going keep the conversation going this way。

 But the only difference is that when I talk to the girl that I want。 I'm going to be man to woman。

 like she's going know again， my intentions are to fuck her and when I talk to her friend。

 I'm still gonna be flirtatious。 Okay， I'm still gonna flirt with her。

But my intentions aren't necessarily going to be to sleep with her。 Okay。

 it's more like just flirting for the sake of flirting and with the main girl flirting for the sake of fucking。

 if you will。 So I must be talking to both them joking around。 and then every once in a while。

 just like， boom look at the girl I want， laser eye contact。

 talk a little bit more and break and report toality。 challenge her maybe a little bit more。

 maybe be a little bit more playful， you know， but I am gonna to be talking to the both of them。 Now。

 in this scenario here， usually， if you're cool enough。

 you'll notice sometimes the friends will just disappear。 if their roommates。

 you can kind of just stay along all the way till you go back to their place and the friend goes to sleep。

 you can sometimes occasionally， if you're lucky， know， make it happen with the both of them。

 you could also go out， grab some random guy， know out in the venue and throw him on the friend。

 know and he'll lock you by the friend。 And if you have someone who goes out with you。

 we call this a wingman to help you you know talk to the friend and pick up girls。

 then you find yourself in the best possible scenario ever。 if it's two girls and two guys。

It's perfect。 Okay， why？ because basically， a lot of responsibility is taken off of the girl's shoulder just by seeing her friend kind of also getting turned on。

 It's not just her being a sled。 just like， oh， we're both being sledt。 So it's okay。

 And then if you both bring them home together， she feels a lot more at ease because she's not alone with the stranger。

 Her friends there as well。 You just slowly build it up。 know， like you amp up the download bar。

 Now when you do this， make sure you do it at the same time。

 And one guy's not going a little faster because then she'll kind of freak out。

 and then just bring them home that way。 Okay， but that very simple is a twoet。

 don't ignore the friend。 if you by yourself， talk them both， try to grab a guy。

 If you have a wingman。 perfect。 know， he occupies a friend and you bring them home together。😊。

I give conferences， speeches seminars Now what if it's more than one girl， know。

 sometimes you go in and she's with a huge group of girls。 it could be two，3。

 maybe five friends of hers like girls night out。 and she's with this massive group。 Okay。

 how to proceed。 Basically， the same thing applies as the two sets。 Okay， like you go up。

 you introduce yourself to the girl that you want， you don't say hi to the group and then you calibrate after Now。

 if it's a big group， unlike the two sets where you're gonna have to say hi to the friend and keep her engaged now you don't have to as much。

 Okay why because all the friends can talk to each other。

 It's not like you're talking to the main girl and the friend is like。😊，Just bored on the side。

 And at some point， she'd be like， well， fuck this guy。 let's go and drag her friend away。

 Now she can just talk to her other friends。 Okay so you don't have to acknowledge them that much。

 So in some big group， usually you'll go up to the main girl。

 you'll start talking and a lot of the times the friends will just be very cool with it。

 and they'll just kind of like look away。 They won't even care。 In that case， all good。

 keep on talking to your girl but just remember that at some point。

 you will just want to say hi to the friends just to you know。

 show them that your sex where they show them that they can trust their friend leaving with you because if they didn't talk to you at all。

 it does make things a little bit more complicated in terms of bringing the girl home later because I'll be like。

 well， why should going with the stranger， who is this guy Okay so just say hi to them at some point。

 but always the bare minimum bare minimum So they like you。

 don't get sidetracked and then back on the main girl。 I'm。smarter and older。

 introduce to your friends to be like， this is Alex， I'm known it for use。Hey。

 nice to meet you Chelsea it's my new girlfriend。Do approved。

Do you think I'm a little too much outsider Lee？Maybe a little。I know some other times。

 though you might say hi to her and the friends will jump in like。

 whoho is this guy and then quickly calibrate after， say hello， win them over？You know。

 flirting the flirt back on the main girl that way。 Okay， but with a group set。

 you don't need to worry about having a wigman in there。

 you don't need to worry about bringing in some random guy。

 You don't even have to worry about talking to them that much。

 Just focus on the main girl do enough So they like you， they'll you know。

 sustain themselves and then pull。 Now we've covered two of the main scenarios。

 they' encounter in terms of a girl with female friends， Okay。

 like the two set or a bigger group than that。 But what if there are male friends in the group。 Okay。

 we call this a mixed set。 Okay， female male mixed set。

 So let's start with a two set where there's a guy there。 Okay a girl in a guy。

Now for that scenario there， the same thing applies Okay， general rule， walk up。

 say hi to the girl first。 But the way that I go about it， if there's a guy in there， you know。

 in order to you know not fall in those fluke scenarios where sometimes you'll say hi and the guy will just be very protective。

 know， maybe it's her boyfriend or something， freak out okay especially if you live and maybe a smaller town where the mentality is a little bit more scarce。

 you know it's like the only hot girl here， you might get the occasional you confrontational guy。

 so to kind of avoid that and kind of God raises at emotionally。

 the way that I go about a mix in terms of opening is I'll try to you know。

 not really wait for a warm approach， but kind of get the girl to notice me first。

 so how do you do that， usually if you're just like really in the zone just by like walking by the girl she'll kind of like stare and as soon as she stares for your handout。

 she could either stare or just walk by tap tap。Handout， okay， handout， handshake， high five。

 whatever it is， you want to get her attention。And then reach out。 Now， by doing that。

 two things could happen。 Okay， one， it she'll reach out and grab your hand。

 shake your hand or high5 you back。 Now， if that happens， awesome。 Okay。

 it kind of prevents the guy from freaking out why。

 because she pretty much complied to you opening her。 Okay， in his eyes。

 It could seem like you've known her from earlier in the night。 It could， you know。

 seem like your longtime friends because she。😊，Crabbbed your hand back。 She went along with it。

 So him kind of going against you would be going against the girl。

 So it'll kind of sit there and be okay with it。 So that's the best scenario that you could encounter。

 The other one is she just looks at you kind of like， what are you doing and you're like。

Take my hand。 But even if that happens， don't worry。 Okay， remember， your opener doesn't matter。

 just keep on talking。 you're not there to grab her hand。 Okay， you're there to fuck her。

 But by her staring at you， And most likely the guy staring at you as well。

 You can kind of get a feel for where they're at。 You can get a feel I like， okay。

 are they boyfriend girlfriend， Are they just friends。 Is this guy tensing up a little bit。

 Is he getting a little pissed off。 Should I take a step back， you know。

 take the pressure off a bit or could I just walk up and say hi to the girl。

 maybe grab her be physical， maybe it seems like he doesn't know her and I could just ignore him。

 You know， you kind of get a feel beforehand And you know how to proceed in that sense there。

 You're not a party。The most awkward high I've ever set my life behind， what's an end？That's up。

 Julia， nice meet you。I see you wait， come here away， guys， shoot just one minute， 30 seconds。

2 seconds， come。Now， when talking to a mix sets， the first thing you want to do is to determine the relationship within the group。

 Okay that means basically figuring out how the fuck they know each other。 Okay now when you do that。

 always try to ask the girl hey， how do you guys know each other Okay as soon as possible and try to ask her in a way where the guy's kind of like out of the picture because if you ask the guy。

 what's gonna happen， they always lie like， oh， but that's my girlfriend， know。

 even though it's not And if you ask the girl in front of the guy。

 sometimes she'll feel a little bit more pressured into lying because she's probably known him for longer。

 you know， she doesn't want to seem like a slut， you。

 she doesn't want to step out of like that reality there and you're like， oh。

 do you guys know each other and she looks at him and he's like， say it。

 she'll be like oh's my boyfriend and just like lie as well。

 So ultimately try to either kind of turn her away from the guy， get and close like oh。

 how do you guys know each other and ask the girl。Now， there are three possible outcomes to this。

 Either this is my boyfriend。 in that case， you know， in general。

 I would just bounce off like why waste time trying to steal a girl from her boyfriend。 You know。

 there's other hog girls around just oh well， nice me you have a great night。

 if you want to be a dick though， you could proceed and kind of like roleplay that maybe you're her gay friend or like a little orbiter who takes her shopping。

 I do this sometimes like oh， tell him I'm're gay friend or tell him you know。

 I'm your friend who takes you shopping， kind of playing it on the inside joke that you know what's up with the orbiters。

 you know， you're part of like that secret society And if she role plays along again。

 because she already you know probably grab your hand and she canlied to that and she's the one telling her boyfriend like this is my gay friend even though you don't seem gay。

 it's pretty rare he's gonna be like he's not gay because again going against you means now going against his girlfriend So you can kind of do that and then try to like hide and get a number on the side。

 but in general， I would just bounce out。は22근。2 minutes，2 minutes。

2 minutes tell I'm your gay if anything my what's name focus my。😊。

I my ass every night ham just catch up， what's name tell me your I remember。Okay。

1 I'll number name when not I hate you That's a number close。 Now。

 the other option is that the guy is a friend of hers。 oh， this is just a male friend。

 You know a guy from my social circle。 Now if it's a friend of hers。 you can't be mean to him。

 there's this old school term called agging the guy like be more alpha than the guy ignore the guy just out of there And if it's a friend。

 you really can't do that。 Okay why she's known him for a lot longer than she's known you。

 she cares a lot more about his opinion of her in terms of a s or than yours。

 and it's pretty rare she's gonna go against a friend ofs。

 no matter how much she likes you So in that case， you have to win him over。 now again。

 general theory for a group set always do the bare minimum with the friends。

 so still treat like that bare minimum。 just。be very positive， but still very breaking rapport。

 like still hold your ground like， oh， how's it going， man。 Oh， cool。 That's awesome。 You know。

 chat make sure seems you're cool。 And then once you're good， bare minimum。

 don't get into these long little gay conversations。 Okay， remember， he's not gonna suck your dick。

 she is back on the main girl Now with guys where you will notice is that although you can proceed all the way to bring her home。

 You know， the same as if it's like a female friend。 You could even try to grab another girl for him。

 You know， it's like occupy the guy。😊，They will be a little bit more against you bringing the girl home。

 So because it's a mix that。 if it's just two of them in a lot of scenarios。

 you might just want to get the number on the side and try to see her at another time when he's not around。

 Okay， so that is if the guys a friend of hers。 Now， the third option。

 And this is the best option is if she doesn't know the guy。 It's a guy she just met。 Okay。

 some random guy who approached her and wherever you met her。 In that case， you can ignore him。 Okay。

 you don't have to acknowledge him that much。 You don't have to like win him over because she just met him and she doesn't really care about his opinion that much。

 Okay， now still ask the girl how they know each other because that guy will lie as well。

 But once you know。On the girl。 Okay， and ultimately。

 the girls gonna go for whoever reacts the least。 Okay， so remember， when you walk up to a girl。

 you set the rhythm， she has a certain rhythm， and she adapts onto yours when there's another guy there。

 it's ultimately， who has the rhythm that everyone adapts onto。 Okay。

 who is at the cause and then who is at the effect。 Now。

 the girl is gonna adapt on either you or the guy。 So what you don't want to fall into is ultimately going up。

 saying hi to the girl， and then the guy says something， you're like， oh， hey， and like react to him。

 Now， most guys react in a very confrontational way。 Like when the guy says， oh， what's your name。

 bro， He's like， oh， what's your name kind of trying to attack back。 That's bad。

 Another way of reacting is in a very defensive way， like， oh， hey， sorry。

 I was just trying to say hi， how's it going， and kind of freak out that way。

 We just want to do is just being very。Bla a， like， how how's it going to the girl。 Oh， he， man。

 How's it going Anyway， blah， blah， blah， and focus on talking to the girl and hope that the guy's going to try to react and chime in the interaction。

 Okay， now if。He gets the girl's attention back。 Don't talk to the guy that much。 Okay because again。

 that's reactive。 You know， trying to get her back。

 Talk to the girl in a way where you're commanding。 Okay。

 and this is a very important distinction to make。 basically the difference between being commanding。

 like ordering the girl around versus chasing。 and this is like the perfect way of viewing it。

 If the guy gets the girl's attention， don't chase， don't be like， hey， look at me， look at me。

 lead okay， order， command。 be like，y， look at me。 So anyway， so by the way。

 b b to the girl and hoping that the guy will react and then lose value and then shall go for you。

 Okay， and in those scenarios there， don't be afraid of just trying to drag her away from the guy。

 be like， you know what， come in， my friends。 bouncer out of there。

 you don't need to necessarily keep him around。 so those are the three possible outcomes and how you should go about a twoet where there's a guy and a girl。

😊，🎼はい。🎼每个风在下面。I have a beard， it's okay， it's not a rapist beard。She a real spirit。

W the fuckuck are you， what's your name？So your boyfriend， I'm your friend。

's just a friend to take some shopping。🎼あそ。🎼I dont man man talk you a two minutes。Ssmith okay。

natural boy。Yeah just met Now if it's a group set， you know。

 that's mixed where there's like guys and girls and it's not just a girl in a guy。

 the same thing applies as if it's a girl with a bunch of girls。

 Okay it's like you don't have to acknowledge them that much again they are selfsustained。

 But if there's guys in there， you will want to say hi to them at some point because they kind of always do feel like the boss It's like oh well we're not letting her leave with that guy or they might get a little jealous。

 you just want to say hi's it going sometimes if they are a little bit like oh you doing talking to our girls。

 you're like oh I knew through a friend of mine just saying hi。

 don't worry just being very friendly friendly so commanding。

 and then back on the girl Okay and the same with the two sets sometimes at the end。

 they will try to prevent the poll but you don't need to worry as much about winning them over it's like oh they're talking to the other girls in the group it's all good focus on the main girl Now in terms of the dance floor。

 stay a girl， they're dancing in the middle like fucking crazy。

 how do you proceed then Okay well if it's a dance。For this is the way that I go about it。 Okay。

Ultimately， you can go in the same as if she's just standing still or just。

 you know hanging out with her friends somewhere。 But you have to go in with matching or a little bit more intensity。

 Okay now， understand what I say intensity。 That doesn't necessarily mean energy。 Okay。

 and this is like an old school。 you know， misconception where they're like， you know what。

 if she has massive energy on the dance floor jumping up and down， you have to offer value。 You know。

 you need to go in with the same energy or a little bit more。 It's like， no。

 it's not about the energy。 It's about the intensity。 Now， what does that mean， Okay， you can go in。

 lets say there's a girl just really dancing ors off。 like fucking crazy massive intensity。

 Now I can go in just very， very low energy， and high intensity。 Now， what does that look like， Hey。

 how's it going， No， no， no， what's your name， What's your name。 Nice to me you。😊，Okay。

 what's low energy， low intensity。 Oh hey， how's it going， Oh cool， Nice to meet you。

That's low intensity。 A， how's it going。 high intensity。

 Now I could also go in high energy and high intensity。 That's like， oh hey， what's up。

 How's it going。 Oh， cool， nice to meet you。 Yeah， there's still that depth to it。

 but I could also go in high energy， low intensity。 Like， oh， hey， what's up， Yeahy。

 nice to meet you，y， And that's not going to work。 So it's not about the energy。

 it's about the intensity。 Okay， and if you are just very grounded again very purposeful and controlleds。

 you can go up and just talk as if there's no music and girls will get sucked into that reality and they'll stop dancing。

 Okay， you'll be shocked by this。 you'll see a girl literally dancing like crazy with their friends。

 even， you just walk up like， hey， how's it going， Id to say hi， and especially if it's loud。

 you can kind of use that as an excuse to get in closer。 You know， add some proximity。

 like get in talk to her ear like， how' it going and she'll just stop dancing。 Okay。

 if there's that certainty in that depth to it。 So don't worry about going up and just dancing for hours next to the girl。

 walk in， if you want to be high energy， you can but just focus on the intensity。 open。😊。

Start talking。🎼あのセ挙。It's definitely kind of sex girl， How about you？Now。

 realize that with the dance floor， you know， no girl's gonna want to spend two hours talking to some guy while being bumped into with loud music。

 so they'll stop and they'll talk to you for a little bit。 but at some point， they're like， listen。

 this is just not convenient and they'll probably go back to dancing。

 So what you're gonna want to do is you're gonna open。 the same principles applied。

 fucking intensity， and once you've hooked the girl。

 try to move her somewhere where you can actually get to work。 it's like， you know what， So too loud。

 It's too loud， Come over here。 come over here， come my friends， don't embarrass me。

 but come my friends。 and you can drag her to maybe the outside area of the club。

 you can drag her to the bar to get some water。 you can drag her to the side。

 You just want to bring her somewhere you can keep the interaction going。

 go in equal or higher intensity。 hook the girl and then move her somewhere where you can get to work。

 Don't just stay there in the middle of the dance floor。Where are you from， Texas？Oh my god。

 Dallas are you in。I never see you there。I've been there twice so， but so。🎼一和雪良。Why， I Chris。

I you can say that。I didn't don film dance。🎼我感觉个。🎼Don't even fight for me。Come outside。

 come now two minutes don't fucking embarrass me。🎼now what if the girl is seated okay。

 you might encounter this if you go out and say the girl's sitting at a coffee shop， you know。

 like drinking coffee， she could be sitting out in a restaurant。

 maybe on the patio maybe in a lounge know like on a couch， maybe in a bar at a little table。

 what if she is sitting down。 Now if she's sitting down again the same general rule applies go up open the main girl and just start talking start talking。

 start setting the rhythm， start passing her test and reaching that hook point Now you can do this while standing up you don't need to be like sitting next to her like kneeling down but realize that after a certain amount of time。

 it starts getting a little weird you start putting yourself in a position where you're less comfortable than the girl and it kind of communicates that you're trying harder than she is you're reacting more than she is and though you're not again in your own little reality kind like self-ammusing。

 You're like oh shit's like I really need the girl to go through all this shit。 So talk for。usually2。

3， maybe five minutes， Max standing up， but then you want to put yourself in a position where you're either both standing up or both sitting down。

 Now the best situation you'll encounter with a seated set is when the girl is sitting down and there is a free spot next to her this could be on a couch where she's just sitting there and you can just pretty much a sit down straight right next to her it could be at a table。

 say she's eating at a restaurant， there's a free chair and sometimes you can even create those opportunities for yourself。

 if she's sitting down， say at a bar， you can actually bring up a bar stool next to her if she's sitting down at a table。

 you can bring up a chair and just sit down so that would be the best scenario because now you're both sitting down you can even say something funny like sorry I'm late and just laugh it off introduce yourself purposeful straight to the point but that is good because you can just keep it going for a longer period of time。

 it's not gonna be weird。 It's not like you're spending two hours standing up and she's sitting down。

 You're both on the same level。Now， if there are no free spots next to her。

 you're gonna want to get her to stand up。 Okay the best way to do that is just to walk up again。

 put your hand out。 Okay， I call this the hand of God。 if you want a funny little name for it。

 like your hand know going through the clouds Like come here a little one。

 know and just say hi to her that way。 Now if she comp and takes your hand Li her up。

 you can be like， hey， stand up one second。 no， I just want to I just want to see something stand up  two seconds。

2 seconds， stand up， stand up real fast， real fast and get her to stand up。

 And then you can talk a bit。 And because you're on the same level， it's more sustainable。

 And because you can keep that going for longer than you just standing up weirdly。

 then once there's a little bit more， you know rapport， a little bit more comforts。

 you can find a way to make it work where you're both sitting down。

 But you want to get her to stand up。You。Oh， in love。True love， send up two seconds。

is Britain ethics excuse me。 No， it's okay。 It's okay。 one step。 One step is all count。 I saw you。

 Now， if she doesn't stand up right off the bat。 keep talking， you know。

 try to get her to emotionally invest more。 you know。

 reach that sexual hook point and then try again later。 Okay， the no in that case just means not yet。

Hi， hi， hello。Good， stand up2 seconds。🎼Two seconds。 stand up2 seconds。

 It's okay Are you from Brisbane。Chrisバs。I haven't been history for 16 years。

 how do you do Are you Australian or no Yeah， Bruces Vegas， Bribane Brisbane， Bruces Vegas。

 either the way。😊，Hello， I saw you。And I had to say hello So if the girl is walking， you know。

 like she's walking down the street towards you， she might be walking through the venue。

 how do you proceed Basically， when dealing with a walking set。

 there are two ways of opening the girl。 One is what I like to call the hard stop。

 The other is what I like to call the slow play Now， the hard stop is if the girls walking。

 you just stop her。 You're like， hey， what's up。And you try to stop her then and there。 Okay。

 if she's walking towards you， stop if she's walking， say you're in a bar。

 you're leaning against the bar。 she's walking here， stop。 Okay， you just ba off the bat。

 stop what the fuck you're doing。 sayy hello， Excus me， woman， stop walking。😡，はい。Don't go to crunch。

 or you're going to crunch。 don't ever fucking go there。I love you。

The slow play is instead of stopping her then and there， you walk with her， you start talking。

 you know， you start setting the rhythm， getting her to react to you and you stop her later on okay。

 so if the girls walking down the street， you say hi and you just keep walking with her don't cross excuse me don't ever cross。

Stay here now。 No wait， Don't cross for two minutes。 Are you Brazilian No where Canada Toronto。

 Vancouver neither Ottawa， I go to Queens， Oh really no。But I always wish I was some Ottawa。Gay。

 where are you from。UConn territory。Alberta next to B Hol， I'm 22 Hol and Gu。It's 28。

How old are you actually Now， most guys will try to go for the hard stop。 Okay， they're like。

 stop now， stop now， stop now。 But what you have to realize is with the hard stop。 Okay。

 although it's a very powerful open and the girl will be like， oh my God。

 this is amazing if it works， the percentage of it working is very low。 Okay。

 and most girls will just keep on walking。 So if you're just trying for the hard stop。

 You're losing out on a lot of opportunity。 So the way that I would recommend going about a walking set is try for the hard stop。

 You know， like why not try be like， hey， what's stop and try to stop her But as soon as you sense。

 she's gonna keep on walking quickly change courses of action。 Okay， don't just be like， no。

 hard stop， hard stop， change courses of action and walk with her。 Okay。

 because basically a hard stop。 the girl doesn't know much of value。 Okay。

 if a girl's walking down the street。 I'm like， he， what's up， I'm Julian。😊。

What sample of my personality am I giving her。 Here， What's soap I'm Julian。

 Is that much to go off of to see that I'm sexworth， Not necessarily。 Some girls will see it。

 They'll be like， oh， shit， hey， Julia like， what's up， But a lot of girls is just not enough。

 So remember， you have to create that opportunity for them to see that you're sexworthy。

 And oftentimes you need more time。 And more of you just setting the rhythm。

 getting her to react to you for her to see it。 So if she doesn't see it off the hard stop。

 walk with her。 Okay， now if you walk with her， lower your time of reaction。 Okay。

 make it happen fast， don't be like， like too slow and turn very fast。

 So you're either in front of her。 You know， she's like， say she's walking。 I'm like， hey， stop。

 She keeps walking。 I'll turn So I'm in front of her talking or side by side。 Okay。

 I don't try to let her pass。 Now if she passes you and you're like kind of running after her。

 Don't freak out， you can still make it work。 But it's better to。You know。

 just make it a little bit more smooth and don't make it seem like you're also sad about it。

 It's not like， oh， shit。I'm going for the hard stop， okay。

 it should always seem like it's part of the plan， whatever happens。It's part of the plan， you know。

 like you did that on purpose。 Hey， stop， so anyways， I was saying。

And just keep on walking like that。 Okay， so try for the hard stop， go for the slow play。

 And when you're slow playing it， again， bounce around different topics， different emotions。

 give her that bigger sample so that later on， you know when she knows that you're sex worthy and she's invested more in the attraction。

 You know by maybe talking back a little bit emotionally reacting to you。

 she'll be more willing to comply and she'll stop then okay。

 you don't have to game the girl where you open her excuse me Italian woman stop one second now how does it feel to be stopped where are you from Oh。

Save me two minutes。 No， trust me。 I'm Swedish， you stop because I'm Swedish。 No say two minutes。

 Ra us。What is it， How do you say stay here No trust two So those are the most common scenarios you'll encounter。

 you know， in terms of cold approaching women， you know， the girl with her female friends， a two set。

 the girl with a big group of female friends， the girl with her male friends， you know。

 like a mix set， the girl with a bigger group of male and female friends。

 a girl who's in the middle of the dance floor， you know， like shaking her little booty off。

 you know， a girl who's sitting at a table or sitting on a couch and the girl who's walking down the street or just simply walking somewhere。

 Now， you know exactly how to proceed， you know which each particular scenario and keep this in mind when applying everything that you learned in terms of opening。

 being physical， hooking and passing tests。😊。