# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：17、B计划跟她走_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， if you can't pull her okay if you can't follow plan A and trust me， this will happen。 okay。

 don't be like， you know what， that is just an excuse。 you know。

 you should be able to pull every single fucking girl。

 know I'm gonna master the game and I just want to reach a point where I just see her I go in I take the responsibility off of her know I find the solutions to her objections I lead and I just make it fucking happen if I can't it's a fucking sticking point I'm gonna get better and better till I can ultimately have that 100% you just see her and bang right then and there that there I'm sorry is not going to happen。

 you're dealing with human beings as we've previously covered there are always elements of randomness and the logistics won't always allow you to follow plan A okay if the girls's like listen。

 I'm with my roommate here she's completely drunk I'm the designated driver I can go to your afterpart。

 my roommate is too drunk to go to the after party I'm just gonna drive home。

I'm going to take care of her I can't get away from her I'm really sorry you can sometimes try to force it but in that particular scenario it's just not gonna happen a lot of the time okay and if you just keep trying to go for plan A plan a plan A you're gonna freak the girl out of it you're gonna seem a little too forceful a little too you know insistent and you're gonna lose her so sometimes just accept the plan A is a no go okay now that doesn't mean don't try for it always try for it but if you can't and thelogs or like no no no no no don't give up okay don't be like oh fuck I can't pull next girl okay if it's a girl that you committed to and you're like I'm pulling this girl home kill her instinct gun to the head if I don't fuck my family dies go for plan B which is go with her okay change courses of action and ultimately just go wherever she goes you can still reach that you have nothing to lose type of scenario okay now grant。

It's not as in control as plan A where you're like know what I'm bringing her home Everything is set up。

 I have an excuse for every little baby step of the way right now you're dealing with a lot more of the unknown but you can still make it happen okay remember that girl and her roommate are some point going to separate okay and you just want to be there at the end of the night with the girl one on one isolated were ultimately you can make something happen so let's actually use this is an example okay say you meet a girl and it's the second part of the night okay you go in you open。

 you hook you star viing you determine the logistics and you're like know what I'm going to commit to this girl here okay this is the girl I'm gonna spend a lot more time with and I'm just gonna ultimately fuck at the end of the night when her download bar is up here and she is ready for sex so you're like this girl come to the head no matter what now let's just say that her logistics are as we've previously said she's with her drunk。

she look with my drunk roommate she way to drink right now I can't leave alone I'm sorry I cant go to the after party no adventure for me tonight I'm again the designated driver and I'm sorry we're glued together Okay we're completely good together。

 Nothing is going to happen I'm sorry plan A no Okay。

 so what do you do you change courses of action You're like okay， plan A doesn't work。

That's fine that would have been easier but you know what there's still plan B where you go with her okay and ultimately when going with her don't think so much in terms of pulling is this girl here with her roommate。

 they probably don't sleep in the same room and at some point the roommate especially if she's a little too drunk she's just gonna to go pass out and then what happens you're in isolation。

 you're in the sex location which is in this case the girl's apartment alone with her knowing to judge her nothing to lose glory times so let's break down this particular example okay say you're with this girl who's with her drunk roommate you've talked to her for quite some time now you know her download bar her v temperature is up here she's ready for sex she can't leave her roommates and let's just say that she lives about 10 minutes away okay you've determined this when finding out about the logistics。

 you're like okay where do you guys live what area you live in oh we live about 10 minutes away I'm the designated driver I'm with my drunk roommates and right now it's the end of the night and we're going home。

So how do you proceed to ultimately end up in her apartment so the same principles apply okay you're here with a girl。

 we're going home， you're still going to have to take the responsibility off of her not make her feel like a slut and find the solutions to her objections as you baby step it all the way back so if she's like we're going home what are you going to want to do step one。

 how can I get in the car with her？Okay don't think too far ahead how can I just get in the car okay because she's going home you want to be there side by side the entire time so you might say something like oh really what area do you live in that area you know what I live there as well might want to say that as soon as you find out about the logistics if you're thinking of pulling you might also say oh you know my friend lives there I'm going to my friend's place or oh there's this afterpart I'm going to in that area you know what could you give me a lift could I you know catch a ride with you。

Okay now in her mind she's like you know what sure I don't feel like a st he found the little you know reason。

 you know the little excuse I can latch onto to let him come along good enough okay so you're gonna want to say what fucking takes to get one step closer okay you're like okay。

 I'm catching a ride you get in the car。Okay now while you're in the car。

You want to basically precede the pole because guess what once you arrive at her place。

 she's like well we're here， if you're like， oh so can I come up to your apartment or something。

 it's a little too out of the blue， the girls can be like what the fuck you're gonna kind of put her on the spot So what I'll do in this case here is in the car right there or during that time I'm going to plant a seed I'm going be like you know what do you have drinks at your place do you have alcohol do you have vodka。

 we should do some shots you know we should have some drinks anyway。

 blah b b b b bla and whatever I fucking can talk about now by doing that I kind of plant the seed for drinks Okay or I might be like you know what I really need to use the bathroom right now and then what happens as soon as we arrive in front of her apartment I can call back to this little seed that I planted I can be like you know what shots right now or oh you know I need to I need to use your bathroom。

Okay and it won't be as out of the blue so that there is something you want to do。

 especially when you know going with the girl okay kind of plant the seeds you can call back to in order to not be a little too you know creepy a little too out there so I'll plant the seed in the drive there now as soon as we arrive you're gonna want to say whatever it takes to get one step closer aka in the apartment okay so you could be like oh you know what I'm texting my friend but he's not answering you know is it a cool if I just like wait upstairs with you guys I don't want to wait outside in the cold or oh you know。

I know I said I lived here but I forgot my friend has my keys。 you know I'm locked out。

 I just texted them。 You should be here soon。 can I just walk up with you guys or you know of course drinks。

 that's always a good one like oh do you have drinks。

 Let's go for a drink can I just have one drink Can I use your bathroom okay now she might say well you're a guy be like oh I would I would never to that you know I always need to use a proper bathroom you could be like。

 well， you know what， can I just walk you to your apartment， I'm a gentleman。

 I just kind of feel like you know I'd be best if I walk you there can I just see the view from your apartment。

 can I see what it looks like， you know I'm actually looking for places right now。

 this is a really nice area， my friend lives a few blocks away who I texted， who's not answering。

 Can I just see what it looks like， I that okay I'll leave right after I promise。

 you know just two seconds， I'll just walk up and walk down。

 don't worry nothing will happen I'm tired anyway， It's all good say whatever it fucking takes get into the apartment and then say whatever it takes to just stay the fucking in there。

Until the roommate ultimately passes out okay that is the structure you're gonna want to follow so the same principles apply but now instead of going to your sex location。

 you're trying to go to hers and you kind of have to deal in real time with all of the objections and ultimately grasp onto whatever material you have to you know just get one step further one step further one step further okay so those are some great examples my personal favorite is drinks okay like afterpart drinks at your place okay I'll plant that seed what's cool at the drinks as well is that it is another form of taking the responsibility off of the girl okay she's like oh drinks it kind of amplifies like look no one knows what's happening we've all had drinks you're not really you right now it's fine you know you can be a s it's okay you've got drinks you can blame it on the alcohol okay great excuse just pour the girl a drink okay and you're gonna want to do this to ultimately with your logistics is if you're planning to pull。

The girl back to your place always have some drinks ready okay now you don't necessarily have to drink and what you'll notice is the girls won't really drink either they'll usually have like a little sip but it'll give them that extra excuse okay so drinks is always a good one especially if it's back to her place you'd be like you know what let's just have one last shot you know like a goodbye shot okay just say that if the girl is walking home you know let me walk you home okay a great one as well okay you just want to stay in stay in stay in and then when the roommate goes to sleep now you're with the girl now you're in that situation when she has nothing to lose she can be like okay。

I can go to sleep or I can fuck this guy and go to sleep because he's here。

 and because the download bar is high， I'm a girl， I love sex。

I'll just fuck him okay so stay in until you're isolated with the girl。

 say whatever it takes to get one step closer， take the responsibility off of the girl and baby step it all the way back to wherever she is going and it's important to really embrace the whole I'm just gonna stay the fuck in there no matter how potentially awkward it may get okay because when you're just staying in there you're like。

 oh you know I'm just going in the car with you or if the girl's walking home and you're just walking home with her she might be like。

What what are you doing， What the fuck， And it's very easy to kind of feel a little bit creepy especially if you've never done something like this。

 You're like walking home。 you're like， oh my god， this is so fucking creepy。

 I feel extremely uncomfortable doing this what the fuck but you kind of have to embrace that Okay that is a part of you want to be there at the end of the night you want to be there when you're isolated。

 you want to be there when the bind temperature is high。

 you want to be that last dick standing and what you have to understand is well is when you reach ultimately isolation with the girl。

 you know， say you're in the apartment and all the friends are gone or they passed out。

 you know the drunk roommate is gone there's gonna be a little switch， you know a shift in her mind。

 this's ultimately going to happen instead of being like what's this guy doing once she's alone in the room she's gonna be like oh。

 you know， there's gonna be like that shift where now she ultimately will be a lot。

More compliant to fuck you okay if you like this say you go out and you see a girl who's you know I don't really like putting numbers。

 but let's just say a six out of 10 okay I'm not very attractive lady and you would never introduce her to your friends。

 you would never you know ultimately date that girl you would never sleep with her。

 you would never you know invest the time a day normally。

But let's just say it's the end of the night and you've been you gaming all night trying to talk to all these girls and you just end up alone okay it's the end you're alone。

 you go back to your apartments， you're just like oh well。Oh well， nothing happened tonight。

 and let's just say magically， this girl appeared in front of you。The six is there in your room。

 okay， and she's like， look。I'm gonna fuck you right now。

 but don't worry none of your friends are ever going to find out they're never going to find out here is a signed contract guaranteeing that no one will ever know about this on top of that as soon as you come I will just evaporate and just disappear。

 no one will ever know she takes her clothes off， she gets on her knees， she's like you know what。

 just put your dick in my mouth right now， put it in my mouth。

 starts blowing you ultimately you will probably fuck her。Okay， you wouldn't if you met her out。

 but because she's there， it's convenient。You know the responsibility didn't take an off you're like you know what。

 no one's going know why not okay and you'll be more likely to do it the same thing happens with girls but on a much more you know extreme level she's like oh my god no one's gonna to find out I love sex this guy fuck it and she'll fuck you okay so you don't have to worry if it's like necessarily back on beforehand just reach that isolation where there'll be that little shift in her mind they really think of a stomach。

I don't think so Yeah， I think they do think you are。

I really don they think you're in fun bag where you heading。How they家 it。

What you highlight out that they think you're a scumbag。

 what do you think they're just jealous that I got you？我一名最错。No。

 because they saw you making out with me and apparently hitting on other girls at the same time and they didn't like that so much I was just chatting other girls。

For my friends。嗯哈。Good， I want。 I want you。帮 it师。谁？So there's a few last things I just want to cover。

 you know， when it comes to planer is to just stay in set until isolation okay if the girl is walking home don't make her feel selfcon about being like so。

Where are we walking to I see the we walking home together Okay because then the girls and be like oh my god what the fuck you just want to keep the little selfamed。

 you know little chat going it's like you're walking next to the girl and you're just like doing your thing you're not trying to game her you're not trying to pull her anymore you're just staying the fuck in there you're like。

So it's like oh so when did you move to Los Angeles oh cool， you know that's really nice。

 do you have about brothers and sisters， oh just like lightheted chill pull talk type of conversation。

I don't know why I like you so much， it's weird When do you get here till I？

I got here last September。And you met all your friends here in LA try to keep things a little bit vague as well okay I try to do this when pullinging I'm not like so I'm living at my friend which is exactly over there it's like try to keep it as vague as possible and then complicatedlic it and make it a little bit more detailed if you have to okay if I'm walking with the girl and she's like oh where you go in like I'm going in you know same direction anyway blah。

 blah， blah blah blah so do your brothers sisters。Okay she's like no， really where you going。

 It's like oh you know my friend lives in this area you it's like after party but anyway。

 bla blah blah okay keep it lighthearted。 it's kind of like' in your own little bubble okay of self- auseement and you're just staying there next to her know she's going home okay you're not trying to do anything or pull her anymore and ultimately when you go with her okay the previous example was back to her apartment。

 but it could just be anywhere okay if you can't go to her apartments。

 if she's by yourself and she's going to her car， you can always try to make it happen in the car。

 you can always try to make it happen in the alleyway。

 sometimes if you can't even leave the venue with her。

 sometimes you can make it happen in the venues bathroom ultimately just go wherever she goes until you're isolated and that could be anywhere so make this a habit。

 plan a try to pull her okay on your terms， if not just stay in there until you find an opportunity to isolate her take the responsibility off of her and make things happen。

Just say he's my gay friend to say that so they accept me， otherwise they'll hate me， they're like。

 he's bringing a guy， oh my God， bringing a guy。Fuck， what do you do？I know when I was younger。

 I used to model。I when there just born like my sister actually went to my she models too what do you do now pronounced I study what are you doing your master's Yeah I used to be like a massive asshole when I lived here？

那有一点。Oh， you're just traveling。I'm here till Monday now when doing this。

Sometimes it's still not going to happen okay， sometimes you're going to walk the girl home and she's be like。

 well， listen。I'm sorry， you know you can't come up to the apartment you know and say you've gone in the car with her and you're like。

 oh well I'm like 10 minutes away now fuck but don't be sad about this okay ultimately guess what okay sometimes you'll sleep with a girl but if not you got a nice reference experience of dealing with the logistics staying the fuck in there and ultimately going as far as you can go okay the analogy I used to you know explain this is the hockey analogy where it sounds a little ridiculous。

 but let's just say if I ask you you know like how would you increase your chances of scoring in hockey basically the answer is by putting the puck in front of the net。

Okay if there's the hockey goal here， the more the puck is in front of the net。

 the more you're gonna score what are you doing by following plan B。

 you're putting yourself in all these different situations where sex could happen okay you're putting the puck in front of the fucking net so make this a habit embrace it okay be the guy who just stays in you know just like persist in a shit he just won't leave it's like I'm that last extend I'm that last standing and you just try to find those opportunities where it's just you and the girl and the magic happens。

