# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：2、女性心理_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So what is attraction， Like what is it that creates that spark in a woman。

 You know that just tingles her emotions and ultimately turns her on。

 Okay because this is probably the biggest misconception when it comes to understanding women。

 You know， understanding what makes them tick， what is attraction。 if you ask anyone， you know。

 like how do you attract women， you're always going to get the same exact response。 you know。

 it's like， well， son to attract a desirable woman。

 you need to first meet society's superficial standards。 and those two main standards or looks。

 and money。 If you're not good looking， you're never going to get a good looking girl and if you don't have money。

 you're never going get anything。 you need to be good looking。 You need to be model looking。

 know like whatever societies， know， example is of good looking。

 you need to meet that requirement and you need to have money， if you don't have that， you are done。

 you're never going to attract a woman ever。 and guess what。All of that is wrong。 Okay。

 You don't need to rely on looks。 You don't need to rely on money to get a fucking girl。 Okay。

 ultimately， when you really get to the root of it all。

 you know when it just boils way and just strip away out that bullshit， What is it Okay，'ll just。😡。

Creates or causes attraction。 You know what is attraction value。 That's it。

 That is what causes attraction。 Okay， as human beings， We're really not that complex。 You know。

 you're like， oh my god， human beings so complex。 Oh my God， humans。 Oh my God， fuck no， okay。

 we basically have two drives， survival reproduction。 and that's it。 Okay。

 we're like these little basic organisms。 like， you know what， survive， survive Re survive。

 re and anything。 Okay， that improves our chances of survival or reproduction has value to us。

 And guess what that improves my chance of reproduction and then my genes will survive along until the end of time。

 Holyly shit， she has value。 attraction。 Okay， that is what causes attraction value。 And ultimately。

 beyond that， anything that causes good emotions。 Okay because oftentimes。

 the things that trigger good emotions in a person also align with the things that increase that person's chance of survival and reproduction。

 Okay so there's。Certain link there Now， at the same time。 because whenever you feel good。

 you associate that with value， guess what your emotions can also lead you atray。 Okay， for example。

 say you decide to eat a hamburger。 You're like， oh my God， big Mac。

 This feels so good I the big Mac necessarily increasing your chance of survival and reproduction。

 Probably not but you're feeling good。 So your mind like tricked。 It's like， oh。

 there must be value here。 so value isn't perfect， but this is what attraction is。

 what is attraction value， and this is something that is hardwired into all women everywhere。

 it doesn't matter what country it doesn't matter who the fucking girl is Everyone is just driven by value。

 So let's link this back to Caman times now this may sound a little bit ridiculous and out of the blue。

 Like let's start talking about caveman times， but guess what。

 attraction isn't something that's brand new。 it's not something that was invented this year。

Something that's fucking programmed into you。 You know。

s just hardwired into you from the beginning of time。 Okay and guess what。

 What attraction was back then is still what it is today。 So if we take。

 you know your typical cave man。're saying we take like an alpha cave man。

 What would determine if this guy is attractive or not things like dominance， resourcefulness。

 decisiveness。 Okay， fearlessness being very grounded， being very free。 know， being very loud。

 very selfasive。 that there is what comprises， you know like unative cave man。

 like that alpha caveman and all that， guess what is in the behavior。 Okay back in the day。

 a girls not going look at a guy and be like， know what， that caveman there， He's very good looking。

 know， he looks like a nice pretty boy， I'm very attracted by that guy。

 She's not looking at that at all because that has no value。 What has value， the behavior。

 and this is something that's very important to understand。 Okay from a woman's perspective。

Okay what constitutes an attractive male。 Okay an attractive guy is in the subcommunicated behavioral patterns。

 behavioral cues。 it's not in how he looks。 it's the way he acts。 like is this guy an alpha man。

 I this guy going to increase my chances of survival reproduction。 Yes or no。

 okay so it's not in the visual， It's in the behavioral。

 and this is also why it oftentimes takes women a lot more time to make the decision to sleep with someone than say men is men we're more attuned to the visual cues you might see an attractive woman。

 You're like oh my God， she is physically attractive。 know， I want to。 attraction is there。

 value is there。 You're good to go you made the decision to sleep with her。

 you're more like a light switch。 It's like attraction。

 and then you might see a girl who's not that attractive。 You're like not attraction。

 you decide fast because you're attuned to the visual women on the other hand。

 are more attuned to the behavioral cues so they're going need。

A lot more time to screen who is an alpha guy and who isn't。 Who is sexworth and who isn't。 Okay。

 you might walk up to a girl。 And at first glance， she's like， this guy seems pretty dominant， know。

 pretty decisive， Pre resourceful， A。 But is he really that guy。

 And then she'll take her time and judge his behavior。 Okay。

 she's gonna wait to see if something slips。 Okay， he's like really faking it。 Okay。

 so instead of being like a light switch， she's more like a volume not。 Okay。

 she needs a lot more time to be like， you know what。😊，I like this guy。 I'll sleep with him。 Okay。

 she also has a lot more to lose。 Okay， for a guy having sex。 it's just like an easy investment。

 You're just like， fuck， leave。 Okay， for a girl， what is she risking9 months of pregnancy。 Okay。

 a baby Does she want a baby with a guy who is not sexworthy with a guy who has no value。 F no。

 So all of this is ultimately why things like looks and money are not a fucking excuse。 Okay。

 no guy who's good with women is ever going to blame it on looks or money if things don't go his way。

 Okay， if he goes out and say he doesn't have a really good night， he's be like， oh man， well。

 its you know what， you did better because because of your looks， man， it's your looks。

 it's your money man， you make more money than me， That's why you did better than me。

 That's why that guy took the girl， It's his money。 It's his looks。 that will never happen。 Okay。

 guys who are good with women understand it's about the behavioral cues。 Okay， looks don't mean shit。

 Okay， why because we come from such a harsh background。 like the environment back in the day like。

haveman times was so harsh。 being like a little pretty boy wasn't a fucking asset。 Okay。

 if a girl saw a pretty boy， she's not like， oh， pretty boys increase my chances of survival and reproduction。

 that will never fucking happen。 and money doesn't matter why because guess what。

 a girl can easily get a guy to pay for her shit without sleeping with him。 all girls。

 especially really attractive girls have orbiters。 know。

 they have little guys just orbit around them。 they never sleep with those guys。

 but those guys just buy them things。 You know it's like， oh。

 I like this girl I' all this and hopes the one day she'll sleep with me。

 so she can get her money without having fucking sex。

 Okay so looks and money are not a fucking excuse。 okay you want to be focusing on the subcommunicated behavior。

 Okay and like what you're putting out there in the deeper layers。 Okay you want to be dominance。

 You want to be decisive you want to tap into that raw attraction。

 that's things like dominance attraction。 She's like oh my God like an alpha guy。

 but also things like social intelligence now。As a side note。

 another thing that has a lot of value that women will fuck you for is validation okay remember survival reproduction。

 that could be the alpha guy but it could also be for reasons that would say boost a woman's selfimage okay boost a woman's reputation in terms of survival reproduction and realize okay that being a sexworthy naturally attractive guy isn't something that you do it's something that you are and this brings us to another misconception。

 when it comes to understanding women where basically because a woman senses a man's value and the subcommunicated behavioral cues what you have to realize is that attraction is an emotional reaction and not a logical one okay and this is huge you can't logically convince a woman to feel emotional attraction for you okay it's just not going to happen men are logical women are emotional if we link this to cave。

times again。 okay， if you take an alpha guy back in the day， he's in a tribe。 he's going out to hunt。

 okay he's like killing wild animals。 He's like in this very harsh environment。

 there's no room for him to be all emotional。 Okay， there's no room for him to be like oh my God。

 I'm just so emotional。 You know， like there's a line， but I'm just so emotional。 this girl。

 he's just like， let's get this shit done。 Let's get this shit handled。

 Let's make the tribe fucking survive。 Okay， it's more like logical。 you know， task oriented。

 like let's do it。 Okay， women on the other hand。Back in caveman times are more emotional。

 they have to form emotional bonds with their babies， you know in order to help them survive。

 they have to connect the tribe together when the men get back from like a day's hunt， It's like。

 look， relax， It's all good， we maintain harmony， everything is all good and of course because they're more you know aware of the behavioral cues like is this guy sexworth is this guy not sexworth。

 is he attractive， I he not attractive， they're going be more in touch with those emotions。

 Okay so men are logical， women are emotional， they are not like you okay if you go up to a woman。

 you're like trying to logically convince or to like you， It's not gonna work if you're like look。

I'm the best match for you。 I'm a really nice guy。 I make a lot of money。 I'm good looking。

 if you're still coming from that paradigm there。 I will treat you right， I will never cheat on you。

 You will have a great time like， look， this is what your life is going to become heres the game plan。

 it's just not going work okay even if it makes sense logically what you're going to realize is that what a woman logically says she wants。

 Okay because she'll say， oh， I want like a nice sweet guy， I want the life plan。

 what she says she wants is rarely what she emotionally respond to For example， if you ask a girl。

 you know like what type of guy would you date， You know， what type of guy would you sleep with。

 What if she most likely going to tell you， She's like， you know what。😊。

I just want a guy who treats me right。 You know， I want a gentleman。 I want a nice guy。

 You know I want a very， very nice guy。 I want a guy who takes me out to dinner。

 I want a guy who walks me to the door， He gives me the little peck on the cheek。

 I want a modest guy want a respectful guy。 want a loving caring giving just a perfect you know。

 just a nice individual。 You know I want a guy who just you know is my little prince charming。

 and she'll tell you that， and you'll think， you know what， I'm a nice guy。

 Why doesn't she go for me， I'm the nicest guy here， you know， I would treat a right。

 like I would do all those things。 But who does she actually go for。

 and you'll see this time and time again， the biggest asshole around。

 all of the guys who she's fucking all of her ex boyfriendfriends probably cheated on her。

 Probably fucked her over and you keep seeing that And you're like， why she going for the asshole。

 Why isn't she just see that I'm the nice guy， what the fuck and what you have to understand is that logically。

 when she's telling you， I want a nice guy， I want to respectful。Man， okay。

 she means that she logically does want a nice guy。

 but ultimately human beings are just going to do what their emotions tell them to do and when she's face to face with that asshole。

 what is she feeling？Val， survival， reproduction， good emotions。 Oh my God。

 And then she fucks him and backwards rationalizes。 Okay。

 women live in the emotion of the moment and they backwards rationalize。

 and ultimately all human means do to some extent。 if we take that big Mac example， Okay， logically。

 you know that that's not the better choice。 You know， if someone asks you like， you know what。

 do you want to be healthy。 Do you want to live longer， You know what。

 this salad is a lot better for you。 Okay， logically you're like， you know what， I do want a salad。

 you know I do want to be healthy， I do want to start going to the gym。 But guess what。

 when that big Mac is there， are you like， you know what， I'm gonna go for the salad。 You're like。

 no， I want the fucking big Mac， I want the emotions。

 Okay does a salad give you massive emotions you're like， oh my God， a salad。 Okay。

 probably not unless you condition yourself to feel something when you eat the fucking salad。

 you don't feel shit。 when you eat the big Mac。 you're like good emotions。

 it's the same with the girl。 She's like， you what， I want the nice guy， I want the salad。

 but ultimately what is she gonna go for。The big Mac， the asshole。

 they'll tell you they want like the nice guy， you know， like I want the sweet Prince charming。

 you know， I'm a good person。 I'm a good girl。 I would never go for an asshole ever。

 okay but that there is just a form of rationalization it's a little excuse that they tell themselves in order to you know dissipate the tension between who they think they are like I'm a good person。

 I would always go for the salad。 I would never be unhealthy and their biological drive。re a big Mac。

 okay rationalizations don't listen to that shit。 look at the facts。

 look beneath the fucking surface。 Okay， this is also why sometimes it's hard to ask girls for any advice。

 okay now some girls are very self aware and they'll tell you straight up know this is the fucking deal but a lot of girls。

 you know they live in that little rationalization。 They're like。

 oh no you know you just got to be sweet。 You got to be very nice and all that is fucking bullshit。

 Okay that is like someone who got fucking knocked out by Mike Tyson trying to。Teach boxing。

 so you know what he punched me once。 So now I have authority and I can teach you how to fucking box his fist touched my face。

 I'm now an expert boxer。 okay， that is the exact same fucking thing Now as a little side notes。

 okay because women live in the emotion of the moment and then they backwards rationalize。

 What is the best way to get a girlfriend， it's important to understand this。

 fuck her as soon as possible。 that is the best way to get a girlfriend。

 this doesn't mean that the girls necessarily a slut don't be like but if you fuck as soon as possible。

 she's a slut or you will seem like an asshole， you know， if you like the girl。

 know and you want her to become your girlfriend， take your time。 you know， take her out on dates。

 you know， treat her right， you know， be very nice， you know。

 put yourself in that little nice boyfriend roll。 F no okay if I see a girl and I want her to be my girlfriend。

 Id go as fast as I can to sex。 okay， that is the best way。 and ultimately that is。

The main quote unquote challenge。 Okay because once a girl decides to fuck you。

 what is she basically acknowledging， She's like， you know what， This guy is naturally attractive。

 He's sexworthy。 He is the alpha guy， I'm spreading my legs。 You know。

 I'm risking having a kid with this guy now she's not necessarily thinking nowadays she's like you know what I'm have a kid but biologically。

 you know， that's what she's feeling。 You know， I'm risking having a kid and I'm okay with that because this guy is the shit。

 and because he's the shit， my kid will be the fucking shit。 like survival reproduction。

 So she's risking all that just to fuck you and it's a huge form of investment。

 and once she does that making her your girlfriend is a fucking joke。 Okay now。

 assuming you structured the interaction correctly。 and we'll cover this in a later segment。

 but ultimately transitioning sex to girlfriend is easy as shit Okay， she's invested massively。

 And secondly， okay what is the backwards rationalization going to do she's like oh my God。

 I fuck this guy so fast。 and what does society say。If you fuck a guy， that means you love him。 Okay。

 if you don't love the person who you fuck， you are a slut and then she'll rationalize like。

 you know what， this guy was awesome。 You know， if I fucked him and I followed my emotions in the moment。

 that means that， you know what， there was something special in the air。

 You know it was it was magic。 It was magic。 This guy。 Oh my God he just。😊，You。

 just took me off my feet。 hes the man。 Oh my God。 Okay。

 she'll backwards rationalize and ultimately fall in love with you because you fuck her as soon as possible。

 Okay， so keep this in fucking mind。 now how does this apply directly。

 you know in your interactions with women ultimately okay when talking to a woman focus on changing her mood not her mind okay the mind always follows the emotions。

 Okay， whatever you're trying to convince her to do never do it logically， okay。

 it's more important to focus on the subcommunications like the deeper layer of the interaction。

 for example， if I'm mad， I can say I am mad or I can just be like you know。

 you can just sense in the deeper emotional behavioral cues that I am mad okay girls will more likely follow that than anything logical an easy example is say you're talking to a girl and you want to bring her in a bathroom to fuck her okay。

 this is something that I used to do in Switzerland where I'd go on dates with girls and I take them to this。

Little bench that was right on the lake with a public restroom right next to it okay and Sam i'm talking to the girl i'm like you know what？

How do I bring this girl from the bench， you know， like us talking in the bench to the bathroom to fuckcker okay a little bit more of an extreme example。

 But ultimately， if I'm like， you know what， we should go fuck in the bathroom。

 what is she gonna say fuck no okay logically she'll never agree to that because it fucks with again that vision of who she is but what if I start just kissing her I'm like making out making out I start fingering her you know it's you know what you're making out now now a fingering it's like this emotional buildup now that she's emotionally turned on what is the mind gonna do you know what。

 fuck it just follow the emotions okay she'll fuck me in the bathroom and then she'll backwards rationalize okay so change her mood。

 not her fucking mind and ultimately when interacting with women focus on those subcommunications okay don't be all logical like I'm a cool guy do it in the behavior when you go up be man to woman have like that strong eye contact okay that breaking rapport tonality where your voice goes down at the end it's not like hey。

 how is it going。You know， in trying to slicate like that， it's like a， you know。

 it's very commanding it's very。Dominance like that， be physical， just be very boom okay。

 like this is me and ultimately。The three best， you know。

 emotions or subcommunications in order to turn a girl on。

 and you can kind of bounce between all three of them are adding to the fun。 Okay。

 if you go up and you're just like fun， Okay， that's a great emotion。

 The girls will logically follow。 everyone wants to have more fun。 if you are like， you know what。

 sex is just more fun。 She'll be like， really okay， she's in that little upward spiral of fun。

 You know it's like if you go to Vegas。 It's like fun。 now we're gambling。 You're like。

 now we're parting。 now we're going to the fucking drinks。 now we're gambling again。

 you'll be more likely to just throw your money on the fucking table because it's adding to the fun。

 Okay， so that would be number one adding to the fun。 Okay， focus on that when talking to women。

 number two， is challenging。 Okay， everyone likes to be like challenge。 You it's like， oh my God。

 this is a challenge。 It's like an emotional spike。 that adds kind of like some polarity。

 kind like a magnet。 It's like push pull back and forth。 this is like the baseline of flirting。 Okay。

 so number two， challenging。😊，And number three， commanding okay when you're like。

 a okay as I said before breaking rap poor you're just ordering her。

 you're telling her just very thoroughly like this is what's up。 we're like， hey。

 I'm Julian like that。 It's like oh my gosh， she feels like masculine energy。

 It tap into that raw attraction so change her mood。

 not her mind focus on the subcommunications Okay the deeper layer。

 not the surface logical layer and focus on adding to the fun challenging and commanding。

 and keep in mind as well that again， this applies to all women。

 Okay there are no exceptions to the rule。 It's like， you know what， Jenny would never fall for that。

 you know adding to the fun， challenging commanding。 know shes she's different， know she's a very。

 very nice girl。 she's very， very nice fuck that shit。

 okay all girls I don't care who the girl is she could be smart， dumb。

 she could be beautiful unattractive。 She could be nice or mean she could be all bitchy。

 she could be your girl next door， she could be your model looking girl。 It doesn't matter who。

All girls love to have more fun。 Okay， who doesn't like having more fun。 Its like。

 do you want to have more fun， Yes， okay， everyone will say yes。

 All girls love to feel that masculine like polarity， like those little challenges。

 like playful challenges。 You know， those little pushes like interesting。 Like。

 are you from Los Angeles， really interesting， they love that little you know。

 emotional spike and all girls， Okay， no matter who they are， no matter where the fuck they live。

 love to experience that masculine polarity。 Okay， so don't use that as a little excuse， like oh。

 but she is the exception， all girls， okay， this is just hardwired into them。 The last misconception。

 You know， is silly， is this may potentially sound， is that contrary to popular belief。

 Women love sex。 Okay， let me say it again， women， love sex。 Okay。

 this whole little illusion of like， know what， men are always the ones chasing after women。😊。

They are the ones who enjoy sex way more that's all they think about they're like， you know what。

 give me the pussy， give me the pussy， just running around whenever there's like a little scandal in the news。

 it's always the man who cheated on his wife， bad， bad， bad women。They're not about sex。

 They are more virtuous than that。 You know， they don't care about like， just sex。

 They're a lot more developed， a lot more mature Men。 All they think about is sex。 Okay。

 they enjoy sex more than women for women。 They'll do it because they have to。 Okay。

 that little illusion is wrong。 Okay， women love sex。 and they probably love sex more than you。Okay。

 you might be like， what they do。 Yes， they do。 Okay， think of it。

 Who has more sexual partners in a lifetime。 Men or women。 Okay， the answer is women。 who enjoys sex。

 Okay， who has a more intense orgasm during sex。 Men or women， Women， Okay。

 what your men look like during sex or just like， what do women look like， Oh my God， Oh my God， Oh。

 I just came， Oh my God， I came again， Oh my God。 Okay， who do you think like sex more。

 fucking women， Okay， so let go of the little illusion and keep that in fucking mind， women love sex。

 now， as a little side notes， this isn't bad。 Okay， if you're realizing right now， like， oh。

 I guess he's right， Women。They all love sex。 That's， that's all they think about。 Oh my God。

 all they think about is sex 24，7。 They're always thinking about the dick。

 because they love sex so much。 they'll do anything for sex。 They'll cheat on me。

 Because they like sex so much。 They're all sluts， sluts， Okay， like do not be thinking that， Okay。

 nuke that little thought right， fucking now， Okay， realize that， first of all， Okay。

 women probably have a lot more selfcontrol when it comes to sleeping around then you do。 Okay。

 if you put yourself in her shoes， what's happening every single day of her life。

 She's been offered sex。 Okay， pretty much every single guy is like， you know what。

 do you need help with your grocery bags there， What is he basically saying。

 do you want to fuck Okay， every little guys like， you know the options here。

 you know if if you want to take it， you know， I won't refuse， no sex， sex， sex。

 And what is she doing， no， no， no， no， no， Okay， a girl declines more sex in her life than you will ever decline。

 Okay， when's the last time。d sex and you're like， you know what， no， no， and she's like， please。

 and you're like。No， okay， probably。Never Ca a guy you're like， you know what， easy investment。

 you fucking grow all fuck， women have a lot more self-control。

 they deny a lot more fucking guys like hundreds， thousands okay。

 and guess what if at times you know there's the occasional little break in her willpower and she's like you know what？

Oh， I just fuck this guy big fucking deal Okay， look at the bigger picture。

 look at the small percentage of guys that she fucks okay and don't be insecure about this either okay。

 don't come from that little judgmental frame of mind where you're like oh I don't know if I should date this girl now because she love sex so much he's probably going to cheat you know if my girlfriend is being offered sex thousands of times a day。

 who knows what the fuck is going to happen， No， okay let go of that if you're all paranoid。

 guess what she probably will cheat okay， just be non-judgmental just。At ease， it's all good。 Okay。

 realize that oftentimes too， the source of that insecurity is because you can't cope with the fact that she's had more sexual experiences than you。

 It's cool。 she's been with more guys。 she has more options。 and you just get all paranoid。

 let go of that realize that as a girl， her sexual peak will come a lot earlier。 like in her 20。

 she's like youthful and beautiful and for a guy， you know it kind of lasts over the course of a lifetime and the peak will come later。

 okay so let go of that and realize too that if the girl loves you。

 she forgets about all those other guys she's been with。

 She doesn't even notice all the other guys to just hit on her。

 Okay she might not just block them off she might take in the validation but don't get paranoid。

 You're like know what， it's all good。 she loves me and I'm not going to indulge in that little insecure。

 paranoid judgmental way of thinking I'm like she's gonna cheat。

 she's gonna cheat because guess what that is when the cheating actually does happen。

 Okay so nuke that thought from your mind。Right now and realize as well that just because a girl like sex。

 okay doesn't mean that she's a slut。 Okay there's a big misconception there as well。

 where people think that most girls， you know， might have1，2，34， maybe 5 sexual partners。

 know like under 10 sexual partners and that's like the majority like say 90% of women。

 and then there's a little10% up there of mythical sluts。 you know it's like the little 10%。

 they have like 10，20，30 hundreds of sexual partners and they are sluts and I want to stay away from those。

 you know， I want a normal girl。 you know I want the 90% but all that is just fucking wrong。

 okay in reality， it's like maybe5% of women have had under say5 you know10 sexual partners know little 5% and oftentimes it's because of religious reasons it's like oh。

 I don't want to because I know sex before marriage or whatever it may be and other times it's just because they're fucking weird girls who've had like。

wo to three or four， maybe five sexual partners are fucking weird most of the time。 Now， of course。

 okay there are like the little rare exceptions， but most of the time they're fucking weird。

 then there's maybe 90% of women who've had， you know say 20，30。

50 sexual partners those are like the normal girls and then there's another little 5% of women who've had like hundreds and you can consider those sluts okay now of course。

 I'm just making up these numbers off the top of my head it's not like 5% exactly but just to give you a general idea。

 okay women love sex and most normal girls have had multiple sexual partners。

 it doesn't means that they're sluts。 if you ask any guy who's good。

 okay if he's put alone in a house with a girl， and say they spend a week together if you ask him like are you guys gonna eventually wind up having sex。

 the answer is yes， okay even if the girl is normal。

 if put in the right circumstances and she's like， you know how to actually enjoy this guy。

 why wouldn't she fuck him okay。It doesn't mean that she's a fucking slut。

 this is the new reality Now if this is news to you okay this is something that you may find a little shocking like whoa。

 you know women love sex， what here is why okay first of all。

 women have two personalities okay one for people who they find attractive and another for people who they find unattractive okay we call this the lover versus the provider okay so basically whenever a woman is interacting with a man she's going to categorize that man as being either the lover and this here linking it back to caveman times is that alpha guy okay that sexworthy。

 naturally attractive guy who taps into that raw attraction。

 he's like you know what I'm the shit he's carefree he doesn't judge the girl because ultimately girls will also be whatever you expect them to be So if you're like know what it's fine let loose。

 I know you love sex， it's all good， I'm not going to judge you。

 whatever she's gonna be like okay she's gonna act very differently with。

That guy probably sleep with him a lot faster than say the provider a provider is usually a guy who's a little bit more judgmental。

 you he's like you know what I want a girlfriend， but she can't sleep around。

 she can't like sex she can't be a slut know I'm very judgmental I'm gonna be screening for all of this and the less promiscuous she is you know I'm going to treat her right and buy her all these dinners。

 buy her all these nice fancy meals I'm going to provide to her in order to get her when she sees a guy who's a provider usually she'll hold off sleeping with him in order not to be judged and also the longer she waits the more she can actually get away with in terms of the services that he provides he's like you know what come for dinner come for dinner she's like I would never sleep with you peck on the cheek He's like more dinners than more dinner and he just keeps on chasing and chasing and she can ultimately use that little provider to buy her all these services to take care of her and meanwhile if you're a lover know she'll like fuck them on the side a lot faster。

have two personalities， lover provider。 and if this is news to you guess what probably up to now you've been categorized as being a provider。

 The other reason is that in society， men and women are judged by different socially established standards okay there's a double standard ultimately if a guy goes around and say he sleeps with multiple women what happens people will probably congratulate them'll be like dude。

 you're the shit fuck yeah this guy's a boss women will actually be more attracted like that guys awesome you know has the social proof there they're like if other women want him I want him as well that means he's special that means he's one of those you know Al sexworthy guys it actually brings him up on the social ladder okay now what happens if a woman does that she sleeps around has multiple sexual partners slut no one wants to be with that girl she loses her value she drops on the social ladder she has a really bad reputation and ultimately that does not increase。

er chance of survival or reproduction Okay so for men， if they sleep around fuck yeah， for women。

 if they sleep around， okay so there is a double standard there。

 And ultimately what you have to realize is that women love sex， they want sex。

 but because okay have the standard here they pretend that they don't because if they openly admit it social ladder fucked so like oh we don't like sex and they live in this constant dilemma and ultimately if they aren't that sexually open with you。

 it's because you didn't make them feel like it was okay。

 you didn't make them feel like what they were doing or what you wanted them to do was cool so the best analogy I have to illustrate this is what I like to call the my boss Michael analogy so let's just say for example。

 that right now you work at Starbucks。 really just picture it you work at Starbucks and one day your boss Michael comes up to you and he's like。

 listen。You've been doing a great job here at Starbucks。 And I'm going to offer you a promotion。

 Okay， tomorrow night， you are gonna to be promoted and you're gonna have your dream job。 Okay。

 so really picture it right now， your dream job， whatever that may be， nothing to do with Starbucks。

 your fucking dream job on top of that。 you will have infinite money， infinite abundance。

 infinite freedom， everything you've ever wanted。😊，Pinnacle the peak， it's yours tomorrow night。

 You've fucking killed it here。 It's all yours on top of that。 You know what I'm gonna do。

 I'm gonna throw you a fucking party。 Okay， tomorrow night。

 there's gonna be a party or I'm going to invite the top 100 beautiful women on earth。 Okay。

 and when I say top 100， I don't mean the random top 100。 I mean， your personal top 100。 Okay。

 so think back to your childhood， your high school crush。 Okay， whatever women you want， you know。

 could be celebrities models， actresses， your personal top 100 are going to be there to celebrate that promotion with you。

 Just you in 100 fucking women naked。That's the party， Okay， so tomorrow night， promotion。

 party sound good， you're like。Yes， thank you。 Yes， like this is the best。 Okay。

 this is like the best thing you could ever happen to you。 You you're like， fuck yeah。

 Now Michael's like， listen。😊，I'm glad you're appreciative。

 but there's one condition and that condition is you're going to go to this party and you're going to enjoy yourself and you're going to have fun。

 but you're not allowed to sleep with any of the women there。 If you sleep with a woman there。

 you are fired， you have nothing okay， that dream job， that money， that freedom， the abundance。John。

Okay， so you're like， oh， okay， well， that kind of sucks。 But you know what I'm going to go。

 I'm going to enjoy myself。 It's all good。 Okay， so Michael's like， fine。😊，Have fun。 Okay。

 so you go to the party the next night。 And as soon as you enter the room。

 the hundred women there just start hitting on you。 Okay， not just hitting on you like， oh。

 I like how you're dressed。 They're like grabbing you， trying to grab your dick。

 trying to turn you on。 They're like， you know what just fuck us all at the same time right now。

 And you're like， oh my God， oh my God， Just getting massively emotionally turned on But then you look up and say there's a little balcony。

 you know， overlooking the scene。 and you just see Michael there like，😊。

I even to sleep with them like just， you know， making sure nothing happens。 You're like。

 you're caught in that little dilem。 You're like， I really emotionally want to。 logically。

 Michael's there。 And if I do， I lose it all。 Okay， pretty similar to a girl。 It's like， I love sex。

 But if I do something， I'll feel judge and I'll lose it all。 Okay， now。

 let's just say that one of the girls there。 Okay， who's a little more socially savvy than the rest。

 takes you drags you to the side behind like this little pole where Michael can't see。

 and then she tells you， listen。 Michael can't see us right now， he will never know。

 I will never tell him， just fuck me。 It's okay。Stick it in。Okay， now what did she successfully do。

 She made you feel like what you emotionally want to do is okay。 okay。

 she helped you with the rationalizations and you're like。Done。

Okay so you want to do that when you're interacting with women。 It's like women love sex。

 but there's always a Michael。 Okay where is the Michael， I it the friends who are judging her。

 Is it the environment， I it you， okay because sometimes she doesn't want to feel like。

 oh like I don't want to tell this guy that I love sex because then he'll judge me as well。

 Where's the Michael and make her feel comfortable doing what she emotionally wants to do The way that I view it is there are two brains in a woman。

 there's the logical brain and the emotional brain okay and emotionally。

 as long as you tap into that raw attraction， you know basically like she'll sleep with you for validation like oh my God。

 you're good。 she's emotionally attracted。 but on the logical side。

 there's the whole like socially conditioned mind where she's like， oh the Michael， the Michael。

 I'm gonna lose my value and oftentimes if she's just really turned on she'll kind of do the rationalizations for herself。

 but you can also help her with that and you do that by。Dragging her behind the pole。

 basically taking all of the accountability off of her shoulders。

 So be sure to keep all of this in mind when interacting with women from now on。 Okay。

 what is attraction， value。 Okay， basically anything that increase your chance of survival or reproduction and beyond that good emotions。

 Okay， that there is not viewed in terms of money or looks， it's in the subcomicated。

 behavioral cues。 looks and money are not a fucking excuse。

Beyond that men are logical Women are emotional。 Okay。

 they're not like you and focus more on the subcommunications。 Okay， change her mood， not her mind。

 the magic that happens in an interaction is in the deeper layer。 Okay， not the surface layer。

 for example， the words or the content。 Okay， it's in the emotions。 Okay， focus on adding to the fun。

 challenging her and commanding。 more fun。 Everyone loves it， challenging masculine polarity。

Commanding masculine energy okay and of course， accept that women love sex， okay。

 but they're not going to blatantly show it to you by risk of losing social value and what i would even recommend doing with this last one is taking it to the fucking limit。

