# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：13、（确定物流）了解她的基本情况_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So we've covered how to open， how to be physical， how to hook， how to pass or tests。

 the different types of sets that you may encounter， you know how to vibe， ultimately， what is left。

 how to close。 But before we get to that， there is something very important that you have to do in every single interaction。

 and that is determine the logistics。 basically， in order to know in which direction you're going to take the interaction。

 you need to first know what you're dealing with。 What you have to realize is that being sexworthy isn't enough。

 it is the baseline of the interaction。 Yes， and without being sexworthy。

 you're not going to get very fucking far。 but don't expect that just by the fact that you're sexworthy。

 You know， girls are just going jump on your dick。 it isn't enough。 you still have to make it happen。

 you still have to lead， you still have to take the responsibility on your shoulders。 You know。

 no girl is ever going to receive like a slut。 And if you're just vibing。 you're like， you know what。

I'm sexworthy。 fuck yeah。 and you just expect something to magically happen。 You are dead wrong。

 Okay， you have to make it happen。 You have to direct in which way the interaction is going to go。

 And if you don't know what you're dealing with， If you don't know what the situation is。

 if you don't know what the logistics at play are you're not going to know in which direction to steer the interaction。

 You know， you're gonna be like， well， should I take her to my place， Should I take her to her place。

 Should I go for the number， Is it possible， is it not possible， how the fuck would you know。

 So make it a habit to determine the logistics in every single interaction。

 And that includes hers but yours as well， So let's start with hers， Basically。

 there are two ways of determining her logistics。 The first way is simply asking for them。 Okay。

 make it a habit to ask the following questions in every single interaction。 Who are you here with。

How do you know each other， What area do you live in， Do you have roommates， Are your friends here。

 your roommates， How did you get here， How are you getting home， What are you doing tomorrow。Okay。

 I try to ask these questions in every single interaction。

 And the sooner you find out what her whole situation is， the better。 Okay。

 you want to be doing that from the very start。 you go in， you set the rhythm， B， you hook。

 What are you dealing with， Okay， oh cool， who are you here with， Oh。

 how do you guys all know each other， Oh， where do you live， What are you， Oh。

 What are you doing tomorrow， Do you have roommates， How do you get here， How are you going home。

 Okay， you need to be asking these questions。 don't get caught up and just having fun， fun， fun。

 and just hoping that something will magically happen because you're having fun。

 be proactive about this。 Okay， make it habit。 every single fucking girl ask for the logistics。

 Now when you do this， don't go full interrogation mode。 Okay。

 see this sometimes happen where clients learn about the logistics。

 And they just go up and they stack the questions， Theyre like， so Where do you live。

 What about this， What about this。 And the girls's like， what the fuck。

 like you want to sprinkle these question is in with some fun， You it's like。Fun， fun， fun。

 So anyway， what area do you live in。 Oh， cool， Fun， fun， fun。 Do you have roommates。😊，Okay。

 you want to do it that way and also be aware of， you know， how you're making her feel。 Okay。

 if you ask a girl， where do you live， you know， it's just very forward。 She's gonna to be like。

 what's the fuck， Like what's your address， Don't do that。

 If you want to find out where a girl lives， ask her， what area do you live in。Okay。

 then you can ask her， do you have roommates， okay， but if you want to be even less forward。

 you can be like， you know what？You look like you live in a small apartment。 Don't you。 Oh， no。

 I live in a big apartment。 I actually have roommates。 Oh， cool， Are they Are they here with you？ Oh。

 no， you know， they're sleeping， or oh， yeah， they're here with me。 Co logistics， check。

 Okay so remember those questions。 Don't go full interrogation mode and don't you know。

 raise her defenses by making her seem or feel like a slut。 The second way is baiting her for them。

 Okay， let's just say you're talking to a girl and it's just going well， You know。

 you're vibing and vibing and vibing。 And let's just say that you drop in the word after party。

 You're like bla b after party。 Okay， and we'll ultimately cover this when we get to polling where you can say after party is an excuse to bring the girl back to your place。

 But for now， let's just say you don't even intend on pullinging。 you don't want to leave the venue。

 you're just chatting， but you just say after party to bait her for the logistics。 Okay。

 if I'm talking to a girl， I'm like after party。 Now what is she gonna do， She's gonna to be like。

 oh， no， I can't。😊，Friends or oh， sure。 like where where is the after party。

 We can maybe join you later or oh， sorry， I'm working early tomorrow。 We're taking it easy tonight。

 I'm really sorry， and you bait her for the logistics that way。

 It's like you put in the little after party。 It's like after party。 after party。 And she's like。

 yes， no， okay， you can do those little pokes to find out what you're dealing with。

 You can also do this where say you talk to your girl。 You're like， know what， come Oh， no， no。

 no I'm with my friends。Now you know she's here with her friends， oh cool。

 how do you guys all know each other？Okay and then you can mix in the questions with you know baiting the girl for the logistics。

 so these are the two ways that you determine what her situation is after。

Take your friends say you have you have the bathroom。🎼I'm with okay， Ive catch up one girl。

 That's only girl I'm talking with。 I'm here with my 30 people。 Now， what about yours。 Now。

 this is something that a lot of guys funny enough tend to neglect。 What the fuck are your logistics。

 Okay， whenever I go out， I always ask myself， okay。

 where am I staying in relation to where I'm meeting this girl。 Okay， if I'm out at night。

 It's like where am I staying in relation to the venue， if I'm out during the day。

 where am I staying in relation to the area in which I'm going out。What are the logistics。

 How did I get there， Okay， how am I getting back， Okay， am I driving， Am I taking the train。

 am I taking a bus， What are the transportation logistics。

 How am I gonna bring this girl back to the quote unquote sex location， If you're out at night， know。

 what time am I waking up tomorrow。 What is the deadline。 Okay， how long can I stay up till。

 now is a little side note， usually you're gonna want to commit till 4 or 5， even 6 a。

 Okay because at the end of the night， that's when the download bar is high。

 That's when things happen。 but you need to be aware of all of these things， You're like， okay。

 I'm staying here， I'm going out here， now， in between， where I'm staying and， I'm going out。

 what are some of the you know late night venues that are open。

 Maybe there's like an after hours diner。 Maybe there's this after party。

 Where are some of the places I can bouncer to in between the venue and my place。 Okay。

 What are my logistics， Okay， you have to be very practical about this， What's your situation。

 What is my。Situation as well。 And lastly， a question that you want to be asking yourself at all times。

 Where is her download bar or buying temperature at， Okay， like， what time of the night is it。

 I it early on where she's a little bit more stifled， Is it later on where she's， you know。

 ready to get pulled， ready for sex， Where is it at This question here affects everything， Okay。

 so determine her logistics， determine your logistics， Find out where you are。

 when it's time to make things happen。 And now you know how to proceed。😊。

