# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：15、收尾_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So now that you have the interaction going， you know， like you're vibing， you're talking to the girl。

 you know， you're both reacting off of each other。 You've determined her logistics。

 and you've also determined yours beforehand。 Her bind temperature is reaching the top。 know。

 she is ready for sex。 She is ready for the climax。 It's time for you now to make something happen。

 it is time for you to close。 And what do I mean by clothes， I mean sex。 and this is very important。

 What you should be aiming for。 in terms of the outcome of every single interaction is sex。

 it's not to go on a date。 It's not to hang out with her again。 It's not to get her number。

 It's not to get a kiss。 It's to put your dick inside her。

 and I don't care if you're looking for a one night stand。 a fuck buddy a relationship。

 Ca guess what？ All of that starts with sex。 sex is the biggest form of investment。

 and that's where you should always be aiming for。 Okay， just try to fuck her。As soon as possible。

 okay so you have to make that happen。 okay， aim for sex at all times。

 and I don't care if you're new at this either， you know。

 because it can be very overwhelming if you never talked to a girl before， you're like， oh my god。

 like now I have to fucking close and aim for sex holy shit， know。

 I'm just gonna start off with the opening， know， I'm just gonna focus on that at first wrong。 okay。

 the way that you learn this is you repeat the entire process。 Okay， you repeat opening， hook。

 vibing and ultimately closing。 okay， it's not like。

 oh first I master opening and once I've mastered opening。

 I'm gonna master hook and once I've mastered hook only then can I start focusing on vibing。 okay。

 not at all。 now， of course， don't psych yourself out。

 don't like think too far ahead when you're talking to a girl。

 you're like if you haven't even open her yet， don't be like oh am I gonna close her okay like think of that when the time is right。

 be very present to the moment， but still practice it all。Push all the way through。 Okay。

 the end goal is always sex and you learn game。 Okay。

 you learn this whole process by aiming all the way through to the end zone。 Okay。

 so always be aiming to close， always be aiming to fuck the girl Okay because ultimately， too。

 if you're focusing on mastering opening or mastering a certain stage。

 you're never going to master it。 is there ever a point where you're like you know what。

 I'm now good enough at opening。 or you know what， I'm now good enough at hooking fuck no， okay。

 that never happens， you can always get better。 Okay， so aim for the end zone。 and ultimately。

 you just get better by repeating the entire process。 Okay， if you're new。

 guess what it's kind of like a tightrop back where you're like open sex。

 Holyly shit fuck up Holyly shit fuck up holy shit bang and I made it。 Okay。

 now you you might not make it consistently， but you're still aiming to go all the way through And basically the better you get the more advanced you get the more this little tightrop。

Baically， it turns into a bridge， you know， like a solid structure where you're just like sex， sex。

 sex， sex， sex。 Okay， you're just a lot more consistent。 It's not the next step or next crazy thing。

 It's consistency。 Okay so no matter who you are no matter where you're at。

 start aiming for it and basically take on what I like to call the killer instinct。

 Okay where when you're talking to a girl， you're like look。

 it's up to me to make the shit happen and I'm gonna go as far as I fucking can Okay if you're on the little Trop like oh my god my god。

 you're still aiming to go till the fucking end。 you have to be a shark。 Okay。

 kind of similar to sales。 You have to be a fucking wolf， you have to be a shark。

 you have to be like weasel just ready to rip you know， some little rodents throat out。

 It's like that's the mentality you should come pulling。 it don't just be like， I hope it happens。

 you have to make this shit happen。 Okay again， no girl is ever just gonna jump on your dick by you just。

You know， having fun and just staying there。 It's like you have the logistics， you do it。

 you've taken responsibility。 The girl's never gonna seem like a sch。

 She's there waiting for you to fucking do it and you have to be fucking proactive about this shit。

 Okay so when I'm talking to a girl I'm like okay， I'm gonna close。

 I'm going all out okay the you know analogy that I use for this is just say you're talking this girl you're like oh man。

 I can't wait to sleep with her how far would you push it if someone just walked up and like put a gun to your head and they're like。

 look man。If you don't have sex with this girl here， your entire family dies。

How far would you push it， Would you be， oh， I'm just gonna stop after opening F no。

 You'd be going all the way till the fucking end。 You would not eject too early。

 You would be very persistent。 now of course， don't push things too far。 if you get real resistance。

 you know， back the fuck off。 but you should be coming from that frame of mind there。 Okay。

 so kill fucking instinct。 One of the biggest reasons。

 guys just don't get the girl is because they eject way too early。 know， they're talking to the girl。

 And as soon as it gets a little messy。 They're like， oh you know what， No。

 and they just jump the fuck out or leave or like， oh， I have to go now。

 and all their interactions are like 2，3， maybe five minutes long。 It's like， no。

 if you want to sleep with the girl。 Remember， it's like。

Amping up the buying temperature okay and unless it's the end of the night。

 you know you're in part three of the night where people are outside the club。

 the girls you know been pumped the entire night and you find that one。

 you can just drag the you know drag home within five minutes good。

 but unless it's that you're not gonna to get any results okay it doesn't matter how good you are start having longer fucking interactions。

 stay in， make something fucking happen okay so gun to the head。

cker or your family fucking dies food。Its。Adventure。Stay。で。Drinks。come with here。

I'm going like three blocks away。In。Now。And ditch the friends。I'm going to。

So there are three possible outcomes to an interaction when it comes to closing。

 There's what I like to call plan A， plan B and plan C Okay plan A is pull her plan B is go with her and plan C is get her number and we'll be covering these in the following segments。

 but this is how I want you to view know the possible outcomes of every single interaction。

 you either pull her， you go with her or you get her number Now always aim for plan A always aim to pull the girl why because ultimately pulling the girl that's basically。

 you know， come and just like bringing her back to say your place， your car， an alley。

 wherever you're going to sleep with her okay like the sex location， if you will。

 that is ultimately the easiest way。 you don't have to deal with her friends。

 you don't have to deal with all these crazy logistics that you don't know about。

 you're in control of the situation， you're just like let's fucking go okay and that's how I view it。

 Why make things more complicated than they need。B， okay， if you could just pull her。Pull her。 Okay。

 so that's plan a aim for that at first。 numbers come now don going to the after party in。Now。Now。

 if you can't pull the girl okay because sometimes the logistics just won't allow it。

 you know if the friends are like， you know what， we are not leaving her， she can go with you。

 she stuck with us or roommates， we came here together we are going home together and sometimes there's just nothing that you can do then opt for plan B okay but only make things a little bit more complicated if you have to okay and plan B is if you can't pull her go with her okay like this girl doesn't sleep in the same bed as her roommates you know hopefully or actually you know if she does you might make something happen there but at some point the friends are going to leave at some point the logistics are going to be in your favor and in that case go with the girl Rooseve。

That's not convenient whatever area you live in after。

 of course if you can't and that's just out of the fucking question only then do you go for plan C。

 which is get her number but as we've just talked about before。

 don't aim to get the number aim to fuck her first and number is not even plan B。

 it's plan C Okay and when you get the number ultimately you try to plan know a second meet with her or the logistics or in your favor and you can then opt for plan A or plan B come out tonight to Q it is。

I need to know where it is，'ll ask my friend I'll text you。

That's a good idea Okay That's how I want you to view it。 Pull her， if not， go with her， if not。

 get her fucking number to pull her or go with her on a future date。

 And one last thing I just quickly want to throw in here before we break these down in further detail is because you're now aiming for sex。

 Okay like that is the new clothes。 sex， sex sex be fucking ready and be a little bit more proactive about it Okay because again。

 if you're newer， you're like oh my God， I've never talked to a girl。

 your mind will kind of ignore certain aspects of it Okay for example。

 going out with a condom on you， always have a condom。

 always expect something to happen and always be ready beforehand。 Okay， have your room ready。

 have the fucking condom on you and just start expecting sex okay because especially if you're new。

 it'll oftentimes happen when you least expect it。 You'll be talking to a girl and you're like oh shit。

 something could happen。Fuck， no condo。 F， okay， so be ready and ultimately be proactive。

