# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：3、内部游戏【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So welcome to the inner game module。 Okay in the next two videos。

 you're gonna learn exactly what it means to be what I like to call sexworthy。 Okay。

 being that naturally attracted guy， being that asshole。

 you heard me talk about this when talking about female psychology。 where I'm like。

 you know what women will say they want the nice guy。

 know who buys some flowers and takes them out to nice states。

 but who do they end up fucking the asshole。 now when I say this， don't misinterpret it。

 if you're new and you're like， you must be an asshole， know， when you start walking up to women。

 just being a complete dick， you know， just being mean， trying to bring them down， it's like。

 you know what， treat them like the whos that they are， That's how they'll like you， you really。

 really come from the wrong frame of mind。 Okay， doing that is gonna be way worse than if you even supplicates to the girl。

 so when I say asshole， I don't mean being a dick， I don't mean being mean。

 I mean being a real fucking man。 having that raw masculine energy， being。

a guy who's in his fucking prime。 Okay， like if you take any social gathering。

 there's always that one guy who just fucking stands out。 You know。

 everyone's always trying to fit in。 You know， it's like， if I just fit in the puzzle。

 if I don't stand out， no one will dislike me。 You know， when guys try to just be like。

 you know what， I'm just gonna be me and they hold back。 They kind of。

Monitor the way that they come off。 You know， they try to oh， present themselves in certain ways。

 a guy who's in his fucking prime is just like， you know what， this is me。 You know。

 he assumes who he is。 He has good fucking intentions。 He doesn't hold back。

 He's on his fucking path and purpose in fucking life。And that rawnuness there。

 that fucking pillar just stands the fuck out。 And that's what women are just drawn to。

 Okay now when you hear this， it can seem a little， you know。

 wishy washy like you know because this is something that you ultimately emotionally recognize。

 but to break this down and a logical way and really cement it into your mind It's your fucking reality。

 I broke it down into what I like to call the four pillars of sexworthiness。

 ultimately being purposeful， controlled， flowing and selfammused。

 Okay this here really encapsulates again， that fucking guy。

 Okay and understanding these four pillars， you're always gonna be able to monitor。

 know the way that you come off in terms of that energy in terms of that vibe in terms of that aura。

 know， you may be a little too purposeful and not controlled enough， You may be a little too choppy。

 not very flowing。 you may be a little too attached to the outcome and not in your own party。

 not selfammused， just enjoying your actions。 and you can again， monitor where you're at。

Make the little subtle adjustments to really come off in a way that is naturally attractive。 Okay。

 so in the next two videos， I'm going to break down exactly what each of these pillars are。 Okay。

 what they mean， why women find them attractive。 And I'm also going to teach you how to grow into them。

 Okay， just simply by the actions that you take on a consistent basis。 Okay， so check it out。

