# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：18、临门一脚的阻力_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So the last situation you're going to find yourself in， you know。

 in terms of finding the solutions to her objections is transitioning from the sex location to sex。

 Okay， it's not from the venue all the way to the afterpart。 your apartment， her apartment， a car。

 a dark alley。 Now you're there。 You're isolated。 you' successfully baby steppedpped her all of the way there。

 Why taking the responsibility off of her， know we can feel comfortable now。

 how do you engage into putting your dick inside her。 Okay because if you take that little situation。

 girls will also come with objections。 they put up a little bit of resistance。 where it's like， no。

 no， no， no， no， we can't， We can't in order to not feel like a slut。

 and you have to now deal with that。 and this is commonly known as what we call last minute resistance or to abbreviate it LMR。

 Now， of course， you're not always going to get like massive resistance。 Okay。

 really depends on how much time you have to really you structure your interaction。

 qualify the girl set the right frame where it's man to woman。

 you know where you're both being pulled together。But sometimes it can be a little bit more out there。

 You know， she's like， no， no， no。 And it is important that you learn how to。

 you know overcome those objections。 So the biggest mistake a lot of guys make when bringing girls home is as soon as they enter the sex location。

 They just stop。 Okay， they stop the pulling process。 You， they're like， okay， we're here。 Well。

 now it's gonna magically happen。 know， and they take all of the pressure off。 Okay， remember。

 we already talked about this where once you engage in pulling the girl don't fucking stop。

 if you stop， you lose all of the momentum， the download bar drops。

 if you bring a girl home and now you're in your apartment。

 and then you just like sit down and just start chatting or just doing nothing。All of that build up。

 that emotional， you know， fine temperature is gonna go the girls be like， okay， well fuck this。

 She might also become a little bit more selfconscious。 Like oh my god。

 this moved a lot faster than I thought I would。 now I'm in this apartment。 my God。

 I guess it is a little bit sluty And if you stop things just like really slow it down。

 you'll take sometimes too much time And if it's the end of the night。

 girls will easily get tired and then like you know I would have， but it's just too late now。

 I'm sorry， so you always want to be moving things forward。 Okay， always keep the pressure on。

 now that doesn't mean as soon as you enter the apartment or where you gonna you're just like you just jump on her。

 you can slow things down。 but I just keep your foot on the gas pedal。 Okay。

 never fully just release it。 So the first step is engaging her physically。

 now you can do this by just jumping in。 like you walk in the apartment。

 You just grab her wall slam and just start making out and going from there。 that can work。

 and you can。You know like don't calibrate before， just do it。 If the girl tenses up。

 take a step back， practice the three steps that we previously covered。

 Okay step back statement of empathy， quickly change the topic wash and repeat or you can slow play it where you basically sit down you pour her a drink you start like give her a little bump bump physically like a little hug and start just going from there till you get a kiss finger fuck and ultimately with time。

 you'll just get a feel for you know which one is going to work it's like that nice social intuition like with this girl know because I've set up the interaction this way this is the current frame。

 this is where her buying temperature is at if we're like really physical throughout。

 I can probably just slammer against the wall this girl here I'm probably gonna have to slow play it and just baby step my way there okay so those are ultimately the two ways but you do have to start being physical in know the sex location where you're isolated Now when you do this this is when you're going to encounter last minute resistance okay。

To now you're in the apartment。 you know it might be a little bit awkward。

 The girl's like so what's gonna happen。 but as soon as you start being physical。

 She's like who I can't do this。 it's too fast。 listen， I just met you oh my god I can't have sex。

 I'm not that type of girl。 Oh my god my god my god objection， objection。

 objection now you have to find the solutions to those now my two personal go tos my favorite go tos is first of all。

 it doesn't count as sex and the second one is it makes it sexier this is like the new version of afterpart and adventure it doesn't count as sex。

 It makes it sex here。 So when I'm physically escalating with a girl I start like pulling in making out I might go to like finger her and's like what are you doing I can be like listen it doesn't count as sex。

 and this one is great。 It's so easy for her to just take that little bit。

 that little peace and just start rationalizing why it's because look it's true。

 I'm just gonna finger you。 I'm not gonna fuck you。 It's fine。Bingering does not equal sex。

 Bingering does not equal。 You are a slut。 Okay， you're only a slut。 If it's sex。

 and this is not sex。 The other one， okay， it makes it sexier is basically playing on being overwhelmed by emotions。

 Okay， and this is very key。 So when we talked about， you know， being self amused， You know。

 getting in that little trance of having genuine fun。 no one's going to stop you。

 The same thing applies in terms of being in that little trance of getting， you know。

 sexually or emotionally turned on。 Okay， if I'm like， oh my God， this is so hot， Oh my God。

 oh my God， oh my God， it's just a lot more unlikely that the girls just gonna be like， stop。Okay。

 now it can happen， in which case。 No， but it doesn't kind of sex， but it's a great type of。

 you know， frame or mindset to take on。 Okay， it's like， oh， it makes it sexier。

 So what I'm about to finger her I'm like， look， look， it doesn't kind of sex。 It just。

 it makes it so sexy。 Oh my God， it's so hot。 Oh my God， Oh my God。 And the girl's like。

 she'll just kind of like go along with it。 Okay， it makes it sexier。 The best type of frame ever。

 Okay， this is also how you can get away is a little side note with doing say crazier things in bed。

 Okay， ultimately say halfway through sleeping with her。 You can just stop and be like， listen。😊。

I want to try something， you know， and you like pull out a camera， for example。 And you're like。

 look， you baby step it。 I'm just just gonna hold it。 It makes it sexier。 I'm just gonna hold it。

 It's okay。 I'm not filming。 I'm just gonna hold it。 Then you start， fucking her again。 You're like。

 listen， I'm just gonna turn it on。 Can I turn it on。 It just makes it sexier。 It makes it sexier。

 Can I take a picture。 It makes it sexier。 It's okay。 It's just a picture。 It just makes it sexier。

 I'm get a film right now， It makes it sex。 Oh my God， boom。

 and now you're filming her while fucking her。Okay， it doesn't count of sex。 It makes it sexier。

 You know， keep those in mind and use them。 you'll be amazed at how like， know beautifully they work。

 Now when escalating physically， you know you're going in for the make。

 you're going into to finger her。 you're then going into fuck her。

 your main focus should be on changing her mood， not her mind。

 okay as we've previously covered when talking about female psychology。 a girl， you know。

 mind is always going to follow her emotions。 Okay and it's very rare。

 you're gonna be able to logically convince a girl into sleeping with you。

 Okay you're not gonna be like sitting down like listen。

 We're going to get into this debate right now into why you should sleep with me。

 I've done everything right， I've qualified you I've done this like that is not going to work。 Okay。

 the best way is to get her turned on。 it's to get her wet。 Okay and that is when you go all out。

 you're practical with it。 You start making out。 you start getting emotionally overwhelmed。

 that there will slowly transfer onto her。 You know whatever you feel， she feels。 she's like。

 oh my God， getting turned on as well。 You start like， you know。Rubbbing her over the pants。

 you're like， listen， you know or over the pens。 you're like listen， it's more sexy， it's more sexy。

 she's like， oh my God， I'm getting turned on， I'm getting turned on and the emotions just take over。

 She's like， you know what？Fuck it so really change her mood， not her mind。

 This can also be actually a last little resort。 if。

 say you're going home with her and you're like right in front of place or say you're pulling're in of your place and she's like。

 no， I can't go into your apartment。 You can slam against the wall。 start trying to make out。

 start fingering her get or turned on and now that she's all like。

 be like you know what come up and that might help mind the you know what it let's do this and so be very aware of that especially when dealing with last minute resistance。

 And a few last things that keep in mind， you know dealing with this is in terms of taking the responsibility the and making feel like a slut be disc on a fucking condom I've heard so many stories about guys getting fucked over by this it like do everything right and then you're there you start fingering her again。

 Her mind starts falling emotions and then you pull out a condom。 You're like check this out。

 We're about to fuck。 You are about to be a。And the girls' like ？No， and then you're fucked。 Now。

 if she does see you like， oh， what are you doing， What are you doing， Just be like， oh。

 you know what， I'm just putting it on just in case， you know， I know nothing's gonna happen。

 But just in case， you know， I just want to be safe。 you know， like safe， just like， you know。

 just touches or something like I just want to just want to put the tip like that。 You know。

 I just want to be safe。 Okay， you can always use that， But be discet， always be aware。

 What am I doing。 Is this making her feel like a slut， could this raise any objections， Yes or no。

 Okay， so fucking hide that condom。Another one。Is realize that you don't have to get the girl naked in order to fuck her。

 Okay， your main focus is to fuck her。 Okay， Dick inside of her。

 If you're like slowly undressing her。 and she's like， you know what， I can't take the broth。

 I can't take the bra。 Don't just get stuck on taking the bra off。 Okay， remember， you're not there。

 for example， when you're talking to her to spin her。

 you're not there to necessarily take her bra off。 You're there to insert your dick in her vagina。

 You can do that without taking the bra。 So don't just get stuck on that。 Keep on going。

 Even with you know， her underwear。's， no， I can't take it off。 I can't take it off。

 move it to the side and then shove it in that way。 Okay， don't forget why you're there。

 don't forget what you're aiming for。 Now， the last thing I want to leave you with。 Okay。

 and this really applies to last minute resistance is as soon as you get the serious， no。 Okay。

 real resistance， not token resistance。 stop。😡，Okay， if you hesitate。

 you're not sure if it's real or not， stop。 Okay now it's not time to fuck around。

 You can't go a little too far and then calibrate after you know if you're about to fuck her。

 okay so if you're not sure just back off but ultimately again。

 you'll see it in the tonality like no， no， no， and no， if the girls's like， no， no， no。

 I can't and then say you roll off her and she just stays there and she starts like still kissing you。

 It just means not yet。 I still don't feel fully comfortable。

 you need to make me feel comfortable in order for me to do this。 Okay， so just be aware of the two。

 now if the girl says no， no， no， no， no， what you can do is also just back off and one last resort that I sometimes do and you can try this out is if the girls really say no。

 no， no， you just stop completely stop roll off her and start basically masturbating。

 now this sounds a little weird。 like what the fuck， you just start masturbating。 but yes， you do。

 say you roll off and you start masturbating。 What will happen is first of all， you're gonna get ma。

TurAnd the girls are gonna be like， well， I want to be part of that as well。 I want to get turned on。

 Why am I being left out。 She'll also feel like， oh， he doesn't need me。

 Okay because sometimes you can get caught up in that frame of like chasing like， oh。

 he wants to fuck me。 No， no， no， if you're like fine， I'm just gonna masturbate good enough。

 She'll be like actually then fuck me in that case。 Okay so you can kind of play that angle there。

 Okay and actually one last thing is well， in terms of engaging physically。

 if you have trouble with that or it's a little too awkward when you're back， in isolation。

 what you can do similar to preceding the poll and saying， oh。

 I have to pee or do you have drinks in your place what you can do in the initial interaction。

 know while you're bringing her home is give her a little preview of what's to happen。

 Okay so you're talking to her you' like you know what。Pring your hair back like that。

 P your hair back。 She's like，  oh， and then you just grab her hair boom and do like a little pull。

 Okay， it's like look。We are gonna be physical。 You know。

 this is gonna happen later on in the bedroom。 So when you start escalating later on。

 even though you weren't necessarily that physical while talking to her。

 you kind of like planted that seed that you can go back to and it won't be as out of the blue。

 That is how you deal with the last minute resistance。 Keep your foot on the gas pedal。

 don't take a little break。 Don't create that little lull in the interaction for her to be like， oh。

 I'm a slut。 what's happening。 It's like all the way till the finish line。

 now you can sew it down a bit but still keep the pressure on when escalating you're physical。

 your' physical， you deal with the objections。 remember， it doesn't count as sex。 Oh。

 it makes it sexier being overwhelmed by emotions。 focus on changing her mood， not her mind。

 if you have trouble engaging physically give her the little preview， be discet with the condom。

 be very fucking disc with the condom， realize that you don't have to get her fully naked to fuck her and then ultimately keep doing pressure on pressure off pressure on pressure off and ultimately even with that with time。

 you'll develop a feel。 where as soon as you're about to reach too much。reAnd she's about to say no。

 you back off。 Okay， that's you played It pressure on。 She's about to say no， you back off。

 And because you backed off， you can't really say no。 pressure on a bit more back off sex。

