# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：6、外部游戏_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So we covered what it means to be sexworth。 like the foundation of it all， you know。

 growing into the four pillars of being purposeful， controlled， flowing and selfammused。

 But what you have to realize is that this isn't always enough。 if you hear this like， oh。

 just be sexworth。 and you're like walking down the street。

 you might be in line in a Starbucks in a bar in a nightclub。

 and you're just standing there and you're like， well， I'm sexworthy。

 know I'm purposeful controlled flowing selfamused。

 Not every girl isn' necessarily just going to jump on your dick。

 Okay you do still have to make something happen。 you have to create those opportunities for them to see that you're sexworthy。

 And this here is the outer game module。 Okay and the next video is here。

 I'm going to cover the more technical side of things and ultimately how to play it smart。

 like how to go up and strike up a conversation。 Okay， how to open the girl。 how to hook the girl。

 know to just really reel her and how to get her start emotionally investing。

 know how to get her turned。On how to keep an interaction going。

 you know how to just talk and talk and talk， how to vibe， how to fluff， how to bring her home。

 how to make something happen， how to make her feel comfortable with it happening， Okay。

 the whole practical side of things Now when you hear this okay。

 don't think that you can bypass being sexworth， don't be like oh。

If I just learn the technical side of things， I'm good。 It's like， no， okay。

 you do have to be sexualworth in the first place。 That's the foundation。 Okay。

 and this here is the structure that you build on that foundation。 Okay。

 it has to be the two combined now when you hear this as well。

 and we're gonna call very fucking technical， don't worry。

 don't take what I say dogmatically if I'm like， you know what， just be fucking physical。

 don't be like well， Julian said to be physical like this。

 and you just view it as being like black or white， like you know what， bang， like that。

 it's like no， this here is the technical side。 Yes， but how do you master this。 first of all。

 it's understanding it。 But secondly， it's developing a feel for it and we call this social intuition。

 and this is only something that you can develop by going out and interacting with fucking women。

 Okay so let's just take physicality as an example。 Okay。

 how do you know what the right amount of physicality is okay because I can't。Explain this right now。

 Like， it's this much。 because guess what， It's something that you again， emotionally recognize。

 Okay， it's like you go out and you're physical and you're like， oh， that's too much。

 You do it again。 Oh， that wasn't enough。 Oh， that's the right amount by doing it a lot。

 you develop a feel similar to balance。 Okay， asking me like， oh。

 what what's the right amount of physicality， That's like， asking me。

 how much should you lean to the right before you fall over。Okay， social intuition。 Okay。

 so you go out， you talk to shieldloads of women and you develop a feel。 Okay。

 similar to hitting golf balls。 You know， if you go to the driving range， you're just like， bang。

 It's like， oh， that's way too much， okay。A little less， oh， that wasn't enough。Oh。

 that was the right amount。 Fucking awesome by repeating， okay， this whole process。 you you get it。

 Okay， so it's the same here。 Now， when you hear this， you know。

 social intuition developing the field， you'll ultimately get a sense of where the girl is emotionally and mentally at similar to being sexworth。

 You know， it's a little vague， a little hippies。 Okay。

 so to ground this again in your reality and really cement it。

 the way that I want you to view it is pressure on pressure off。Okay， now， what does that mean。

 Basically， in an interaction， whatever you say， whatever you do is either going to put pressure on the girl or take pressure off of the girl。

 Okay， so if you take physicality as an example， if you go up and you're just like bang。

 that's putting pressure on。 Okay， like the tension is building。 Okay， if you're not physical。

 it's pressure off。 Okay， if you go up and you just stare her dead in the eyes， you're like， hey。

That's pressure on。 If you just like， look away。 you know， you break the eye contact。

 That's pressure off。 Okay， and it's always a balance。 You know， it's all like， well， Julian。

 I heard you had to do strong laser eye contact。 And when I start girls， they freak out。 Okay。

 well guess what， you're just putting the pressure on。 You're not taking it off。 Okay。

 it's a mix of the two。 Okay， the same with proximity。 You know， if you go in close。Pressure on。

 if you go back， pressure off the way that you talk。 You know， if you talk breaking up pour like， ay。

 what's up。That's pressure on。 if you're like， oh， so anyway， that's pressure off。 Okay。

 it's always a balance。 the same with like what you say。 It's like， I love you。 I hate you。 Okay。

 it's a fucking balance。 and you develop that feel there。 Okay， so whenever you're doing something。

 Okay， after the fact， like you do it， always look at the girl's reaction。 Okay。

 you're always gonna be able to tell where she's at depending on how she reacts after not before you do it。

 Okay， so if I grab it on' physical。 if she kind of tenses up Im like， oh， that's too much pressure。

 do something to take the pressure off。 Okay， the signs of too much pressure on is like。You know。

 her eyes tense up， She kind of looks to the side。 she， her body tenses up。 you know。

 she might do a little awkward giggle like， yeah， you know。

 it might take a few steps back in that case。Break the tension。 Okay。

 What does too much pressure off look like The girlss like。 in that case， put the pressure on。 Okay。

 and ultimately， what you want to develop is a field where you're going pressure on until you reach the limit where it just breaks。

 It's just too much tension。 and then you release it。 and then you do it again。

 and then you release it。 And by doing this。 Okay， what are you ultimately doing。

 You're accelerating the download bar going up。 that volumen。 you know， it's like pressure on。

Presssure off， pressure on， pressure off， pressure on， pressure off， pressure on， sex。Okay。

 so that's the feel you want to develop now as。An easy go to okay。

 if you put too much pressure on the girl， the way that you kind of get away with it or take the pressure off is I follow these three steps here。

 Okay， so the first step is take a step back。 Okay。

 if the girl ever tenses up where you say something that's a little too out there that she can't relate to the easiest way to just take the fucking pressure off is proximity。

 So take a step back， let it breathe a little bit。 Okay， that's step one。

Step 2 is use a statement of empathy。 Okay， now was that you acknowledge the fact you went a little too far out there。

 Okay， you're not oblivious to the girl。 You're not like this crazy guy。 I was like， like that。

 You're like， look， I do have empathy。 Okay， I know what's up。 Okay I I fucking social intuition。

 I'm not some fucking social retard。 I'm sorry， I went a little too far。 I was just kidding。

 something along those lines like， I'm just kidding。 Sorry， I went a little too far。 It was a joke。

 I didn't mean to， you know， it's how I do with my friends。 let me know if I'm a little too。

 you know， out there。 you acknowledge it。 And then before。You know， that emotion of her being like。

 he did go a little too out there。 You know， like takes over。

 you quickly change the topic and act as if it never happened。 Okay， that's step 3。 Okay。

 so take a step back statement of empathy。 Change the topic fast。 act as if it never happened。 Okay。

 so say you going a little too physical。 And She's like， too much pressure like， so I'm just kidding。

 I was kidding Anyway， what's your name。Okay， bang。 Now。

 sometimes just repeating those three steps will be enough。

 But other times you'll have to kind of wash for repeat。 You like， listen， listen， I was kidding。

 I'm kidding。 I I'm Julia， look， it was a joke。 It was a joke。 I know I went a little too far。

 You know， I'm just like just really happy to be here。 I'm just excited to me。 I'm sorry。 I'm sorry。

 hi， what's up， No， no， it was a joke。y， It was a joke。 Let's be normal。 Let's slow。 I'm sorry。

 Are you， Are you from L。😊，Okay， bang， you wash and repeat the process。 So don't freak out either。

 because this will give you a lot of comfort when you know you can just take the pressure off。

 like experiment around。 But if you do go a little too far， follow these three fucking steps。

 Okay Now when it comes to social intuition as well。 again， you understand pressure on pressure off。

 But there are different levels to this too like you can go in and you know again。

 very black and white， like in out， pressure on pressure off。 Okay， you can go with the toality。

 what's up， I have a video， I go up to girl and I'm like， are you are you French German Brazilian。

 like pressure on on pressure on， and then she's like Brazilian， do I look like I'm Brazilian。

 And I'm like， oh， that's all I know。Okay， now when I'm like in the toality， are you French。

 German Brazilian pressure on pressure on pressure on， Oh geschoho。

 that's all I know that's pressure off。 Now what does Cachoho mean in Portuguese。

 it means dog So that's also pressure on。 So you kind of mix and match and again you get a grasp of the entire dynamic。

 H it up。Don't look at the bone， hang it up now， how does it make you feel？🎼WhatAre you French。

 Brazilian German Brazil Brazil Ca that's all I know no hang up the phone it's my best friendll it's your best friendist up it now。

O I just want to say hi， you know what that looks like period， how old are you，os？Tell me now，25。

How do you think I am and stop looking at the dot you want it what is it O？

I don't want it this little creepy if I up look like you look like I'm out of your league 27。26。

 what's your name， Paulista Aveita Paista？One of them my Australian friend。Where from come say hi。

Give me your other hymn now。Told me like you've never held a man。love with。

 And on top of that as well， not only will you notice the pressure on pressure off。

 you'll also notice the way that you just modulate the way that you come off。 Okay， now。

 not in a way that's stifling you， but in a way that makes it relatable to the girl。 Okay。

 for example， if I'm walking up to a girl。 I'm like ay， come here。It's strong。 It's raw。

 but it's not necessarily attacking。 I'm not like， hey， come here。 It's not projecting out。

 It's like，y， it's loud with the intention of reeling or in。 Okay and even when talking to a girl。

 I'm always leaning in and out in and out。 It's never just static。

 so this here is something that you will learn while practicing again。

 the whole technical side of things。 Okay， so just keep this in mind before diving into this section。

 and then， of course， combine the two。 Okay， the foundation， the structure， the inner game。

 the outer game。 and you know， get the fucking girl。

