# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：10、氛围营造_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Once you reach the hook point， there's a certain shift that happens in the interaction。

 it kind of goes from you going up and doing 90% of the work， you know like talking。

 setting the rhythm， getting her to react to you， being at the cause not at the effect to a more sustainable 50。

50 type of vibe where now she's actually talking back and you can react to her okay it's not just you doing and doing and doing you know like I'm setting the rhythm I'm doing this button push。

 button push， button push， it actually turns into a real interaction where you're both building the vibe together。

 reacting off of each other。 So when you reach the hook point， just remember to slow things down。

 you know like humanize yourself， give her the chance to actually talk back okay versus you just talking at her and turn the interaction to that vibe where you're just selfammusing know like doing your own thing and she is chasing you。

girlfriend well no， my girlfriend's too naive to even know what's happening。

So way to use So the first thing that you need to do， you know。

 as simple as it sounds is stop setting the rhythm of the interaction。 Okay。

 when you reach that hook point and I'm talking about the sexual hook point here， you know。

 when you get the anime Bambi eyes， You know， the trying for a personality。

 You see the girl just light up。 It transitions from that。 Oh yeah， how' it going to Oh what。

 what slow things down。 too much of something is always bad。 Okay。

 if we take setting the rhythm of the interaction is an example。 you know。

 say you go in and you're just at the cause and not at the effect， you know， you're doing。

 you're doing， you're doing， you're just very purposeful， What is the girl going to be experiencing。

 She's probably going be like， oh， shit， you know， like sexworthiness。 know。

 here's a guy he's on his path and purpose。 You know， he's bringing me into his reality。😊，Awesome。

 okay， I'm getting attracted， but let's just say you just keep on doing and doing and doing and doing and doing and doing and doing and doing。

What's going to happen iss going to shift from being sexworthy to being very reactive and insecure。

 She's not going to be thinking， no， shit。 here's a guy who's bringing me this to this reality。

 You know， like at the cause and not the effect。 she's gonna be thinking， oh， shit。

 here's a guy who can't fucking slow down。 Here's a guy who doesn't realize that he's past the hook point。

 He doesn't realize that， look， I'm getting attracted。 I like him。 you're good， he can't see that。

 and he starts just selling himself。 You know， it's like， oh， he's insecure， He can't be normal。

 He can't accept that I like him， he's trying to keep on proving himself and he's just ultimately coming from a very inferior frame of mind。

 he is not the prize anymore。 He is not that guy that I can win over this is just pathetic and she'll bounce the fuck out。

 And as simple as he sounds。 it's actually a lot harder to do than you would expect。

 if you're going up and you're just sending the rhythm。 You know you're just doing doing。

 And the girls just absolutely loving it。 Why would you stop。

 What are your emotions is going to tell you。Like dude， she's loving it。

 Keep doing whatever the fuck you're doing。 She is getting turned on do do do do do and you have to go against those emotional urges。

 You're gonna have be like no， be smart about it if I keep on doing again too much of one thing is going to fuck shit up。

 it's going turn into that insecurity， she's not gonna be able to relate and you're gonna fuck shit up So stop and slow down and go against those emotions。

 So the best analogy I have to like illustrate this concept here is what I like to call the drug dealer analogy。

 now he's fucked up is that may sound let's just imagine right now for the sake of arguments that you're a drug dealer and you're going up to the to give her hits of heroin Now what happens if you walk up and you're just like hit。

 hit， hit， hit hit the girl is gonna overdose and die it's just too much It's unsustainable it's like you going up like setting the fucking rhythm。

 It's likea， it's not an interaction anymore。 it's way too overwhelming she can't relate and it's just。

Insecure and forceful so you don't want to do that if you're smart about it。

 you're going to walk up to the girl， give her a few hits until she's hooked on the heroine。

 you know， set the rhythm until she's hooked on you and then。

Take it away and then just start giving her a hit every once in a while。

 giving some time in between and just making it a lot more sustainable。 Okay。

 Not only will you be able to just keep on heroin for a long period of time。

 she's going to start chasing it and wanting it。 and you'll notice this in terms of setting the rhythm。

 You go in， you do， you do， you do， you do。 You hook the girl。 you withdraw。Then boom。

 a little spike here and there。 boom， a little spike here and there。 and you can make it last。

 And the girl's still like getting turned on。 And again， the more times she's getting turned on。

 the more that v temperature goes up， which is good。

 and she's gonna to start just getting addicted to it and ultimately addicted to you so keep that analogy in mind when going up and setting the rhythm and passing the hook point。

 So we you have to realize about bibing is that it's not about having any kind of logical conversation。

 there is no real purpose to it。 other than just building a great vibe with the girl。 You know。

 just making it a great experience for the both of you to share。 that's it。

 It's not about having a conversation where you're trying to impress the girl。

 It's not about having a conversation where you have an agenda in mind。

 and you're just trying to get somewhere。 You it's like you know what。

 I open I hook and now I'm vibing and then what's the next step。 What's the next step。

 What's the next step You know go in and you're like spike spike spike spike spike remember the drug dealer analogy where you're just like doing way too much and you're basically trying to move。

😊，Intract vertically， you know， it's like more attraction， more attraction。

 more attraction more attraction， which is the worst frame of mind to come from ever。

 Okay the way you should view it is again， you spike it till the girl starts emotionally investing。

 You know you pass that sexual hook points and then you just trust that because she's emotionally investing。

 time will just do the work for you。 Okay， you don't need to move it vertically。

 it's like you move it enough to sustain it horizontally it's like you know what。

 she's emotionally investing。It's all good。 You assume it's gonna happen and you just lets go。 okay。

 you step out of that genderbased mindset where it's like the next step and you just relax and just kind of bask and just build the interaction together。

 So next time you're out and you ask yourself， You like what is the next step。

 You know like what do I do next， which is a very common concern。

 you know with a lot of guys it's like， well， what do I say next， What do I do next。

 you know they just freak out。 I want you to rephrase it。 and just tell yourself instead。

 keep doing whatever you're doing。 as long as you've passed that sexual hook point and the girl is emotionally investing。

 you know， she has like the anime eyes， she has the bambby eyes。

 she's talking in that trying for a poor tonality， she is getting attracted and you're good enough。

 why are you trying to force more attraction。 remember。

 girls are like a volume knob where they need a lot more time to be ready for sex to get turned on for their bind temperature to go up versus guys who are' more like a light switch。

 we see the girl。😊，Okay boneer ready to fuck her good to go girls are not like that and if you just keep trying to force force。

 force， force force， it's ultimately going to stifle them they won't be able to relate and it's just not going to work okay so as long as she's getting attracted。

 keep her in that same state for a longer period of time okay so instead of what do I do next。

 tell yourself more of the same。Okay， that's it。 Just keep doing what you're doing More of the same。

 Now， don't confuse this with hooking。 Okay， remember when I'm like， you know what。

 too much of one thing is bad where， for example， if you're setting the rhythm。

 it just kind of transition into being very insecure。 Okay， trying to sell yourself。

 What I mean by more of the same here is just keep that same vibe where she's emotionally investing and getting attracted。

 going。 Okay， guys are really good at this。 They basically do a few simple things over and over and over again。

 and that keeps them entertained， that keeps them engaged。 Okay， for example， if I go up to a girl。

 a lot of my interactions pretty much just look like this。 Okay， I'm gonna walk up or start chatting。

 then I might do like a little push。 You know， like， oh， She's like， oh my God， you can't say that。

 I'm like God， I'm just kidding cha cha， P。 Oh my God， I'm just kidding。 I'm just kidding。 cha， push。

 Oh my God， I'm just kidding。 I'm just kidding。 And I just do that on repeat。 Okay It's like cha cha。

 cha， cha， spike。😊，Cha cha， cha， cha， cha， spike， okay， as long as it's like， drug hit。 Okay。

 as long as it's maintaining that emotional investment。I'm good。

 I'm just like more of the same and with time， okay。

 because what I'm doing is also putting the pressure on， taking the pressure off， it's likeep。B。不。

Ready for sex。That's it I'm not doing anything more， whatever actions。

 whatever verbal game I'm using is the same and the only difference is more time， okay。

 the volume knob。Getting louder and louder and louder。

 The general mindset that I really come from when vibing is I just ask myself， you know。

 what better place to be。 Okay， what better place to be。 Here I am talking to an attractive girl。

 You know， I'm about to sleep with and who knows， where I'll go from there。

 Why am I trying to rush it， Okay， Why am I not just enjoying the moments。

 Why am I trying to just quickly get to the finish line quickly make things happen with her and like。

 maybe move on to the next。😊，Why am I li in that little scarce rat race mindset， It's like， no。

 it's going to happen。 I assume it it's all good。Let's enjoy this okay here I have a girl who's emotionally investing。

 she's listening and experiencing me。Fully， okay， and this is very， very rare。 Okay。

 really ask yourself like right now， how many people really care to hear what you have to say。

 You know， if you have an opinion about something， who would really listen and pay attention。 Okay。

 now you might have a few close friends who would like to be like， oh， that's really cool And listen。

 you have to say， maybe some family members。 But there aren't that many people who really care。 Okay。

 a lot of people are just very selfabsored。 And unless again， you're really fucking close。

It's not really going happen。 Okay， People will still listen， like if you have an opinion like。

 oh yeah， that's cool， but they won't really take it to heart。

 When the girl has passed the sexual hook point， she is taking everything to heart。 Okay。

 and this is why it can also be a little， you know。

 scary when talking to a girl Because when she's like， what？ And she's fully paying attention to you。

 You're like， oh shit， like the spotlights on you。 You're like， what what do I say， What do I do。

 It's like， no， embrace that。 It's like， here she is。Fully experiencing you。

 You're actually influencing someone。 Okay， you're touching someone's soul。 Enjoy that。 Okay。

 sex is just the bonus。 You know， it's assumed。 It's like， you know what。😊。

This is gonna to happen no matter what。 Enjoy building the vibe with this girl。 you know。

 enjoy having her react off of you， enjoy reacting off of her。 Okay， step out， really。

 really step out at that agenda based mindset。 Okay， imagine I just walked up to you， and I'm like。

 listen。😊，Here's a contract saying that you're going to sleep with this girl no matter what tonight or today。

 no matter what， but you have to talk to her for like 45 minutes to an hour and a half。

But you're going to sleep with her。Now， once you accept that， you'll be like， you know what。

 you're right。 There's no more little worry of quickly rushing to it。 you're like。

I'm gonna sleep with her and you actually start viewing her as a human being and just enjoying each other's company。

 Okay， so really take on that mindset with vibing。 the girl's a human being。

 not a little robot or a little machine what I'm like button push， button push， button push。

 she's not a means to an end。 She's someone I can just enjoy building this great vibe and just building this great experience that we can both share together。

 So we covered the general mindset， you should be coming from in terms of vibing。 Okay。

 not being a agendabased where it's like next step， next step， next step。

 to be a little bit more all over the place， a little less logical， you know。

 just really focused on building the vibe just for the sake of building the vibe But there are。

 of course， you know， some specific things you're gonna want to be doing throughout this phase of the interaction as well。

 The first being building comfort。 whereas I like to call it creating togetherness。

 Now there's a big misconception where it comes to building comfort with the girl where a lot of guys think that to you know。

 build familiarity to make the girl feel comfortable It's about。😊。

Telling her logically about yourself， you know， it's like the more she knows about me the better。

 you know， it's like this resume exchange where you walk up and you're like， look。This is my name。

This is my age。 This is my occupation。 Okay， this is my past。 This is where I'm going with life。

 These are the names of my， mother and father。 These are the names of my grandparents， my siblings。

 my friends， You know， this is what I think this is me logical， logical， logical。

 and the more information you give her， the better。 Okay， and of course， vice versa。 They're like。

 if the girl talks， then then she's telling things about herself， It's also building comfort。

 So where did you buy your dress。 And the girl's talking about her dress。

 And usually if she does that， she's not really emotional investing。 She's like， well。

 I got it at the store。 And you're like， oh， really， what store， down and there， That's awesome。

 So do you wear the dress often。 I guess she's talking back， It's building comforts。😊，Wrong。

 okay that is not what comfort is about that there is only focusing on the superficial logical verbal layer when remember what our girls focused on the deeper emotional layer。

 the subcomications if you will。 So instead of viewing it like this resume exchange。

 what comfort is is basically creating togetherness。

 okay reinforcing that it's you and the girl as one， okay。

 like together as opposed to being separate entities。

 Okay and this is not necessarily done through again， logical talk to illustrate this。

 let's just say that you and me one day we decide to go on this day long hike。

 let's just say we never met and we know nothing about each other。 Okay， complete strangers。

 we meet in the morning， we're like， look， we're gonna do this hike。

 and let's just say it's a really dangerous hike。 know and we just embark on the hike and we're like falling off cliffs know like helping each other through going through all this bullshit together But there's one condition know。

 in terms of this hike。 we're basically the only thing throughout。

that we're allowed to talk about is the hike itself。Okay。

 we're not allowed to talk about anything else。 I'm not allowed to ask you your name。

 You're not allowed to ask me my name。 Okay， we're just allowed to talk about， oh， the。

 the trail is pretty nice here。 Oh， shit， don't fall off the cliff。 Oh my God。

 this hike's really nice。 Oh， the weather， it's kind of hot。 It's kind of old。

 That's the only thing we're allowed to talk about。😊。

Now say we finished the hike and it's like the end of the day and we're like， we made it。

Even though we know nothing logically about each other， I don't even know your name。 nothing at all。

 we will feel like again， there is comfort。 We will feel a lot more together。

 a lot more connected because we went through all that bullshit together。

 and it's the same with the girl。 It's not so much the topics or again， the verbal exchange。

 it's about you and her going through all this bullshit。 Okay。

 going through the interaction together， reinforcing that togetherness。

 So the first step to doing this is to isolate the girl。 Okay。

 basically put yourself in a position where it's just you and her one on one。 Okay。

 this is why previously mentioned， you know if you talk to a girl with her friends。

 just do the bare minimum so that the friends like you， but then bounce back on the girl。

 Okay don't waste time talking to the friends。 It's you and her。 you are now a team。

 You are together and you want to reinforce that little bubble where you're closed off from everything else。

 Okay， it's not you her and her friends。😊，It's not you her and your friends。

 It's just the two of you alone。 So you can do this， you know。

 once you hook by just dragging her away。 okay now you could give her a reason， like you know what。

 let's just go over here。 I want to check out the outside area or you know what， let's go to the bar。

 get some water， just come over here or actually not even say anything at all and just lead just be like。

 you know what， come boom just being very certain， you know like dragging her away in a little area of the environment where no one else is there that she knows or that you know or more simply just turning her away from her friends。

Okay， it's as simple as that。 A girl's reality is basically what she sees。 Okay。

 if she's talking to you and she kind of sees her friends in the background， it's a lot better than。

 of course， you her and the friends altogether。 But the friends are still in her reality。 Now。

 if you just turn her away where she can't see any of her friends， It's as if they don't even exist。

 Okay， she just lives in the emotion of the moment。 She's like， oh， right now， the friends are gone。

 the only person that's familiar is this guy here And that reinforces together and is a lot as well。

 Okay， so just。😊，Turning her away from the friends， we're just gradually moving so she just starts。

Turning on her own。 Okay， but you have to isolate her。

 That is the first step to creating togetherness。 The next step is that you're gonna want to move her through as many environments。

 topics and emotions as humanly possible。 Okay， basically reinforcing that you and her are the only constants。

 Okay， so， for example， say you're talking to a girl。 You're like， you know what。

 Let's go to the bar。 Let's go to the outside area。 Let's go meet my friends。

 Let's go meet your friends。 Let's go to the dance floor， Let's go sit over here for a little bit。

 Let's go to this corner。 Let's go to that corner and you just start continuously moving around。

 What's happening。 The environment is always changing。 Okay， the environment's changing is's like。

 oh， we're here and now， we're here and now， we're here and now， we're here now。

 But what is remaining the same。 You and the girl。😊。

It's us in all these different environments okay together as one okay going through all this bullshit okay the more environment she's in with you。

 the more comfortable she's going to feel with you the same applies for what you talk about okay like the different conversational topics if you will now this does kind of link into the resume exchange but as you'll notice here it's only a small portion of creating that togetherness okay basically the more topics you guys discuss together you know it's like now we're talking about this now we're talking about that now I'm cutting this thread I'm introducing this thread and this thread and this thread the more everything is changing and what's happening again you and her are the only constants the more emotions you go through as well you know it's like now we're happy now we're sad now it's like push pull and all this emotional turmoil is continuously changing what happens you and her are the only constants okay so that there is another way of again really amplifying that togetherness and as's a little side note you can actually fuck with girls。

Li you know like spike their emotions by quote unquote lying verbally while still creating comfort emotionally okay for example。

 Sam' talking to a girl and she's like you know what。

 I'm from Canada I could be like oh cool me too she's like really I'm like yeah I'm from a small town you know like Hampton you know it's like 40 minutes east of Vancouver She's like oh really that's awesome you know me too I'm like yeah you know I love Canada Best place ever by the way。

 do you really like me right now she's like yeah， cool because I lied I'm now from Canada。😊。

Okay now what happened there。 sayy I just said that right off the bat right after saying hello。

 basically she realizes that everything we talked about up to now verbally has been a lie and just complete utter bullshit but emotionally because we went through that whole storyline together。

 she feels that togetherness。 So she feels comforts without actually even knowing anything about me。

 Okay and you can actually hold conversations like that where I have some pickups when I'm talking to girls and literally all the way through。

 we're just talking about all these different topics。 but at the end when I'm bringing her home。

 she knows nothing about me。 She doesn't really know my name。 She doesn't know what I do。

 She doesn't know where I live。 She knows nothing， but emotionally， she feels like she does。

 Okay so forget about the resume exchange， it's about that emotional togetherness。 I'm Canadianttawa。

😊，I hate it though， I try to lose my accent， otherwise like when I moved here I runs like。

 you sound like an American leprechaun。Like especially if you're from Vancouver like Vancouver。

 your groceries， how is it going today？Do you hate me or do you love me right now？

I'm not from lastly， a few things that I personally love to do when vibing with women are the following conspiracy theories okay this here is when you create a certain dynamic where it's you and the girl。

 you know like you and her as one together versus the world okay where you basically have like this little secret or this little inside joke that no one else knows about okay for example。

 you could take the girl just walk up to a stranger and just be like ay。This is my sister。

Make out and then turn back to this swing and be like， yeah， we're very close。

Okay now that person doesn't know that you're lying， but you two are like in on this little secret。

 You're in， I'm pretending that your brother and sister and that there consolidates that togetherness。

 it's like you are now 18 team You can do this when you meet the girls's friends。 You're like， yeah。

 you know， I've known it for years， We went to high school together， You know。

 we dissected a frog together， You know whatever you want to say basically again。

 being in on something together that the friends don't know about funny enough。

 you can also do this just by pointing and talking about other people in the environment。

 there was this old school game back in the day that people played called fuck Mary。

 kill we basically had to point at three people in the environment and just be like okay who would you fuck。

 would you marry， who would you kill and then you and the girl are looking through the crowd and like fuck that person I marry that person。

 I kill that person， Now what's happening there， You and the girl， know as bad as it sounds。

 are both judging those people together。 it's like， oh， what do you think of that person。

Would you marry him， when you kill him。 Oh， I don't know。 I don't know。 And again。

 it's like those little secrets。 You know， you're in on it together and it reinforces that togetherness。

 Okay， so this is what we call conspiracy theories。 we've known each other for years。

 So I hope aboutm making a great impression on the company。😊，Next up is role playing。

 Now what I love about role playing is it allows you， but most importantly。

 the girl to take on certain personas and act through those personas without any of the consequences。

 For example， my personal favorites just calling the girl my girlfriend like oh yeah， you know。

 girlfriend blah， blah blah blah blah， you know， girlfriend， okay。

 an easy way to introduce this Its just being like， you know what。

 be my girlfriend for the next five minutes。Done now， this girl obviously knows， you know。

 you're not boyfriend and girlfriend。 She's starting him to be like， oh。

 what are we boyfriend and girlfriend Al， what， she knows it's a role play。 But what does this do。

 First of all， it reinforces again that you're in this together。 Okay， it's like， look。

 it's me and you right now， boyfriend and girlfriend。 Okay。

 it draws the attention on you and the girl， and unlike the conspiracy theory。

 where it's you and the girl， and it's kind of focused on other people， You know。

 it's your little secret or inside joke， here it takes the attention off of the other people。

 and it just brings it in on you and the girl。😊，In that little bubble， it's like， mean you boyfriend。

 girlfriend。 This is all the matters。 boyfriend and girlfriend， focus on me and you。 Now。

 it's also great with this frame where again， your boyfriend and girlfriend。

 is it allows her to take on that identity or that persona。 You know。

 of being your girlfriend without seeming like a slut。 Now you're allowed to be a love doy。

 You're allowed to tell her， you know what， I love you to be physical and she can be physical in return。

 And it's not her， It's the girlfriend persona。 Okay。

 so she's allowed to just open up and just take on that role with you。

 You can also make these a little bit more comedic。 You know， like， you know what， I'm adopting you。

😊，You're my little sister from now on。 Brother， sister。 you and me。 Do you like your brother。

 Do you like your older brother， You know， you can also make a little bit more creepy。 Like。

 you know what， I'm adopting you。 Call me daddy。 She's like， what， My guess， say daddy I'm 12。

 until like， oh my God。 you can kind of like emotionally Sp her that way。 or make her invest。

 which I'll cover in a later portion of this vibing segment。 But role playing is very。

 very key in something that you should kind of play around with wind vibing with the girl。 Sa daddy。

😊，And just bar phone number now。这位。めて。Can I have your phone number？Another one is future projections。

 Okay， where basically you project yourself and the girl together in the future。 like， you know what。

 we're gonna to do this together， and we're gonna to go and we're gonna do this and we're gonna do this and this is gonna happen and we're gonna do this and this and this we're gonna do this and this and this this and this and this and what happens。

 You find yourself with the girl picturing yourselves together thinking about yourselves together in the future。

 Now you can make these a little bit more serious。 like， oh you know what。

 we should go for coffee tomorrow。 or oh， you know what， we should hang out later， have some drinks。

 go to an afterpart， grab some food later tonight。 and actually even precede the poll that way。

 which I'll cover in the later section， or you can make these a little bit more crazy。

 You know a little bit more adventurous。 where it's like you know what。

 we should go skydiving together。' like， you know what。

 we're gonna go to Vegas and we're gonna get married。 even combine it with a role play。

 You are my new wife。 I am your new husband。 Let's go pretend we're already married with this people here and even bring in the conspiracy theory。

 Okay and make the。😊，A little bit more crazy that way。

 basically projecting yourself with the girl in the future。 And the last one。

 and this is probably my alltime favorites， is introducing hypothetical scenarios。 Okay。

 like saying something along the lines of what would you do if and would you ever。

 like what would you do if you met a guy and say he went home with him right now。

 and you're about to sleep with him and right before sex。

 He takes his pants off and you see that he has a really small dick。

 Would you say something or would you just take it， The girl's like， I don't know， I'm not sure。

 okay， well， what if he asks you， like， you know what， is it too small， is it too small。

 Would you tell him the truth， would you lie， I don't know， Okay， well listen。

 would you ever date a guy whos straight during the day， but gay at night。😊，I。I'm not sure， okay。

 well listen， would you ever date a guy who say every time you sleep with him right before coming。

 he's like， look， in order for me to come， I have to look at myself in the mirror。

Would you still date them？Maybe no， yeah， okay， well listen， what if on top of that。

 he carried this little portable mirror and every time he see me he' like， listen， ba。

 I'm gonna to come and he looks in the mirror in order to come， would you date him？UmI don't know。

 okay， like what would you do if would you ever？Now， what's cool about these is first of all。

You can make them pretty ridiculous。 You know like what what about the small dick or what about。

 you know being gay at night in his dreams， but straight during the day。 Okay。

 you can introduce all these sexual topics without taking responsibility for them。 Okay。

 and this is the beauty of it。 It's like how do you want to get away with say。

 calling a girl a k without her being mad at you in the first five seconds。

 Basically use a hypothetical scenario， It's like you walk up， you're like hey， I'm Julian。

 nice to meet you， You know what， what do you do if you just met a guy who walked up and just said Ks right off the bat。

Would you be mad？Now， can she get mad at you？ No， because you're not the one who said it。

 You're like， what would you do if someone said that。

 And this is the beauty of using hypothetical scenarios Is that， first of all。

 it still has the same effect。 She's like， oh my God， Ks， what the fuck。

But she can't blame you for it。 Okay， you can't be held accountable。

 You can't take responsibility for it because it's hypothetical。 Okay。

 and this allows you to introduce wacky， extreme topics like sex。 You know， like。

 what would you do if you met a guy And every time you had to come。

 He looked at himself in the mirror。 Would you date him， She's like， oh my God， sex。 Okay。

 and she can't be like， but we just met， what the fuck， How are you talking about sex？

 because it's hypothetical， So you can introduce that fast， And secondly， in terms of togetherness。

What does it do， It's like you and her together basically looking at all these different scenarios。

 analyzing the possible outcomes。 Okay so it's like you are the judges。 And thirdly。

 who is she picturing when you're talking about sex。 and you're like， you know what。

 Would you ever go home with a guy right now and say you fucked him。

 Would you do it She's picturing you。 She's not gonna to picture some random guy。

 Okay if she's emotionally investing， you pass the hook point， She's like。

 I'm going home with this guy and it kind of links in the whole future projections， sex。

 man to woman， everything， all at once and it spikes for emotions， the more ridiculous it is。

 I love using this， try them out now， Have you ever met a guy like say you。

So you're about to sleep with them and you takes your path off and what if it is。

When you say something like oh I can thats happened to， what did you do， I had sex You did it。

Did you say use your hands I'm not feeling anything？This like get you like' so big。

 my God my God never seen such when viing。 it's also important that you qualify the girl。 Okay。

 basically in an interaction。 You know， similar to the balance between pressure on and pressure off。

 which we discussed when talking about social intuition。 Theres another dynamic at play。

 which is the balance between value and qualification。

 Okay and is with everything it has to be both too much value and not enough qualification is bad and too much qualification and not enough value is bad is well。

 Okay， everything is a balance。 So up to now， you know。

 we' really focused on the value side of things。 know it's like go in fucking sex worthy。 Okay。

 it's like get the girl to emotionally invest。 You set the frame from the start。 your man's woman。

 you're just very purposeful。 path and purpose。😊，Setting the rhythm， doing your thing。

 getting her to react to you， your physical。 you're looking at her den in the eye。

 You're passing all the tests。 You know， you hook the girl。 She's like holy shit。

 Here is a guy that I want to fuck。 emotionally investing。

 but that isn't enough you have to make it relatable to the girl and you do this by qualifying her。

 ultimately， letting her know what makes her so God， damn special， You know。

 like why the fuck with such a sexworthy guy， Take interest in her。

 Okay because that's really what she's thinking。 if you're all up。 and you're just purposeful。

 controlled， flowing self use。 You just pass the test。 You're like this is me unapologetic。

 She's gonna be like holy shit。 You know， this guy is the shit。 You know。

 this is the guy I've been waiting to meet my entire life， You know， this is the guy wantna fuck。

 This is the guy wantna marry？ This is the guy wantna fucking kids with， like oh my fucking God。

 but why with such a cool， sexworthy guy， Take interest in little old me， Why is he like me。

 You know what makes me so special。If he really is this cool， could have any other fucking girl here。

 Okay， why me？ And if you don't let her know why， Okay， or you don't qualify her。

 she's either going to assume that you just want her for sex。's like， well。

 he doesn't really care about me。 he just likes me for my looks。 He just wants to fuck。

 and if you just wants to fuck me for my looks。 he would do this to any girl here。

 And this makes me feel extremely uncomfortable。 This makes me feel like a slut。 No。

 and she will blow you off。 nothing's going to happen。

 or she'll assume that there's something a little off。 She's like， wait a minute。

 know like if this guy just likes me so easily and you knows nothing about me and there's no reasons why it's either that I'm a slut or that you know。

 this guy's actually not that cool。 know， something's a little bit off and it's not gonna work either。

 So you have to slow things down from the whole fun value value value， I'm the shit。 I am sexworthy。

 know to more relaxed pace。 know， you can be a little bit more real。 you can actually。

Connect with her。 You know， you cement yourself in her reality as a real person。

 not just someone fun， crazy emotion。 You're like， look， I'm actually normal， just like you。

 I actually like you for these specific reasons， I'm a little vulnerable as well。 I might open up。

 share something with you。 Like this is why it's so special between us and qualify her that way。

 doing this will massively reduce last minute resistance。

 Okay which basically is when you bring the girl home。

 you're about to sleep with her and she's like no， okay no。

 because I just don't feel comfortable and no， I never do this and no， no， no。

 and no matter how many fucking excuses。 you find the solution to she'll still say no。

 and you won't sleep with her。 it's not like those nice and easy polls as well as flaking when you get the phone number and then you just go to call up to see her again。

 and she just doesn't answer or just never shows up。 Okay if those are your problems。

 it's because you didn't qualify her。 So how do you do this。 the first way。

 and this is my personal favorites It through the emotionally unexplained。 Okay like don't freak out。

When you hear， you know， you have to qualify the girl and give her specific reasons why you like her。

 You know， and then you're freaking out。 you're like， oh my God， I have to find the reasons。

 The specific reasons。 These specific girls， what about this girl， I gonna say that I like， Rela。

 Okay， it doesn't have to be that complex。 Just use the emotionally unexplained。 You know。

 just be like， you know what。 I like you。 It's weird。 I don't know why。As simpleim as that。

 You just acknowledge the fact that she stands out。

 You acknowledge the fact you actually like her and you just blame the emotionally unexplained。

 You know， it's like， wow， it's so weird。 Like， I really， I don't know。 it's it's， it's weird。

 simple as that。 You know what， I really like you。 Like， I don't know what it is about you。

 But there's just something。 And she'll be like， I know right， there is something。 I'm like， yeah。

 it's just， it's so special。 Like， you and me。You know， it's special。 It's just， it's， it's weird。

 like， oh， it's， I don't know why。 I don't know why。 It's emotionally unexplained。

Bang and youve got her and you just qualify her through that。 Okay， so that is the easiest way。

 you know， like start spicing that in your interactions Okay， why you like her。You don't know why。

 but you just do Now if you want to take it a little further， you can also use commonalities。

 this is what most people focus on。 you know it's like oh what do me and her have in common。

 you know， and they start trying to decipher that puzzle again， don't take it that far。

Ultimately you can just pick the dumbest thing ever It's like oh you're from Los Angeles as well we have so much in common。

 It's like oh you also use Facebook me too we have so much in common。

 and you just overb something that you like okay she could like the color blue。

 you're like really that's fucking awesome you're from LA that is so cool。 know。

 I always wanted to meet someone's like you know true L。 that's actually really fucking cool。

 know actually really like you it's weird like combine the two now it's fun as well as when you overb something very basic like say she loves the color blue。

 you're like oh my god the color blue。 you can kind of turn it into this inside joke where you kind of link back to it throughout the interaction。

 It's like you know what I really like you。 It's that color blue。

 know I just really love that color blue and that also kind of transitions into the togetherness of it all。

we have this little inside joke。 We're a team now and we have so much in common and that means you know that I'm special and there's something here okay so you can also touch on commonalities。

 you can make them complex and genuine or just anything that you just like about just pick one overb it and qualify her that way another way that we previously touched upon when talking about togetherness is future projections where basically you and the girl future projector cellsves this time in a more chill down to earth real environment okay for example。

 you know what we should have coffee sometime like you know what。

 we should hang out during the day sometime okay basically get her thinking of you and her in a more real environment you know like talking over coffee where now you're a real person or hanging out during the day and stepping away from all the craziness okay because this can happen a lot when you just go in you're just very like I'm the shit I am sexworthy she's like oh my god this guys so fucking cool she's laughing she's emotionally invested。

But when you leave， she doesn't remember that much about you。

 she doesn't really even view you as a real person。 You kind of become this cool emotion。 okay。

 she's like， oh， this guy was so cool。 It was like a fun little moment of the night。

 It was like a cool song playing and you're not like very you know humanized Okay。

 you didn't really cement yourself like look。😊，We had fun。 I know， you know。

 you emotionally react very well。 but look， I'm also actually real。 you know。

 I'm someone you could actually you know， introduce your friends， introduced to your parents。

 We could have a normal conversation， you know， I'm now this person here。

 so future projections helps a lot with that。 Show in vulnerability or sharing something very personal with the girl has the same effect as well。

 where you're like， look， I don't usually tell this to people， but you know， when I was a kid。

 this happened to me or like， you know what， I don't know if I should tell you this。

 you know it kind of makes me seem like a little nerdy。 you know， it's a little embarrassing。

 butt dot dot dot do whatever you may want to say， basically sharing like a little secret。

 It's like listen， I like you so much and it's so special between us that I feel like I can just open up with you。

 I feel like I can just tell you anything I can just share everything。 You know。

 I can be real with you that is a great way。 It look I can just be real and make it vulnerable。

 know like share something that kind of you humanizes。😊，It's like。

 look when I was a kid and it's actually a true story， I had like this little rabbit。

 and he was like， my best friend， you know like when I was a kid， this happened。 you know we're like。

 you know what I don't usually tell this to people it's kind of a secret。 It's kind of embarrassing。

 but I really like these movies you if you're into video games you can be like know I'm actually a huge nerd for video games。

 I know it's nerdy， I know it's quirky， but I just thought that you should know basically opening up to the girl。

 She's like wow， this guy must really like me。 I'm not like the next fucking broad。

 I'm not like another little number on the list。 this is actually a special moment。

 it's something different。 know and he realizes that and he can actually be real so like opening up with the girl helps qualify her as well The frame you should come from when qualifying the girl is making her feel like she's winning you over remember no girl is ever going to value a guy that's just like given to her。

 she's like if I don't have to put any fucking work in this guy he must be worthless because。Sworthy。

 I would win that guy over。 Okay， she wants the wild stallion。 she can tame。 Okay。

 she wants to be like， you know what， I'm putting in the work and the more I put in the work。

 the more I get the guy to qualify me， the more I see his real personality。

 the more he opens up and the more I hook him。 okay， the more he becomes hooked。

 And this is very important as well。 when qualifying the girl basically you have to be hooked by her and show her that so remember when you go in you're like fun。

 the girl sees that you're on purpose you' You're doing your own thing selfmusing you' on top of the four pillars。

 becomes hooked like the anime eyes trying for a。 She's like oh my god， okay emotionally investing。

 but you have to do so as well You're like fun， fun fun。 there's something different about this girl。

😊，Anime eyes a bit， Megan Fox， you're like， wait， wait wait， you know。

 I was going to keep on going on my purpose in path， I was going to keep having fun。

But let's just see one second。 This girl is a little different than the rest。 You know。

 there's something special here。 There's something I like about you。Bm and you're hooked。

 And that is ultimately qualifying the girl。 Now， don't overdo this。 Okay。

 remember too much of something is always bad。 If you're just like， you know what。

 qualify the girl and you just focus on that。 You're like， listen， I really like you。

 It's so different with you。 Oh my God。 Here's another secret about me。

 Here's another secret about me。 Here's me opening up。 Here's me being vulnerable。 I like you。

 I like you。 I like you。 She's gonna be like， whoa。

 this guy clearly forgot about the value side of things。 remember， it's always a balance。

 value qualification。 It has to be the two。 He's a little too focused on the qualification side of things。

 And he has now become the provider。 Okay， that's how you should view it。

 value is pretty much the lover。 It's like fun。 I'm the shit。 I do what I want。 Q is the provider。

 And if you just do qualification。 She'll be like done。 So how I personally do it。

 is I go in as being the lover。 You know， I focus on the value side of things at first。 I'm like。

 look， I'm the shit。 I'm sexworthy， you know， I pass all the tests。

 I just go and really fucking strong。 And as the interaction progress is。 Okay。

more the girl starts chasing， the more she starts investing and we're about to cover this。

 the more I reward that investment with little glimpses of being the provider little glimpses of qualification just sprinkled in it's like look you're gradually winning me over the more you invest the more I qualify and that's every girl's dream every girl wants the lover。

 She wants like the cool guy。 she's like oh my god， this guy's amazing。 I want to fuck him。

 he has so much value。 Hes the alpha guy。 but she doesn't really want him to stay the alpha guy because otherwise look a fuck other girls。

 she wants the alpha guy she can win over and basically transform into being a provider and what makes him transform what makes him open up。

 what makes him oh my god spill his guts to the girl her So there's that nice codependence and she ultimately reeled him in she hooked him so that's the impression you want to give that's ultimately the frame of mine you should come from and qualifying the girl and is a last little side notes by doing this being the lover in general。

Little glimpses of being the provider after sex， you can pretty much take the interaction in whichever direction you want if you want to keep her as like a fuck buddy。

 you didn't mismanage the expectations because you're lover overall。 you're like。

 look it was all fun in games you're now my fuckdy you didn't expect me be my girlfriend did you look it was fun。

 You're having fun。 I'm the fucking you lover but if you do decide to make your girlfriend you can as well because there's those glimpses of being the provider。

 It's not out of the blue。 you didn't mismanage the expectations。

 you weren't like fun fun fun by the way， girlfriend。

 it's a little bit more expected because you planted those seeds so general friend of mind I'm the lover。

 I focus on the value and the more she invests， the more the interaction progresses there's little glimpses of qualification glimpses of being the provider and that is the best way to frame your interactions now link this back to the whole like make her feel like she's winning you over it's important that during the vibing phase you reinforce that she is the one chasing you She is the one doing the work。

 She's the one。Again， winning you the fuck over now this will naturally happen the more you self ause。

 you know you're in your own little party， you're gaining yourself。

 it's your reality you're like look at me， I'm so fucking awesome。

 my actions pump me up not your little reactions and she's gonna want to join that party okay it's not you going up trying to take value trying to join hers she's trying to join yours she will naturally start doing the work she's gonna to be the one asking the questions she's gonna be like you know what what is your name Oh my god what do you do Oh my god what is your phone number and start investing that way。

 but this is something that has to happen and there are some ways that you can amplify it。

for it So the first thing that you need to do is give her room to chase okay as simple as that just give her fucking room Okay remember we talked about switching away from the 90%。

10% and making it more 5050 Don't get caught up and just doing and doing and doing you know it's so funny to see this guys always assume that girls will just leave if they stop doing something and just because they keep on doing。

 doing， doing doing the girl wants to chase， but she just doesn't have the opportunity to do so okay for example。

 say you're just like leaning in you're like hey， what's up how' it go in if you're there how do you want her to lean in she can't physically do it if you're just talking。

 talking， talking sometimes the girls gonna want to talk back but you don't give her those little breaks in the interaction there are no lulls。

 there are no opportunities for her to start。Chasing or talking back。 Okay。

 so start giving you those opportunities， start slowing down。 you know。

 start just doing little pauses。 Now the way that I do them is I'm just talking， talking， talking。

 And if I pause， I won't just be like。I'll just stop。And instead of being like all oblivious。

 I'll start her dead in the eye and just be like。Kind like expectant， you know， like， look。

 it's your turn to partake in this interaction。 This isn't a one man show。Here。

 you can join the fun that you don't have to， I don't need you to， but。Let's see what she got。Okay。

 like that is the frame of mind if I'm talking to her I'll go in。

 but then I'll also you know pull out okay press on pressure off。

 I'll give her the opportunity to lean into me， you know。

 if she can't understand what I'm saying I'm like yeah bla， bla，h。

 she'll be like what what start leaning in you have to give her room Okay。

 simple as that that is step。One step two is accentuating that change in pace。 Okay。

 like really making it clear that it switches from 9010 to 50，50。 Now。

 what are some ways of doing that， playful takeaways。 Now， what are takeaways， Basically。

 you could just be talking to the girl and say， you ask her questions she responds。

 no matter what are responses， you could just be like， you know what， I can't talk to you anymore。

And just turn your fucking back on her。 okay like pretend like you're about to leave。

 Now first you want to playfully do it。 not all serious。 like I can't talk to you like but hurts。

 okay whenever you're introducing a new type of dynamic。

 it's always important to playfully introduce it at first and then you can kind of switch into a more serious takeaway where she's like begging you know and really like putting yourself on the line to like keep you there。

 but at first it like just very playful like oh， I can't talk to you and it kind of reinforces like you know what playfully chase me back and she'll be like no。

 no， no， no no， I'm sorry why can't you talk to me or like oh， I was just kidding。

 I was just kidding okay takeaways， very important to do so and don't freak out okay like a lot of guys don't do this because you think that if they do the takeaway。

 the girl's just gonna stand there Now that can happen okay And if it does again。

 don't fucking freak out an easy way to flip it around it's just like do the takeaway And as soon as you send she's not gonna to chase either turn back and be like I'm just kidding and keep on talking or。

Flip the script on her。 You can turn back and be like， hey， you're supposed to fight for me。

 Why are you fighting for me， fight for me， Okay， playfully doing so， Don't be all but。

 Like fight for me， but introduce it that way。 be like fight for me。 It's like， hey。

 why aret you chasing me。 like， you would really let me go with the fuck。 Okay。

 playfully starts amplifying the I am the prize。 You are chasing and investing in me。

 You really don't feel anything different。 say you met me。You just think I'm like every other guy。

Really。No， I don't think you're like can go if you want No。

 stop treat me like any other guy you just totally use me No， it's go no you need to stop。

 you need to stop No， stop， stop。 You're not。 I don't come back to every other。

 like me just like Are you out of your mind。 Are you out of your mind。

 I don't come back five times to some random guy。 So what's different about me。T me， I can't。

That you're funny and charismatic and you amuse me and you're greatness。And tell me that I look like。

So you're not using me。くらますよい。I feel like something's weird and the third and final way of really amplifying that chasing effect is stripping the girl of validation and ultimately stacking it So let's link this back to hooking。

 remember when I was talking about playfully challenging the girl。

 you know that's really what tles with her emotions。 You know it sparks up that emotional investment。

 You know it help you reach the sexual hook points。

 we'll just call that level one Okay like just playful challenges like oh you're 26。😊，Interesting。

 why is that interesting Okay， even there she starts chasing a little bit Now to really hammer home you are fucking chasing me。

 you can ultimately stack these little pushes and this is level 2 So say you're like you know what you're 26 is very interesting or even better say you kiss a girl and then you're like oh。

 you know what， you're a horrible kisser。That's like a massive push Now。

 basically what you're doing there is you're stripping her a validation。

 Okay like girls always want to get like validated。

 they want their little social status to go up if you're like oh horrible kiss her she's like what the fuck and she's gonna want to start chasing that validation chasing your approval trying to have her little comeback。

 there's a little need that's unfilled Now instead of giving her that opportunity like oh you' horrible kisser what you gonna do about it like level one where she then has her little comeback What you do here is you strip her of that opportunity Now you can either do this by quickly changing the topic like say you're like you know what。

 you're a horrible kisser anyway， what's your name And then you just set the rhythm on what's your name like what's your name。

 what's your name， what's your name like onto the next now she's onto the next but there's still that need left unfilled。

 She's still like oh but he said it was a horrible kisser I did on my comeback。 Oh my god。

 oh my god chasing effect and even better than moving on to the next topic you cut the thread you take away that。

Opportunity to get her validation back with another push and you start stacking these little challenges and just stacking the stripping of validation it's like oh how does it feel you to know that you're horrible kisser and she's like I'm not a horrible kisser you know this is this and you're like。

Doubt it No， I'm serious， I'm serious， like， look。I like you。

 but you know it's still like you're just not that good you're old as well and you just keep on building and building and building and she just starts chasing and chasing and chasing okay it's like strip she tries to ever come back cut another strip。

 come back， cut strip and the need just keeps growing and growing and growing really amplifying the sexual tension and really amplifying that again she's the one chasing you put in all this work。

 there's like a massive like challenge every time her emotions keep on building and this here creates like a massive vacuum effect that really turns the girl on How does it feel to know though that you're a horrible concern。

I'm just asking just saying how does it feel， I be like， oh my God， shit。

Maybe I'm the old way of kissing， I haven't learned the young way of kissing。W。No， I've never been。

Your average， but I standards it's fun I'm a great kisser you're old。

Everybodys help break your heart。Well， we are。We are each other's mirror。

So what we see in each other we see in ourselves So if you're saying that I'm old you're seeing yourself I'm very old I wish I was older because for a guy the older。

 get you the better you are for a girl downhill not for me I just finished a 200 mile relay from Huntington Beach Sand you don't have to qualify yourself You don't have to try so hard It's not that I'm trying It's that I know that I just you don't have to prove yourself I like you It's fine It's like like baby baby I did all this it's like's that I just did something really great and I feel as you all。

As I want to be as young as a 12 year old girl， I'm as young say I'm as young as 12 year2， I love it。

 say daddy I'm 12。No no， 12 is not good， 12， 12 pm Do you ever watch the vampire， I have never。喂。

It hasn' an entrance made。I don'm kind of afraid to kiss you again because it was so bad。All， sorry。

What's my name？Your name is whatever I want you to be I forgot your name so its fine。

 but what's my name what's your name？侧么俩。ど味してる。Please send me now。

Reason it's so important to make the girl chase is because the more she chases。

 the more she invests in the interaction。 Okay and this brings us to her next concept。

 make her invest。 now this is something to keep in mind all throughout the interaction as well。

 the more the girl invests in you， the more the girl invests in the interaction。

 the more she's going to want a return on that investment。 basically。

 if the girl is you know working to win you over or chasing you。

 she's not going to want all that emotional effort to be in vain。 she's like chasing， chasing。

 you know qualifying herself， you know， trying to like get over the whole like stripping a validation。

 the stacking all that and she's like trying to tame that sexworthy guy， that wild stallion。

 she's not going to want to fumble at the finish line。 She's like， look。

 if I'm putting in all this effort and all this work into winning this guy over。

 it better be fucking worth it。 so basically pass a certain point where she's invested so much that she's going want that return。

 no matter what so。Make her invest Now， another important aspect when it comes to investment is realizing that a girl's level of compliance is always going to be proportionate to her level of investment okay basically the more she invest in the interaction the more she invests in you the more she'll be willing to comply to for example。

 if you go up to girl you open her and then you're like。

 you know what come my friends and she's like， no， it doesn't mean no。

 I'm never gonna want to fucking meet your friends。

 it just means no my level of investment isn't there yet。

 okay what you're asking me to comply to for me to do that。

 my level of investment needs to be here and right now it's here okay so in that case。

 no just means not yet in which case you talk a little bit more you make her invest a little bit more and you try again later come just don'tbarss me。

I'm just go one block。Be my friend。 you My favorite word too in German is finein I。W adventure。

 you can live your boring life。I don't know， I'm just fucking around like with my friend。

 but you don't have to walk with us so you can just leave us alone like and nobody。

Just break my heart。AgenSad， by the way， come to Dello note tonight。

 De What's there You might be too old that you can try。 Come meet， my friend， though。yes I Okay。

 wait， just shake his hand。 I'll be super sad。Wal say hi actually my other friends from Germany too give me your phone Okay。

 this is why when stopping a walking set， sometimes the hard stop just won't work because she's like。

 look， you're asking me to comply to just stopping by haven't invested anything yet。

 So when you walk with her and you give her that bigger sample of your personality。

 you're also basically making her invest just by spending more time with you and then when you ask her to stop later on。

 she'll be more willing to comply to that because she's invested more。 Now。

 linking this in to the interaction itself when you're asking a girl to kiss you when you're asking a girl to come home with you。

 you're asking her to comply to a lot and trust me in order for her to you know do so she's going to have to invest a lot as well。

 So what are some of the different ways of making her invest The first one and this is pretty much the one that we've covered up to now is emotional investment。

 like getting her to emotionally invest and how do you do that， the same as you would。

Passsses sexual hook point， you know just be man towo okay like walk up laser eyes。

 breaking report tonality， being physical， just being very clear in your intentions and then spiking that up with little playful challenges okay like little pushes that's level one or you can go level two where you start stacking those little pushes。

 you know stripping the girlilla validation that there will help you reach those anime eyes that trying for report toality and the more she emotionally invests the better so that's the first one emotional investments the second one。

I's time investment okay basically the more time the girl spends with you。

 the more she's investing as well because she doesn't have to necessarily acknowledge you Okay。

 she could be doing anything else with her time and the more she's there choosing to be with you。

 the more she's going to backwards rationalize that there's a reason she decide to spend so much time with you。

 She's like， look， if I just spend an hour with this guy。

 it's probably because he's worth it and I don't want to have to waste that hour， you know。

 so I just better fuck him just to make that hour worth it。

 okay so the more time you spend the better。 don't try to rush the interactions。 Okay like of course。

 don't pause them， keep them moving forward。 but this is why you shouldn't you know worry about stressing to get to the finish line。

 just realize like look， time is your fucking ally， the more time you spend the more she invest。

 The third one is forced investment。 Okay this is， for example。

 when you're talking to a girl and you're getting her phone number， you're like listen。

 say call me She's like， why say it。 and you just order her。 It's like force it。 She's like。Call me。

 And even though it doesn't necessarily mean anything。

 just by the fact that she's saying call me is a slight form of investment。

 and then you can wash her and repeat this process where you're like， say it again， say it again。

 say call me， say you love me and force investment that way。

 The fourth way is creating what I like to call windows of investment。 for example。

 if you're talking to a girl and she's like， look， you know。

 I'm just hanging out with my friends tonight， you can be like， oh。

 you're with your friends and slightly misinterpret it and be like you know what。

 I don't want to hold you here if you don't want to。 you know like you can go to your friends。

Now what are you doing， you're basically creating the opportunity for her to be like， oh no no。

 I like talking to you， I want to stay。Basically putting herself on the line。

 risking potentially seeming like a slut， you know and telling her that she likes you and basically jumping through that window of investment now funny enough when you do this。

 you'll notice that girls will rarely say I want to stay they'll usually give you another reason like oh no my friends are having fun it's fine or oh no I'm waiting for my drink or oh you know you're the one that brought me out here you know something along those lines which is good as well okay so create those windows of investment like oh you can go if you want to like I don't want to hold you here or oh。

You know， anyway， it's like you don't have to stay just things like that。 okay。

 give her those opportunities to invest。No。来番。This ice me to give back power。快バで啊。I don't know Piman。

Semester。No。Do get on your knees and， same math， please。Please me my favoriteMa please Oh my God。

 I'm not a dream of master say God， please。对。Say god， god。Please say God。

 say master what if only if you get knees are you out of your do real fast Theres not enough money in the world can get I'm go her now She's my new girl。

 Only if you beg if you want me to say you got to' not knees。 find another girl。

A millionillion of them。对。She won't get on her knees， she wants you to do it and you get。

 I something very wrong。How you doing it， I'll tell you kiss you forever another。みな見。Ba， say master。

 I love you。okay， well you can go now， I don't like you know。If you didn't do it I would liked you。

 I'd never like to go get on knees， you're like a little puppet anymore。然后。It is。I want puppet。

 say I'm the puppet。Sa it again。The last thing you should be very aware of。

 you know in vibing with the girl and ultimately all throughout the interaction is placing herself in a position of authority okay taking charge of the interaction。

 you know being the fucking boss placing the responsibility on your shoulders and ultimately directing where the interaction is going to go okay don't make the mistake of just going in being like you know what。

 I'm enjoying these good reactions。 you know I'm enjoying talking to this girl， the validation。

 you know like external stimulus， let's let her take over you know like go on girl talk be the boss。

 I just want to be here for the ride and bask in the validation because if you do that。

 it's never going to lead towards sex okay remember as we covered before girls will never risk seeming like a slut never ever and if you're like know what。

 here， you decide where this interaction goes， even if she wants to sleep with you。

 she won't be able to move it in that direction because she'll risk seeming like a slut so you have to be the boss。

 you have to be the one who's leading。You know， both verbally and physically。

 you're the one who's in charge of the fucking interaction。

 and it's important that you place yourself in that position of authority。 So how do you do it？ Now。

 similar to the previous concepts， this is something that should just naturally happen。 You know。

 if you just go in， you set the fucking rhythm。 like you're the one who's doing。

 you're like that ship who's like， you know what， get the fuck out of the way。

 I'm going to do what I'm going to do， you get her to react to you， you're on your purpose and path。

 she joins along for the ride， you know and you're just naturally pumping your state through your own actions。

 you know， by being self-ammused。 if you do that， it's naturally going to happen。

 you're going be the boss， she's going to be reacting to you。

 you're going be the one in charge of the interaction。 But again。

 there are ways to amplify that as well。 The first way is verbally leading the interaction。

 Now this can be done in the tonality， you know， like the way that you say what you say or what you say in terms of the content itself。

 Now when we talk about tonality as we previously covered。

You want to be speaking in that breaking rapport type of way where your voice goes down at the end。

 instead of being like， hey， you're like， hey， how's it going， cool， Okay， like just very commanding。

 Like come here， what's your name， Ill cool， on Julia， nice to meet you。 Okay， not like， oh， hey。

 what's your name。 Come here。 I' Julia， nice to meet you。 Okay， like none of that shit。

 Bak rapport tonality。 Now， in terms of placing yourself in a position of authority。

 you can take this a little bit further and ultimately just order and boss the girl around。 You know。

 instead of being like， you know what， what's your name， you could even be like， tell me your name。

 Just like， boom。😊，Tell me your name。Ask me my name。 Tell me where you're from。

 Ask me where I'm from。 Just like， bang， do this。 Do this。 Do this。 I'm the boss。 You follow my lead。

 Okay， you should view yourself as like， look， I'm the fucking CEO。 You're the employee。 Okay。

 tell me this， give me the fucking answer。 You're doing your job。 Good。

 that's the frame you should be coming from。 Now， don't just do this。 Okay。

 like don't walk up to a girl and be like， tell me this。

 She's gonna to be like what the fuck is this guy's problem。 Okay， like again。

 too much of something is always bad。 but it is important to sometimes， you know。

 sprinkle in those little orders just to remind her like， look。

 I'm taking the responsibility for this interaction。 Don't worry， follow my root lead。

 You don't have to， you know， worry about being like a little slut。 I'm the boss here。 I'm the CEO。

 You are the employee。 Okay， so this is in the tonality the way that you say things。

 a simple exercise to get used to doing this。 You know， if you're not used to bossing a girl around。

 know， especially if you're new， You're like， oh my God， girls， and you're like。Youre not going up。

 who the fuck are you to just start bossing her around， just do， you know， a couple approaches where。

You know， for the first 30 seconds， just go full ordering mode。 Okay， that's like a great exercise。

 First 30 seconds， you're only allowed to order her。 So you can be like， say hi to me。 cool。

 ask me my name， tell me your name and just order order order order。 Now。

 this will probably not go anywhere。 Okay， I mean， it might， But oftentimes， the girls gonna be like。

 what the fuck because it's a little too much。 but it is a great way to kind of desensitize yourself to really。

 you know， taking responsibility and really leading verbally in the tonality。

 So practice that is a nice simple exercise。 in terms of what you say。 You know。

 like the content itself。 There are a few different things that you can do。

 The first would simply be cutting her threads。 Okay。

 she starts talking about something that's not really adding to the fun that's not moving the interaction forward。

 you don't have to listen to what she has to say。 You don't have to go down that little path。

 You know if the girls's like， listen， my hamster died last week。

 And I'm so sad because he was my best friend。 And oh my God， my。Haster my hamster， my hamster。

 if you're like fuck， I don't give a shit about hamster is like。

 why do I want to listen to the sad story about your hamster dying。

 You don't have to all you have to do is just cut the thread and introduce a new topic。

 be like you know what。 F that。 We're in a club。 Let's have fun。re like fuck that。

 We're having coffee， let's have fun having coffee。

 let's talk about clowns or whatever the fuck you want to introduce。

 you don't have to be like oh I'm so sorry， I'm so sorry if you don't feel like it remember it's your reality。

 your rules。 if something is bringing the interaction down if something is not moving it forward。

 cut the fucking thread。 And this here will also again amplify。 you are the boss。

 It's like That's not good enough。 cut that's good enough。 I'll tolerate it， go on。

 talk about that that's not good enough。 cut You're the boss。

 she's trying to impress you and this also links into making the girl chase because now she's like my god I got to impress this guys。

 this good enough is this good enough。 Shes。Reacting to you。 she's chasing you。

 She's trying to impress you。 And this is good。 Okay。

 so this is one of the ways of verbally doing it in terms of the content itself。

 Another way is taking on the teacher frame。 you know， instead of being like， Im curious。

 I am the examiner。 Now you are the teacher。 You're like That's very interesting。 little girl。

 little student， let me teach you something about what you just said that you didn't know。

 for example， if girls like you know what， I just came back from Italy， you're like， oh， really。

 I was actually in Rome。 Did you do this， or did you know that blah， bla， b， bla， bla。

 like you take what she said， And instead of like letting her have the topic。

 you make it into your own。 and you expand on it。 You're like， look。

 I know a lot more than you hear some more information。 Okay I'm the boss， I'm outside your league。

 I've experienced a lot more。 I'm the teacher， I'm in a position of authority。 You are the student。

 now， again， very important， don't overdo this or you become like the。😊，guys like， you know what。

 did you know that do do do do do。 Like just do it at times。

 But this is also a subtle way of really amplifying the you are the boss。 And the last way。

 and this is a little bit more subtle， you basically tell her what she's feeling。 Okay。

 now you can do this， for example， when you kiss a girl。 You know， say you kiss her， you pull back。

 you can be like， you know what， You so love me。😊，Just like， you love me。 You so love me。

 You are so fucking in love with me。 And because you previously placed yourself in that position of authority。

 You know， through some of the other ways that we just discussed。

 she will most likely follow that lead。 Okay， she'll be like， oh my God， the kiss。 You love me。

 I love him。 Okay， it'll kind of amplify that frame where， look， you are in love with me。

 You are chasing me。 I am the sex worthy man of your dreams。 Okay， so there's one way there。

 You so love me。Another way could be like， you know what。

 say she does something that's a little bit adventurous， you can be like， ah， you're adventurous。

 you know， I really like that about you。Okay， because again。

 you're in the position of authority when you're like， you are adventurous， I like that about you。

 She's gonna feel good。 She's like， oh shit。 He likes that I'm adventurous。

 And now you kind of set that frame where she has to live up to being an adventurous。

 So when you're about to pull， for example， you're like， oh， come this way。 And she's like， oh。

 I don't know。 you're like， oh， I thought you were adventurous。😊。

Oh I guess I am adventurous okay and then she'll more likely you know go with you Now the other way of leading the interaction is to physically do so。

 Now you can do this just by practicing the physical moves that we previously discussed。

 if you're going up to a girl， you're spinning her， you're hugging her， you're picking her up。

 you're just being physical you are establishing that you're at the cause not at the effect that you're doing。

 doing and doing know it's like I am doing my shit I'm on my purpose and path。

 you react to me you submit ultimately I'm not waiting for permission。

 you know I'm not calibrating before I'm calibrating after instead I am physically dominating you Okay so just by being physical。

 it's like look， I am the fucking boss I am in a position of authority okay so that's just very simple logical basic way Now if you want to take this further。

 you can also do this by physically moving her around the environment it's very。

That when I'm talking to a girl， I'm just standing in one place the entire time。 Okay。

 this almost never happens。 I'm never like， you know what， talking， talking。

 talking right here for like an entire hour。 Okay， I'm constantly moving the girl around instead。

 okay， I remember when you talked about togetherness。 You know， like building comforts。

 The more environment she's in with you。 the more the environments are changing。

 the more you and her remain the same。 You know， it's like you and her together as one。

 but the more you move her around as well。 the more you reinforce that look， I am the fucking boss。

 Okay， just come over here with me。 Okay， now come over here with me。 I am leading。

 you follow my lead。 like you don't have to be held accountable。 Just walk over here。

 I'm the one pulling you here。 Okay， you're like， you know what， come bang and just drag somewhere。

 And you can also build compliance that way。 You know， if you're talking to a girl and you're like。

 listen， move two feet to the right with me。 You know， just just come over here。 You know。

 say she agrees to moving2 feet to the right。 once she agreed。

To do so shell probably be more likely to agree moving another two feet and another two feet than if you had suggested。

 say moving 4 feet or 6 feet in the first place。 Okay so you can kind of build it up that way。

 okay but physically moving around important as fuck， start making that a habit。

 you know suit as you say hi， just start bouncing around different environments。

 different environments， different environments。 Okay you're in a position of authority。

 you are physically leading。 So we've covered everything you need to know in terms of vibing。 okay。

 like don't forget to switch from that 90%，10% to a more 50，50。

 okay where you're both reacting off of each other。

 you're not just doing and doing and doing know like drug hit， drug hit， drug hit。

 like slow it the fuck down， don't make the girl overdose， make it more sustainable。

 like make that switch， then build comfort。 like focus on togetherness。

 know reinforcing that you and her are now a single entity。 qualify the girl。 okay。

Let her know why she's special， you know let her know why she deserves such a sexworthy guy and it's not just because you want to fuck okay and you're not putting on a little front。

 it's not like a little trick。 it's actually real get her to chase you okay like do those little pushes stack the stripping of validation make her invest okay we covered all the different forms of investment you know like the investment hoops you can stack on to the stripping a validation and overall don't forget to place yourself in a position of authority。

