# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：12、破解废测_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So you've opened her， you know， like you win strong， straight line to the girl。 You know。

 you didn't calibrate before。 You set the frame from the very start， which is like man to woman。

 You started getting her to react to you， you know， like just plowing， plowing， pllowing。

 you're doing， doing， doing。 She is on the receiving end。 She's under your influence。 You。

 you might have challenged her a little bit， trying to reach that sexual hook point。

Not every girl is necessarily just going to stand there and take it。 Okay。

 like when you challenge a girl， you go up like， oh you from L A， it's interesting。 No what。

 I hate L A。 You're too stuck up or hey， what's up。

 I'm Julian just like blunt and straightforward like that。😊。

Some girls are going to challenge you back okay， and they basically do that in the form of tests。

 Okay， we call these congruence tests or shit tests where basically the girls like you know what？

This cocky mother fuckcker。 He just walks up blunt a shit。 confident is shit。 You know， like。

 you assume that sexworthiness。 You're like， this is me， you know， just very， very clear。

 She's not necessarily gonna take your word for that。 She's like， you know what， He seems cool。

 He presents himself as being very cool。 But it's not that hard to fake。 You know。

 in the first few seconds of an interaction。 You know， like the most pathetic piece of shit on earth。

 You know， you could probably teach him to be confident for like a minute or two。 It's like。

 do just walk up， be confident， you know， talk breaking her personality， Here's a few lines。

 a few things you can say， just go up and talk to the girl， you know， anyone can pretty much do that。

 Okay， so the girl's pretty much gonna be like， you know what， He's cool。 like he seems cool。

 But is he really， who's presenting himself to be， Okay， let's find out。

 And she's going to test you or challenge you back， if you will。

 to see if you're congruent with the way that you presented yourself。 Okay。

 because if you go up're just like， bang。 like what's up。I'm Julian。 She's like， really。

Are you really that confident or are you just faking it， Test test test。

 And if you're someone who just like learned a few lines or again。

 that piece of shit is just like trying to be cool for a minute or two。

 you're gonna freeze and flip the fuck out。 As soon as a girl challenges you back or tries to throw you off your feet。

 You're gonna be like， oh， shit。 And the real you who's not necessarily naturally attractive。

 is's going to come out。 Okay， and then she'll be like，Got you。 You're not sexworthy。

 Get the fuck out of here and you're done。 Okay， so she's going to test you。 Exp it。

 assume it and ultimately be happy when that happens。 Okay。

 it's very common to see guys freak out like， oh my God， she's testing me。 She's testing me。😊。

It's good。 Okay， if she's testing you， what does that communicate， Okay， first of all。

 it means that you presented yourself in a sexworthy way。 Okay。

 girls are not necessarily that mean they're not gonna like congruence test or shit test guys who they aren't attracted to。

 if they see some little nerds sitting at a table just like very quiet。 playing a video game。

 They're not gonna go up and be like， nice video game bro and start like trying to the guy playing the video game。

 they won't do that， they will only do it if they're like， oh， is this guy a sexual threat。

 Is this guy man to woman， is this guy worthy， you know， like impregnating me basically。

 so if they're testing you， that's good， like be happy。

 what they're basically doing is creating an opportunity for you to demonstrate your sexworthiness。

 and that's really you should view it， know like go up to the girl You're like hey what's up。

 She's like， you can't say that or like really， really you dare going that strong。

 like what you gonna do like you dare challenge me。 like challenge you back。😊，You should not be like。

 oh， that's bad。 You should be like， testing me。 That means that you know what。

 she views me as being sexworth， like a potential sexual suitor， A。

 And here's just like an easy way to show her that I'm not affected。 You know。

 it's like I'm not seeking her reactions。 I don't care if it's like good or bad。

 Like my actions pump me up。 I'm on my purpose in path。 I'm doing my thing。😊，Awesome， and also。

 keep this in mind。 Girls love to test guys and they'll do some continuous basiss just to experience you passing the test。

 Okay， like realize it's a massive turn on for a girl when she tests the guy。

 and he just like passes it。 where he' like challenges her back。 She's like， you know。

 it's like a hit of masculinity。 if you will。 She's like， oh shit。 You know， And then she' like。

 do it again。 It's like， let me， let me experience a little bit more masculinity。 Test again。

 let's here he'll react。 You're just like。😊，Fitch， please， you just like pass it。

 like more and more of a turn on。 So that's also a way of the girl trying to arouse herself。

 if you will， again， be happy when that happens and just embrace it。 So the best way in general。

 you know， to pass a test iss to remain emotionally unreactive。 Now what does that mean， Basically。

 girls are going to test you when you approach and be like oh， is that your pickup line or like。

 you know what， it's girls' night， It's girl night or even try to ignore you sometimes or just give you that stare like。

😊，And just not even respond。 And they're just gonna see if you emotionally flinch。 Okay。

 like if they're like， you know what， you's saying your pickup line。 you're like， no， I'm sorry。

 it's not my pickup line。 I was actually trying to say hi， you' like， oh， it's girls's night。 Oh。

 or if she's staring at you， just feel like， until this sense you're a little bit more uncomfortable than she is。

 she will lose attraction。 Okay， so in general， the more passive， the better。 Okay， you're just very。

 very grounded。 Okay， remember as a guy，'re on your path and purpose in life。

 you're like doing your thing。 You don't necessarily need again， those good reactions。

 You don't need her validation。 You' just like， you know what。😊，It's about me。 Okay。

 and whatever she says， it's not going to change that shit。 Okay。

 it's like I'm gonna to do what I'm going to do， no matter fucking what。 if you walk up， you're like。

 hey， what's up， She's like， oh， is that your pickup line， You're just like。Yep。

 or you could be like。No， okay， it really doesn't matter what you say if you're just like。Again。

You just don't flinch。 You're just like， icy。 Okay， I fucking cold。 They're gonna be like， oh。

 holy shit。 Like， I can't get to this guy。 Okay， he knows who he is。 He knows what he wants。

He's on top of his path。Purpose， okay， so don't emotionally react。

 That is the best way to go about this and ultimately realize that whatever a girl says， you know。

 when she's like trying to test you， it's ever going to truly change who you are。 Okay。

 if she's like， you can't say that or like you're not cool enough to say that。

 that's like the challenge she puts out there。 It doesn't mean that you're not cool enough。

 you're not gonna go home that night。 Like the girl says it wasn't cool enough。 cool enough now。

 it's like fuck no， Okay， again， you know who you are more than anyone else。

 nothing is going to change that。 And that's what she's looking for。 she's like， you know what。

 that strong pillar。 that's strong reality that has more value than all of the other realities out there。

 Now， keep in mind that being emotionally unreactive does not necessarily mean being unresponsive。

 Okay， you still have to keep the interaction going。 and the girl still ask people to relate to you。

 Okay， like there's a difference between her testing you just for the fun of it。

 like to challenge you like you can't say that to her just not understanding。 Like。

What what the fuck okay and in that case， you have to follow the three steps that we covered。

 where it's like you know what， Take a step back， Use the statement bit of empathy。

 change the topic fast， act as if it never happened and washher's repeat until you're on the same page okay if the girls like sincerely like emotionally disturbed or just can't comprehend or her buying temperature isn't there yet don't just be like I'm challenging her It's like oh。

 listen， I was just kidding and then find a challenge or something of intrigue that is on that same level that she's able to relate to okay so unreactive。

 you're still able to talk back and just make sure she's able to emotionally follow where you're at now in terms of verbally responding to a test。

 you have a few options。 Okay like one could just be responding just very straightforward and just very logically Okay for example。

 she's like is that your pickup line。 you're like actually it is she's like you know what。

You're too old or you're too young。 You're like， well。I guess I am。 Anyway， blah， blah， bh， bla。

 blah。 Okay， it's like again， she doesn't care so much about the verbal。

 She's just looking at the emotional reactivity。 So you could just answer it just very logically。

 just very blunt， straight to the point。Another way is just not to acknowledge it or answer at all。

 Okay， realize that you don't have to always like provide like a little answer to whatever she says。

 So she's like， you know what， Is that your pickup line， you're like。Anyway， bh，la，h， it's like。

 again， you're leading， you're setting the fucking rhythm。 Don't necessarily let her。

Take over that lead and start reacting to her。 So you don't have to necessarily acknowledge it。

 Don't fall into the trap of you like a little people pleaser and try to make everything important。

 Okay， she's just looking at the emotional， you know， wavelength of the interaction。The third way。

 and this is。Probably my personal preference is to embrace it。

 kind of like make it your own and ultimately challenge her back。 Okay。

 so say you take the example like， you know what？You're too old。 Okay。

 and you'll hear it sometimes' like you're too old or like you're too young。Now。

 there are two ways of kind of like embracing this and throwing it back at her。 Okay。

 the first one is to embrace it and exaggerate it。 Okay， it's like， you know what， she's like。

 you're too old。 You're like， yeah， you know what， I'm just， I'm so old。 You know what I like。

So many wrinkles， you know， I could be like your father。 I could be your grandfather。

 Tell me you like me， call me daddy。 you know， it's say daddy， I'm 12。

 how long do you like wrinkles for girl or something along those lines， you know。

 just like exagger it， kind of like make it plenty and use it for your own amusement。

The other way is to exaggerate it in the opposite direction and pretty much just flip it on her and challenge her back。

 If she's like， you know what， you're too old， you could just be like， you know what？

You're too young。 You could be my daughter。 You could be my granddaughter。 You know what。

 I love little girls。 You know， I just love。😊，OhI just I don't。

The young little fresh skin or something， something along those lines there。 Okay。

 so that's like an easy formula to kind of like embrace it。 Okay。

 my general view on tests is it's pretty much like clay。 Okay。

 like the whole interaction is clay And whatever test she throws at me is just more material， Okay。

 for me to just add to the sculpture that is the interaction。 She's like， you're too old。 I'm like。

 what can I do with this。 How can I improvise on this in a way that just。😊。

Scos the attraction in a better way okay， she's like you know what？I hate your shirt。 You're like。

 yeah， you know it's like。It makes me more attainable。 You know。

 I'm like too beautiful otherwise with a better shirt。 You know。

 it makes girls think that they have a chance。 bang。 there's another way ofrovising on it。

 And she's like， know what。You look like a hipster， you're like a toli am hipster。 you know。

 like I listen to radio head is I like cry in the shower， just like exaggerate， like make your own。

 There's nothing necessarily bad of it。 It's just like more material， more contents， okay。

 more for you to just play off of and ultimately create something out of nothing okay so those are pretty much the three ways of responding to it verbally either。

Straightfor answer， just like very simple。 like yep， yes， no， Okay， whatever you want to say2。

 don't respond at all。 just keep the interaction going。 Okay， like you're in charge。 you're leading3。

 embrace it。 okay， it's like clay， it's material for you to play with in a way that's very self amusing and you can either exaggerate it in the same direction。

 Okay like you're tolded Im sold I'm your grandfather or your father or exaggerated in the opposite direction。

 Okay， what's like， yeah， you know it， you can be my daughter or granddaughter。

 you're too young and challenge her back that way。 by the way she should be black。I know I try to。

 it makes me more attainable。Are you wearing a belt because I'm too beautiful otherwise。

I'm like too my hair is too beautiful， never ever， ever do that Why not because I'm too shy and plus worry too shy you look very hipster。

I am a hipster， I a hipster I listen to。Radio head while in the shower。

 don't like to be called hip soon。I know I used to be in Richmond， Virginia。

 everybody's a hipster kind like by me not being a hipster I love you if you're a you look actually massively hipster。

 like untied ghetto shoes， dirty clothes， walking down the street。Like some lost dog。

 And one last easy， you know， like default go to that I want to throw in here as well is the old school calling her out on trying to step up or trying a little too hard。

 Okay， you can pretty much say this to whatever test a girl throws at you。 You know， she's like。

 you're， you're too old。 You can be like， don't try so hard。 Like， look。

 you don't have to try so hard。 I like you。 It's fine。 We're like， don't try to step up。

 Just like call her out on it。 And again， that same like playful little challenging tone。 It's like。

 don't try so hard。😊，What you gonna do Okay， and also， keep in mind， laser eye contact。 Okay。

 if the girl's looking for you to flinch， she might see it again。

 like just in the vibe we in your demeanor。 But a lot of it is just in the eyes。 Like if you flinch。

 you'd be like， you'll just like look this side real fast。 We like bottom。 So remember。

 it's like laser eyes kind of like squint a little bit， be like，Don't try so hard。

I know what you're up to。Don't try to step up。You know I'm a fucking public speaker。

 I give speeches from thousands of people。 What are you going to do。I can slow them down。

 look at you just in your head， talking， trying to qualify yourself， trying to prove yourself。

 say CNN again I've been on CNN proving myself and now you think shit， I don't know what to say next。

 I look away， I try to talk， try to break the tension。

 I look into his eyes and I can feel the strong tinness of my emotions。I get a bit more in my head。

 he gets closer， his forehead touches mine， I don't know what's happening anymore。

 I don't know if I should push him off for sta if I stop staring I lose the frame。

 I get in my head again I stare harder trying to provoke some anger， but it's not working。

still penetrate ofs through grabs my shoulder。Mless my back， hugs me and again。

 I push him off thinking it'll help， but it just won't help， he grabs my hair。I'm like， damn。

 this guy could be Alexander's Oscarsco。hell。Now， don't get paranoid。 Okay。

 not everything is necessarily a test。 Okay， Once you learn about this， it's very easy to be like。

 yo， she's testing me all the time。 She's out to get me。 She's out to see if I'm flinching。

 even when she asked me like a basic question。 like what do I do， She's trying to test me。 Oh my God。

 And you kind of slip into that old。 you know， like me versus her versus like me and her together。

 You know， like assuming that familiarity， And you just can't slow down and be real。 she's like。

 what do you do， You're like， well， I work at McDonald's， you know。

 and like try to exaggerate improvise on it。 And she's like， no， listen seriously。

 I'm not testing you like， what do you do， work at McDonald's。😊，Seriously， what do you do？McDonald。

's you just like fuck it up。 Okay， like too much of something is always bad。 Okay。

 like just relax again。 Like， don't view it as like a big deal。 Remember。

 the less of a deal you make out of a test， the better just feel like shit， find it funny。

 If it happens， be okay with it。 don't fall into the trap of being like， again， me versus the girl。

