# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：16、A计划诱导女生跟你走_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So let's start off with plan A， okay， pull her。 Now， as we've previously discussed， you know。

 when talking about female psychology， women have an emotional brain and a logical brain。

 So if we just look at the emotional brain right now。

 what is she feeling Okay assuming you've done everything right， You went in， you've opened。

 you've hooked， you started vibing。 you know， you determined the logistics。

 you're acting through the four pillars of sexworthiness。 You know。

 being purposeful controlled flowing selfamused。 And right now her download bar or bind temperature is up here。

 this girl is ready for sex。 Okay emotionally she's attracted to you。 she's like， know what。

 I'm ready for the climax。 Okay， I want to fuck this guy。 something you can ask yourself。

 you know to easily tell if the girl is at that point。

 and I do this all the time is if suddenly you know like me and this girl were're transported。

 know like magically transported in this room with the bed。 and there's no one else there。

 no one to judge her。At all， Would it make sense for me to throw on the bed and fuck her。

 or would she be like， what the fuck are you doing， Okay， And if the answer is yes。

 you are good to go， Now， this is just covering， you know， the emotional side of her brain。

 What is happening on the logical side。 Slut， slut， sluts。 Okay， the girl's like， oh my God。

 I love this guy want to fuck him， But if I make a move if I just fuck him， you know。

 and I just met him， what is society going to be saying， what are my friends going to be saying what。

 I gonna to be telling myself， you are a fucking slut。 Okay。

 and I will lose my social value You know， I will just be judged。 now not feel good about this shit。

 So the logical side of her brain， You know， which is basically socially conditioned is not on the same page is the emotional side。

 Okay， and guess what a big part of pulling is aligning them。 Okay。

 a big part of pulling is taking the responsibility off of the girl and making her feel comfortable。

Do what she wants to do。 Okay， she cannot be held accountable for it。 remember the Michael analogy。

 Okay， it's your job to know like take her somewhere where Michael cannot see where Michael cannot judge her where Michael cannot fire her and that is a big part of pulling Okay so emotionally she wants to you're good as long as you fucking sexworth as long as you know the buying temperature is there。

 you're good to go and pulling is basically soothing okay， the logical brain。

 it's giving her reasons to do what she wants to do with you。

 it's giving her those logical excuses to do what she emotionally wants to do。

 So there are two ways of doing this the first one is leading Now we previously you know kind of touched on this in terms of you know cutting her threads say verbally or moving her around the environment。

 you know physically all throughout the interaction。 but when it comes to pulling。

 you have to be the one who's leading and moving it forward remember。

The girl can never be held accountable。 She's gonna feel like a slut。 But if you do it。 guess what。

 she just， you know， went along for the ride。 You know it just happened。 Okay。

 she has to tell herself that it's like she fuck you， she's like， well， it just happened。 know。

 I was just kind of going with the flow And you know， he was leading。 He was moving things forward。

 You know in a way where you， it just made me feel very comfortable。

 Like I didn't have to make any decisions compromising myself it's all good Okay so lead， lead， lead。

 lead， lead don't wait for her permission either， don't be like。

 so do do you want to go back say to my place and fuck okay do you want to come this way and you know。

 go to my bedroom because guess what， she will never give you that permission Okay she'll never be like sure you fucking just do it。

 you fucking lead。 Okay， don't ask for permission。 Okay， the way I view it as look。

A girl is either going to say nothing or say no， but never expect her to say yes， okay。

 yes would be again， making herself seem like a slut。 If she says nothing， interpret that as a yes。

 okay， if you're like， come and she's just like。Coming along。 fucking awesome。 Okay。

 it just happened。 I just went along with it。 Okay， And if she says no， then that means no， you know。

 Washington's repeat， try again later。 that's when you stop， but don't ask for fucking permission。

 remember this line here。 It's easier to ask for forgiveness。 Then it is to ask for permission。 Okay。

 don't calibrate before， calibrate after say you're like， let' go let's go， let's go。's like， no。

 okay， sorry， ask for forgiveness。 then now don't stop if you get token resistance。

 Okay if the girl's like no， no， no， you can still move it forward。 But if you get the serious no。

 she's like， no， then stop， okay， take a step back。

 Take some of the pressure off and then see if you can try again later。 Okay， but go for it。

 don't wait for a little sign from the girl。 Okay， assume that it's on ask yourself。 You know what。

 she would fuck me if we were isolated。 Let's do the shit。 Okay， gun to the head。

 make it fucking happen。Ultimately， you want to be the guy who's like， you know the first to just。

For it， but you're also the first to you know back off as soon as you get that serious no okay and ultimately don't feel guilty or bad about it you have to take on that identity of just being like a goal getter。

 the guy who moves it forward it's like look as we previously said you're a guy you love sex you have good intentions she needs you and she wants you to make it happen that way the other way is giving her little bits and pieces that she can take and rationalize why it's okay to go home with you okay for example。

 if you're talking to a girl and you want to bring her back to your place and ultimately sleep with her you're not going to say you know what。

Let's go back to my place and fuck。 Okay， let's go have sex right now。 Okay， don't say that。

 doing so is extremely irresponsible。 Okay， you're really putting around the spot。 you're like， look。

 are you a slut or not。 She's gonna feel very uncomfortable and ultimately。

 you're never going to get any type of results。 Just being like， you know what。

 let's go fuck right now。 Okay， so instead of saying that。

 give her a logical excuse to go home with you instead， Okay， give her those little bits and pieces。

 an easy， you know， classic one would be after party。 Okay， instead of suggesting going back to fuck。

 just suggest， you know what， Let's go to this after party。 Okay， oh， where is it， You it's。

 it's my apartment。 You know， a lot of people are gathering there。 Come to an after party。Okay。

 or even be more vague。 Just be like afterpart。 as simple as that。

 What's cool with the after party is that there is no real definition。 You know。

 like what's an after party， it could just be you listening to music by yourself in your apartments。

 it could be you in your roommates hanging out， It could be， know， some people hanging out。

 It could just be like a party that's after and that's you know， in your bed。

 there's no like definition like an after party is， you know。

 when a certain amount of people gather and just party like fuck that。 just be like， you know what。

 after party。 or some of the old school classics would be like。

 you know what come and watch this movie back in my place。 or you know what。

 I want to show you something in my apartment。 Why don't you come on up。

 you give her those little bits and pieces， she can be like， okay， I'm not going up to fuck him。

 Okay， even though emotionally， it's pretty clear， especially if you're like after party。

 she knows deep down inside either consciously or unconsciously， know why。She's going up with you。

 Of course， it's for sex。 but she's able to tell herself like no， no no no。

 you're not as slut because he just wants to show you something。 Okay as dumb as that sounds。

 And you ultimately take the responsibility off of the girl that way。 Okay。

 so give her those little bits and pieces she can take and rationalize why it's okay to go home with you why it's okay to follow and do what she emotionally wants to do。

 Another great one。 I just want to throw in here as well is adventure。 Okay， afterpart and adventure。

 Now what I love about just saying adventure is that it frames the interaction from this serious。

 We are going back to my apartment right now。 but don't freak out。 theres an afterpart。

 there are some movies to watch。 you know， whatever excuse you may want to give her。

 you just reframe it where it's like， look， it's some fun adventure。 You know。

 you've never done anything like this ever before。 Okay。

 you can go back to living your little boring routine life。 You know whenever you want。 But for now。

 adventure。 let's be fucking crazy。 Okay I thought you were adventuredventurous。 You know。

 that's something that I like to about you。😊，If you kind of planted that beforehand。

 you like know you're aventurous， let's fucking go， see what happens， let's be crazy。

 Okay that's another great little piece or a little bit you can just throw in here to bring her home and don't freak out either when you say this because some people are like oh well isn't that incongruent。

 you know like if you want to fuck her shouldn't you just be clear and be like know what I want to fuck you but the answer to that is no okay saying that again is irresponsible。

 it's your job to make her feel comfortable okay and if you think in terms of being congruent。

 look more on the emotional side。 in the subcomications。

 which is what the girl is looking at if in the subcomications。

 you're sexworth it's on you are congruent okay you have to make it relatable to the girl。

 you can't just be like know what， I want to fuck you it's like let's go home let's go this after party。

 let's watch this。Now when you do this， you know， you start seeing after party。

 you start seeing adventure， you start pulling her。

 it's very rare that a girls just going to be like， you know what， after party adventure。Okay。

 and just。Start going home with you just like that。 Okay， now it can happen。 But most of the time。

 what is a girl going to do， she's going to give you objections。 Okay， she's gonna be like， no， no。

 I don't know if I should be doing this。 listen， I'm not going sleep with you。 Okay。

 I just want to let you know right now。 I'm not going sleep with you。 Nothing is going to happen。

 Okay， I can't， I can't， I can't no no， no， no， no， nothing's going happen， I can't sleep with you。

 I'm not that type of girl just to be clear。 I don't want you to be wasting your time on me。

 nothing's going happen。 Okay， now when she says this， it's not bad。 Okay。

 guys get this and like nothing's going to happen。 and they just give up。 It's like no。

 a girl has to say that。 Okay， if you're like afterpart。 some girls will be like sure。

 let's go on the fucking afterpart， It's all fucking good。 but other girls will be like。

 oh if I just say yes， even though it's an afterpart。 even though he gave me that little。

 logical excuse to go home with him。 I'll still seem like a st。

 I got to put up a little bit more resistance in order to go home。

With so I'm going say nothing's gonna to happen。 I'm going say no， I don't know if I should。

 And ultimately when she comes up with those objections， it's now your job to find the solutions。

 So when you say afterpart or adventure what are some of the objections that you may encounter okay the most common ones are oh I can't my my friends okay like the friends。

 you know， I can't leave my friends， my friends are here I got to stay with my friends， I'm sorry。

 I can't I'm stuck to the fucking friends okay you're gonna get that a lot。

 So what do you say in that case， okay some easy go tos or listen。

Just tell your friends you're running to the bathroom and just come with me over here or you know what。

 tell your friends you're just you're just gonna talk to me over here a bit and we'll be right back you know like just tell your friends you're too drunk know you drank a little too much text them like that's a gray one too if you're already isolated with a girl and you're about to bring her to the afterpart you can be like you know what with your friends just text them right now that you're tired and that you went home or that you drank a little too much and you're sorry you just left but you just can deal like you had to get out of there and you had to go home okay that is an easy one too okay or just saying you know what。

 we'll be right back okay we're just going the afterpart real fast， we'll be back in five minutes。

 we'll be back in 20 minutes your friends won't even know you were gone。Okay。

 so you take care of the friends that way。 Another one could be like， oh， let's go outside。 You know。

 to then take her to the after party。 she's like， I can't leave， you know。

 I can't leave because I can't get back in。 Okay， now you can give her those long， you know。

 solutions。 You know， for example， with the friends。 But you can also keep it a little short。

 You can be like， you know what， trust me， you can still get back in。 just like， trust me。 Okay。

 or you know what， trust me， you can get back in。 I know the owner。 I know all the promoters here。

 I know the owner， you're fucking good to go。 Okay， handling that objection that way。 If she's like。

 you know where。Where's the after party？It's just around the corner， don't even worry about it。

 it's around the corner， it's a block away。Okay， where where do you live around the corner as well。

 How are we getting there， we can just walk it， It's easy。 Okay。

 you basically soothe her objections that way。 Now， when you hear this， you know， it's obvious。

 you don't always know the owner to get her back in。 know。

 it's obvious you don't always have an afterparty going back at your place。

 It's obvious you don't always live a block away from where you met her。

 but you're still gonna say it because it's the most simple and efficient way of just handling that objection。

 Okay， come from the frame of mind of just saying whatever it fucking takes。 okay。

 say whatever takes to find the solutions to her objections。 That is your responsibility。 Now。

 in terms of how far should you push it， know because sometimes you know， you'll hear this。

 You're like， oh， but damn， that' that's pushing the limits。 I always ask myself two things。 Okay。

 I'm like listen。Am I sex worthy， yes or no， Okay， like would it make sense for me to throw on the bed and fuckcker if the answer is yes？

I'm good to go and I just assume that the girl knows what's up， I can say afterpart。

 I can say whatever the fuck， you know I want to say I can be like you know what I'm around the corner。

 but I assume that she just knows what's up and she will be okay with it just because the subcommunications are on point okay and the other thing that I ask myself is look。

 what's the worst that could happen。OkayIf I bring this girl out。 I'm like， look。

 you can get back in， I know the owner， what's the worst thing that could happen。 And she's like。

 wait a minute。 You know what I can't get back in or she's like， no。

 I can't do this and changes her mind。 Okay， maybe you know I'll just pay for entry back in。

 maybe she can just easily get back in because she's a fucking girl。 if she can't。

 you can also try to bribe the bouncers。 but if not。

 maybe your friends just have to come out and get maybe she just has to go home early that night。

 know do something a little bit more responsible if you're at a nightclub。

 it's not the end of the fucking world。 It's not like she's gonna die or explode or something just won't get back in the venue and again。

 girls most likely get back in。 What's the worst case if you bring her back and you're like afterpart and she arrives at your apartment。

 She's like wait a minute， where's the after party。

 You're like sorry thought knew it was in my bed I'm sorry thought it was clear in the subcommunications if she says that which is a side note has only happened once I pulled so many girls saying afterpart。

 It's only happened once the one like where's the after party。 in which case you can always。

Kind of flip it around on her。 You're like， well， what time is it。 Oh my God， it's， you know。

 you made us get here late。 Everyone already left。 Okay， or something like that。

 But say she does say that。 What's the worst that could happen。 Oh。

 she has to just go back to the venue。 She has to go home。 You can even pay for her cab ride home。

 Okay， it's not the end of the world。 So am I sexworth， Am I clear in the subcommunications。

 You know， is the emotional side of her brain。On and if the answer is yes。

 push it and just always ask yourself， you know what's the worst that could happen。

 And as long as it's not the end of the world。 fucking go for it。

 Some other things you can mix in there， you know to take the pressure off。

 because if you're going up and you're just like afterpart adventure afterpart adventure it's around the corner。

 don't worry， I know the owner text your friends after party adventure and that is all that you do what are you doing pressure on pressure on pressure on pressure on the girls like oh my fucking God okay she can't relate to it the same as you with interview mode if you're just like interview mode question。

 interview mode question interview mode question， interview mode question。

 it's now this interrogation so you are gonna want to take the pressure off So some other things I might do know in between saying like afterpart adventure or giving her。

 know these solutions to objections would be adding some humor might be like you know what let's go she's like I don't know if it's a good idea。

 I'm like y but that's what makes it better look it'll be fun add some fun the better part。

Part the fun party is over here。 Okay， like you're going to this upgrade。 It's not like after party。

 this serious ordeal。 It's like， come on。 after party， it's all good。 Okay， it's all good。

 I might take the pressure off saying listen， You don't have if don't want to。

 I think that we just really get along。 Don't you agree。 don't we get along。

 Like it'd be cool to just talk。 know like nothing's gonna happen there。

 I'm just know friends with a guy who's throwing the party。 You know， just be cool to talk。

 I don't even know any of the other people there。 I'm just gonna be alone，'d be cool to have you。

 know since we get along。 know， I'm not gonna sleep with you that's you're worried about。

 it's not like I'm dragging you miles away。 it's around the corner。 it's right there。

 something like that。 I might do a little push here and there look Why do you hate me then what do you hate me。

 I'll be sad。 I'll be sad like fine， go back to your little boring life otherwise。 Okay。

 and then ultimately what I do is I just and repeat the whole process。 Okay going Im like afterpart。

 Let's go look， you don't have to if you don't want to adventure。 Look it'll be fun。 upgrade， okay。

 upgrade。😊，This party here， this is like the 1969 party， welcome to the 200 fucking 14 party okay。

 let's go adventure， you don't have to look， admit we get along right， we get along right， adventure。

 look it's an after party it's around the corner， I only know the guy there you know。

It's just gonna suck otherwise。 It'd be cool to talk to you。 You can just like walk me there。

 Just walk me there。 We'll be back in five minutes。 Your friends won't even know you're gone。 Look。

 don't even worry about getting back in。 Okay， it's fine。 I know the owner。

 you just have to give him your name， you can just walk back in， just text your friends right now。

 just tell your friends are going to the bathroom。 Just walk me out。 Just walk me out。

 Just walk me there， say hi， just spend five minutes， just 20 minutes。 adventure after party， look。

 it's fun adventure after party adventure after party， let's go。

 let's go lead lead and you just keep on doing that。 and what's cool about the whole washs repeat。

 Okay and be persistent with this。 gone to the head。 If you don't fuck this girl。 your family dies。

 is that the more you just keep hammering after party。 know and you just repeat the whole process。

 you on one hand， wear her down。 bad as that sounds。 And on the other hand。

 you basically make it into a more realistic option。 For example， if a friend comes up to you。

 He's like， listen， man， you know what， we should go to Vegas。😊，Let's do it。

 Let's fucking go to Vegas and let's party it up。 Now， you might be like fuck yeah， dude。

 Let's fucking do it this。 shit That sounds awesome。 but deep down inside。

 are you really viewing it as something that could really happen。 I mean。

 maybe but you're not gonna think twice。 You're not gonna be thinking the next day， you know what。

 let's do Vegas and looking up all the little details。 You'd be like， sure， let's do this。 you know。

 if it happens。 if it doesn't happen， it's kind of fine。 You know， it's like a girl。

 you're like after party。 She might be like， oh， sure。

 I guess but she's not viewing it as that realistic， you know， option。

 Now what happens if the friend comes up to you the next day。 he's like listen， man。

 I looked up flights to Vegas。 and I found these cheap flights right here。

 suddenly there's a little bit more context to it。 you could be like， you what。

 it's around the corner。 It's awesome， we'll be back in five minutes， a little bit more context。

 And because you know， he wash rinsed， repeat。 the process， now you start thinking of it again。

 You're like it's a little bit more real now。 I guess this could happen。

 You know the flights are affordable。I guess this could happen。 But yeah， still， you know， whatever。

 that sounds good。 And say the next day he does the same thing is like， look， I looked up hotels。

 here are the hotel details。 Okay， we got the flights， I got the dates， we got the hotels。

 Everything is just set up。 Let's fucking do this。 You don't even have to worry about anything。

 Let's do this。 You might be like， well。You know what？

Fuck it let's do this all the details are there I know more about it it's now real okay。

 it's not very fucking real in my mind。 he took all the responsibility he did everything for me。

Fuck it okay， and that's what you want to do with the girl instead of just being like after party。

Okay， you just wash and repeat after party adventure， you don't have to if you don't want to。

 why do you hate me let's go， let's go go back to your boy in life。

 you've never done something like this。Lead， it's all taken care of。 It's around the corner，6。

 your friends， you're running around。 you have to talk me over there Trust me you can still get back in。

 back back。I know the owner， you can get back in， I know the owner you can get back in adventure。忘掉了。

It's obvious you can do what you want I really don't care I do think you're fun though if you want to talk like come on the other because I otherwise have to go or stay with this I was walking to my friendss and over there over after party you should come。

Two lights like around the pavilion， like above it。

It's like one of those ways just meeting me at pavilion。あね。

Come down's tell me just going to the bathroom， run outside。And go。Adventure。

You started your last nights in LA， are you really to spend it stuck up like in a gay bar？大どで。

I'm going to go either the way， I'm not trying to push you。

 I'm just saying but if I were you I'd go for it it's all like I'm pulling you're like in the dark side of LA like come 30 minutes away from here it's like right there。

 come down， just goes here in the bathroom， walk outside。Run by， maybe there and we'll go。you go。

Maybe 없는데 bye。Have fun with your boring life，ylie a boring Julian Bernardo， I bet。对位怎不样。

Do now say back home come out。Ca水。Yeah。I'm not trying okay I won't try to do anything。

 but admit we get along， we get along clearly come。

I'm going to be alone otherwise like I only know the guy。How you live in a year now， Switzerland。

我真的吧ご there。here moved here a year ago， using electronic。What did do。

Come bathroomathroom adventure blockway， if you change your mind， run back。I don't know about that。

I'll be sad。Okay， no it I'm sorry， I'm not trying to push it' like okay， it's very simple。

 it's like adventure this or even adventure walk there and then just send back it your friends will still be here get back in by that time it'll be closing anyway。

Gray。Do it， go into the bathroom， come。I'll give you my jacket。Now go now， go now。

 you have to go to the bathroom bathroom now I'm gonna go otherwise I have to go now。

 I know it's a bad idea， but everything about love is born from I'm trying to make a line about about ideas。

 It's born about bad ideas。Do it bathroom come out now。

 go if not run back they'll be leaving or they'll still be in but they'll be closing anyway you have nothing loose it's either going to stand here talking them until the closes or you'll walk over there and walk back to the closes come on。

Otherwise， I'm leaving。As friends， as BFs。Do it， I have to go to the bathroom。Adventure。

 it's your last time in LA， you've never done something like this， do it。女是在。Now。

Whered you come from just now heaven？这样俩来一个。See。love， well you ultimately want to reach。

 you know when doing this is a you have nothing to lose type of scenario， okay it's like look。

You can fuck me。Or not fuck me。The outcome is the same。 You have nothing to lose。

 No one is going to judge you。 No one is going to be like， you know what that girls a slut。

 You're not gonna to lose any social value。 It's the same。 Okay， fuck me or not fuck me。

 Nothing to lose。 And guess what， Because girls are bored and girls love sex。

 They will always opt to fucking you。 Okay， that is how you do it。

 You ultimately give her those logical excuses to emotionally do what she wants to do。

 You take care of all of her objections to the point where it's like， look。

I've solved all the objections。 You have nothing to lose。 Okay and you know。

 you'll be approaching the end when girls come up with like random objections like， oh， but it's。

 it's cold。 you know， even if they're already standing outside， you're like， look。

 I'll give you my fucking jacket。 Let's go。 And when you reach that， you have nothing to lose。

 and you lead。 it's like let's fucking go。 you're the one doing it。

 that's when you make things happen。 Another thing you're gonna want to be doing。

 you know and taking the responsibility off of the girl is creating a sense of urgency。

 and this is important as well。 if you just go up and you're like， you know what。

 afterparty adventure， it's around the corner， you don't have to worry your friends won't know let's fucking go。

 it's good。 like you are finding the solutions to objections。

 You know you're giving her those logical excuses to follow her emotions。

 but there's nothing that really makes it happen now。 she'll agree with you。

 but you have to make it fucking happen this second。 so leading will help with that。

 if you're like let's go like physically dragging her。 but you can。what you say as well。

 So when I'm like， you know whats after party， let's go， I'm going to throw in the word now okay。

 you know what after party now。B and I will order and command now。 now， Okay， listen。

 you don't have to if you don't want to。 But let's go now。 Okay， we get along right after party。 now。

 adventure。 now， let's go now， this second， now， this second now， Okay。

 I'm gonna hammer that shit in。 I'll also do like， you know whats after party because otherwise have to go。

A， it has to happen now。 Okay， so keep that in mind。

 Take the responsibility off of the girl and create a sense of urgency。 real。

 never We have in common ap What do we have in common。 What connection。 I'll hide massive shoulders。

 She won't see get out of。 That's she Okay real professor my real gone。

 give a real kiss red redemption。 It's like a video game redemption Are you gonna cheat on a shit kiss's a。

 am I You cheat。 You already cheat fiance a shitty kiss。 I that really what you want。

Two minutes guys can I hug you I hug you hug minutes。你 two minutes。 okay， kiss me。No肉 no肉。No。

She can't see my friends talking to her。So this pretty much covers。

 you know like aligning the emotional side of her brain with the logical side of her brain。

 you know like soothing that socially conditioned way of thinking。

 but there are some other factors that you have to take into account when pulling her as well the first being baby steppingping the pole okay so when pulling a girl always be aware of how much compliance you're asking from her okay if I'm talking to a girl for example and say I'm in a nightclub I'm like look afterpart it's gonna be awesome。

 let's go all the way back to my place over there， what am I asking from her shit loads of compliance I'm like。

 look， comply to leaving here and going all the way back to my apartment。Okay， now。

 some girls will comply to that， especially if they've invested a lot beforehand。

 but some other girls， no matter how much you talk to them。

 no matter how much time you spend with them， it's still not enough investment。 Okay， remember。

 a girl's level of compliance is always going to be proportionate to her level of investment。

 And if she hasn't invested， no matter how sexworth you are。

 she's not gonna be willing to comply to that。 Okay， so how do you you find a solution to this。

 you baby step it。 Okay， instead of being like， you know what。

 come from here all the way back to my place， you just think， how can I get her one step closer。

 Okay， instead of all of this compliance， It's just this much compliance。 And then just this much。

 And then there's this much and so on and so forth。 Okay， and this is very。

 very important when pulling the girl baby step， the fucking pull。 Okay， so if I'm like。

 you know what。After party。 I'm gonna pull this fucking girl。 I might suggest after party。

 especially if I'm like trying to screen， you know for the logistics， you know。

 determine what her situation is。 I might even try just for the big bounce at first。 You know， like。

 try for the easiest， most efficient way。 But if she says no， I'm gonna baby step it。

 I' gonna be like， okay， how can I get her one step closer。 You know what。

 let's go for let's go for water towards the bar。 Okay， one step closer。 Let's go for some water。

 boomom， grab a glass of water at the bar。 You know what， let's go to the outside area。

 You know what's a little loud in here。 Let's talk outside or you know what。

 let's let's meet my friend， my friends outside the club。 Let's just go say hi to him。

Outside the club now once we're outside， you know what there's a food place just around the corner。

 let's go grab some food real fast， let's grab some food。Go to the food place。 You know what。

 There's this awesome afterpart。 Let's go to the afterpart。 Bo。 Then you're in the apartment。 Okay。

 you know what， there's this awesome video。 I want to share you in my computer， and it's on my bed。

 boom to the room and fuck her。 Okay， so it's all of these little baby steps。

 And ultimately keep this in mind。 every single time a girl says no， I there a way to baby step it。

 is the problem the compliance。 if the answer is yes， baby step it。 So if you're pulling。

 do the little bounces。 even if you want to say bring a girl and introduce her to your friends。

 she's like， no， baby step it。 be like， you know what， Just stand up real fast。 Okay， oh actually。

 just move over here with fast。 Okay， actually say hi to my friends。 Okay。

 there's a much higher chance of that working， then oh， come say hi to my friends directly。 Okay。

 if she hasn't invested。 So baby step the fucking pull。 Do this is well， Basically。

 every step that she takes。😊，Is another form of investment Okay she's like one step closer。

 one step closer and she'll ultimately reach that point of no return where she's like， look。

 I've already gone this far。 let's go all the way， she'll get lazy to like I don't want to go back to ground zero no one really wants to go back to ground zero so she'll more likely go all the way to the afterpart if you suggest an afterpart in the club and you're like。

 let's go know she might say yes， but if you suggest it halfway there。

 you know at this after hour diner， the chances are much higher。

 So to link this back to taking the responsibility off of the girl and finding solutions to her objections。

 ultimately if you can't go for the big bounce aka from the place you met her to the sex location and this could be your apartment。

 your car， a dark alley the sex location is wherever you can fuck her what do you do。

 you apply those same principles on a much smaller scale。

 instead of thinking oh my god what do I say to give her the logical excuses to bounce her from here。

The way back to my apartments， baby step it just be like， you know what。

 what can I say to just get her one step closer and say whatever it fucking takes if you're there say in a nightcl。

 you're like， okay what's one step closer。 Just get her outside get her fucking outside the nightcl listen。

 let's go outside Oh no my friends I can't leave my friends listen we'll be right back my friends waiting outside。

 I just want to say hi， you have to meet my friend let's just go outside come on it's too loud。

 let's just go talk outside adventure。Okay there you have a situation where you're just trying to get her outside。

 she has her objections。 you find the solutions Now you get her outside。

 Now your friends's probably not outside。 okay you might have made that up in which case that's fine because guess what now that you're outside there's a new situation where she'll have new objections and there are new solutions to find to those objections okay but now she's went one step closer she's invested a little bit more and what do you do then let's go another step closer another step and another step till you get to the sex location okay so that is baby steppingping the poll and when doing that ultimately you want to master the art of changing your mind okay I call this fuck that let's do this instead So Sam with the girl and I'm like you know what let's get her outside the club let's just get her one step closer now I can go all out I can be like listen baby there's this awesome afterpart my friends has texted me all of the major dJs in the world are going to be there。

The biggest party of the century。 It's the shit。 It's a block away。 Let's fucking go。 Okay， now。

 if I say that， I lead， she'll feel more inclined to go along because guess what it's not sex。

 It's the fucking biggest party in the world。 Now， I get her outside the club saying that。

 I could even get her in a taxi saying that。 And then what do I do once we're in the taxi。

 I change my mind。 Fuck that， Let's do this instead。 I'm like， you know what。Fuck that afterpart。

 Let's go to my apartment instead。 And you just change your mind。 And because she's invested。

 she's already on the way， she'll be more inclined to go with you back to the apartments back to wherever you want to bring her。

 Okay， change your fucking mind。 You can be in the cab like oh， my friend just texted me。

 turns out the after party's over。 Oh no， Well， let's go to my apartment instead。 oh， you know what。

 let's go for food。 Let's go for food。 Let's go to this after hourss diner， get in the cab。

 You know what， fuck the diner。 I have food back at my apartment。 Okay。

 and you change your fucking mind。 F that， let's do this instead。 Now say you do the diner move。

 And you're like， listen， let's skip the diner， go to my apartment。 if she says no。

 you could also interpret that as no meaning not yet。 A， she has to invest a little bit more。

 in that case， go to the diner。 Okay， you're still one step closer and try again later。

 So keep this in mind when baby stepping。 F that。 let's do this instead。 You can text we can pick up。

 can grab the grab the。Come back here， pick her up， go to the after party。Okay， after you。

We're going like two streets over if you want man。 It's like what the fuck homeless over Okay。

 next to Roosevelt。 this like the left No Roosevelt。

 and then you're gonna go right Roosevelt Roosevelt。 it back girl。

 I just want to say the after next to Roosevelt。 Okay， fine。 We'll go to here after party。

 You're not that bad as a person。😊，As a girlfriend， girlfriend。No I don't see。就放了什么。

ers not now bear in mind that once you start you embarking on this little pulling journey。

 you know you start taking the responsibility off of the girl， you start leading。

 you start giving her those bits and pieces that she can take and rationalize why it's okay going home with you。

 you start finding these solutions to her objections you create a sense of urgency。

 you babystep the pole and you master the art of changing your mind don't take any breaks okay you have to be ready to go all out because once you start you're like afterparty let's go and she starts know complying。

 she starts going a little bit further， a little bit further if suddenly you just stop and say you go to the bathroom for example like oh shit I go out a pee and then you come back you lose a lot of the momentum that you built and you give her time to ultimately feel a little bit remorseful She's like。

 oh I guess I am kind of putting myself on the line I guess I am potentially seeing mean you know like。

let's not do this Okay， so once you're like I'm going for the poll。

 stick on it till your dick is inside her Okay， go piss beforehand say goodbye to your friends。

 you know， get everything ready and then。Start building things from there。

 So this really covers everything you need to know in terms of pulling her。

 okay like all of the concepts at play are here， but don't psych yourself out。 Okay， don't be like。

 oh my god now I need to learn all of the little solutions to her objections。

 it's all complicated Oh my god it's like no okay usually all you have to do is just say give your hand let's go just like a little nudge that way。

 You know it's like come on。And you're good to go。 okay especially if you've had enough time to really structure the interaction properly。

 you know where you go in man to woman sexworth from the start， you qualified the girl。

 you kind of suggested afterpart。 you know， baiting her for the logistics。

 you know exactly what you're dealing with。 You place yourself in a position of authority。

 you shouldn't encounter that much resistance。 if you have enough time to play it safe。

 a lot of polls should just be like one or two objections。

 and then it really just looks like you two are just being pulled together。

 it's not just you going let's go let's go， let's go a lot of the time it's like， well。

 looks like we're going。 it's just assumed that way。

 Okay but you do want to start mastering this skill of ultimately pulling the girl。

 because it's not always that smooth， especially if sometimes you're short on time。

 like you talk to the girl and you have like 10 minutes to pull her。

 You're not gonna be able to really qualify her， for example。

 as much as you should Okay so you do have to master this。 Some polls。Very messy。

 and ultimately just embrace that。 And also keep in mind that although this is a skill that you want to master。

 this isn't the solution。 Okay， you do have to be sexworth in the first place。 Okay ultimately。

 what is pulling what is dealing with the logistics， it's facilitating okay the transition into sex。

 But in order to facilitate that transition， she does have to want to have sex with you in the first place。

 Okay if you're watching this， you can't bypass being naturally attractive。 Okay， you can't be like。

 you know what， I'm just gonna learn how to deal with the logistics。 Okay that doesn't work。

 the foundation of it all is being sexworth and the logistics and pulling is。You know。

 making her feel comfortable doing what she originally wants to do。

