# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：19、C计划收号_(高清版)【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， if you can't pull her or go with her。 plan A or plan B and trust me， this will happen as well。

 Okay， sometimes the logistics will just not allow anything to go down。 know。

 if we take that girl with the drunk roommate， for example， she could be like， listen。

 I can't go with you。 okay I can't go along with plan A， my roommate is drunk。

 I'm just stuck with her。 know I'm the designated driver， but plan Bs not gonna happen either。

 okay there's no room in the car here， my roommates。

 you know already throwing up pull over the seats， it's just not going to go down。

 okay now of course， push it as far as you can， Gu to the head。

 if you don't fuck her your family does， but as soon as you know， it's just not going to happen。

 okay， no matter how many little logical excuses you give her instead of just barreling through and burning it to the ground in a very unproductive way。

 opt for plan C， which is get her number。 you can always get her phone number。

 See her sometime in the future where the logistics are a little bit better and make something happen。

 then okay。the number is not your main goal。 okay keep that in mind。

 always go for plan A and plan B first。 And if that doesn't work out。

 the number is the backup of the backup and that's really how you should view it like a phone number isn't some little stepping stone you know to help you achieve sex you know some guys will be talking to girls and they'll be like well with this girl here you know she's a little class here know she's a little more beautiful or she's just not that type of girl and with her in order to sleep with her。

 you know I need to ask for the phone number first。

 you know it's like a little stepping stone or with her。

 I need the phone number to then sleep with her on like a date because you know she's just not that type of girl wrong always aim for sex。

 the phone number is just the backup of the fucking backup never aim for the phone number funny enough as well when you're trying to go for plan A or plan B aka sex it's sometimes best that you don't get the phone number beforehand because if you get it and then you're like well。

 let's go。To the after party。You know the girl doesn't have as much you know motivation or leverage if you will to go with you because she could be like。

 well， I can go to the after party and fuck this guy or I could not go to the after party and I could still see him because now you know we have our numbers if you don't give her the number。

 she's like well， I can go to the after party and fuck this guy but if I don't。

Allll risk never seen him ever again。 Okay， so the number is never your main goal。

 And a number two isn't like this little nugget of validation。 You know where you're like， oh。

 I got a phone number。 Yeah， okay， fuck that a number is ultimately a bridge know to the second part of the interaction。

 which is now split okay because that's where you're doing you're trying to go all the way through to sex。

 And when you can't you split that interaction in two okay， there's the first part up to the number。

 the number is the little bridge。 and then there's the second part okay which you'll basically planned sometime in the future with better logistics where you can ultimately go to the end zone。

 Now the most common scenario or situation， you're going to find yourself in going for plan C。 Okay。

 going for the phone number is going to be during the first part of the night。 Okay。

 remember during that time， the girls download bar or buying temperature is still very low。

 she just arrived in the venue， she's not ready to get fuck yet。 okay's like， look， I just got。

Here I can't fucking leave you know I want to experience that emotional buildup first and plan A no。

 no， no， no， no plan B， no， no， no no， no， so what do you have plan C okay now of course it can happen that during that time you'll meet that one girl where you know there's like the high buying temperature and you can just fucking pull but most of the time you're just gonna to be going for plan C okay so during the first part of the night。

 I'm always getting a shit load of fucking numbers okay I call it building leads so instead of just going out you know and during that first part of the night you just focus on building that massive reservoir a fun abundance。

 you know growing into the four pillars of sexworthiness being purposeful controlled flowing selfamused know and then later on you commit to a girl you try to make something happen with plan A or plan B when the download bars are much higher okay if on top of all of that during that first part you start asking for the phone number of every girl that you talk to you know building those leads at the end of the night。

Say if something just doesn't happen， you know you try for plan A doesn't work， you try for plan B。

 it doesn't work and you're just like well fuck now you have all these girls you can basically text that you can call that you can make something happen with okay you didn't let those interactions go to waste okay now of course no interaction is truly ever going to go to waste okay every time you take action you're gonna。

You know， learn something you're gonna grow into your own。

 But if you get the numbers now you can make something happen the same with the next day。

 the next day you can still text them， you can still call them。

 you can still try to make something happen and don't use it as an excuse just because they're down the bar was low。

 know if you really like the girl like just not to pull。

 It's like get the number and now the opportunity like is still there the door is still fucking open So during that first half build leads。

 that is where you're gonna be getting the most full numbers。

 now it can still happen in the second half。 sometimes you'll be talking to a girl and maybe it's a girl you just don't want to commit to You're like you know what。

 this girl's hotness does not justify the logistics。 Okay because that'll happen as well。

 you might be talking to a very attractive girl with horrible logistics。

 like just you knowm with all these friends I'm the designated driver and you're like oh man。

 you know what。There's probably other Hawkg girls here with easier logistics that I might want to commit to instead and in that case you can go for plan C。

 but in general， the most numbers you're gonna to get is going to be during that first part of the night So the first thing you're gonna want to be doing when getting the phone number is making sure that you're just very clear in your intentions just very clear in terms of why you're getting the phone number and that is of course to see her again it's like look I'm getting the phone number to fucking see you again and you better make sure that she knows that is well because for a girl a phone number isn't really that big of a deal they will give their phone number out pretty much to everyone and a lot of times they just give it out to get rid of the person to reward them and just be very polite I see this all the time guys go up they start talking you might even be like the drunk guy at the bar just yelling stories to everyone he goes up he's like hey young lady and he just won't fucking leave how does she get rid of him you know what here here's my number he's like the number thank you。

Have a great night， man and just walks off and she'll never see that guy again ever okay or she'll do it。

 you know if the guys just putting in a lot of effort。

 she's like you know what this guy's so nice he's so sweet like a little dog look at him trying so hard I don't want to make him feel bad I don't want to be mean you so to reward him here's my phone number here's the little treat Doggy run along run along you do not want that you're like look I'm getting your phone number because I can't follow plan A or plan B right now I can't fuck you so I'm getting the phone number and I'm getting the phone number to see you again so I can follow plan A or plan B then so I can fuck you then make sure that she knows be very clear in that and be just full on unapologetic just in the vibe it's like look what's your phone number don't be like can I have your phone number please just boom just very very clear now if you have trouble doing this at first because it can be pretty scary like if you're not used to getting the phone number'll be going up and talking to girls and you're like man now it's。

To ask for the number can I have your number and it's like this little lull in the interaction if you're not used to doing it for a certain amount of time or a certain period of time。

 make it a habit of just asking every single girl for their phone number no matter what as a general rule。

 just tell yourself that if an interaction last longer than say two or three minutes。

 you're gonna be asking for that fucking number now that doesn't mean ask for the number two to three minutes in don't go up to the girl like oh。

 it's two minutes now， what's your phone number try to go as far as you can go but if it's longer than two or three minutes before you leave。

 make it a habit of asking for the fucking number even if you think you're not gonna get it because sometimes you just never know like the girl who's like you know what I guess so you're like can have your number sure and then the nicest girls like what the fuck how dare you ask me for my number you never know until you start asking a lot of girls for their fucking phone number and you start getting a grasp of that。

ymic there。 Okay， so make that rule。 Okay， like any interaction 2，3 minutes in。

 if it's longer than that， ask for the fucking number。 and ultimately。

 you just want to make it a habit。 Okay， you're not even thinking about the number anymore。

 It's just something that you do。 It's part of who you are。 Every girl you're like。 So anyway。

 what's your number。 And it's just completely casual。 It's not a big deal。 It's all like number time。

 It's just。Wsh and as a side note， when doing this also make it a habit of organizing the numbers in your phone because you're gonna be getting a lot of numbers if every single interaction that's longer than two or three minutes are can have your number。

 you're gonna be getting a ton and it's tough to always remember all the numbers you got for example that night out So organize them what I usually tend to do is I'll put the letter a in front of their name'm like a Chelsea a Julie a Sandra so I have them say at the end of the night when the download bars are higher or the next day and then once you're at home。

 you can like organize them a lot more in detail but it's a general rule， put the letter a in front。

 find a way to organize those numbers， you can easily just go back to them Now if you cant remember the girl's name because this will happen to you're like shit I don't remember her name an easy way to get it from her is just flip it around on her You're like by the way what's my name Do remember my name and she'll be like not really because everyone fucking forgets names in that case you can be like。

what mean neither what was your name already， She's like， oh， Sandra， Julian。

 nice to meet you anyway， what's your number。Okay， now you have her name Now sometimes the girls will remember your name。

 they're like， well， it's Julian， you don't remember mine and you're like okay。

 like don't freak out if that happens， just don't make it into a big deal。

 just be like you know what？I remember everything about you then your name sorry I'm just horrible with names。

 I do this with everyone okay， especially when meeting someone。

 the last thing I'm really concerned about is their name。

 you know I'm just getting a sense of their vibe okay just keep it very casual that way and you know you can even use it as a little challenge like you just look at them with that little you know twinkle just like。

What you gonna do。 I don't fucking remember your name， How does it feel？

 The next thing you're gonna want to be doing， you know。

 when getting the phone number is setting up and determining the logistics for the second half of the interaction。

 Okay remember when you get the number， you split the interaction in two。

 It's no longer open all the way to sex。 it's open number， little bridge。

 second part sex and the more you do in person， the less you have to do on the phone and trust me。

 it's a lot easier to do this in person， Okay ultimately you want to be minimizing all of the work that you have to do on the phone Okay so when I'm asking for the number。

 I'm going to be saying things along the lines of when are we hanging out， you know what。

 hang out with me later tonight， hang out with me tomorrow I'm going be talking about that second part of the interaction then and there and how we're ultimately going to make that happen Okay so I don't have to do it on the fucking phone。

I'll never give you anything。 Oh Are you gonna cry。 How does it make you feel， No， no。

 I don't cry No， what are you， Well， what are you doing tonight， Phone number， first name， last name。

 Well I'll text you later， Try to come to live， If not， hang out for you tomorrow。

 What are you doing tomorrow。I don't know really everything。 You can be my tour guide。 Well。

 you're not even from here。 We can be tourists together， walk around Miami because I'm new as well。

So if it's a girl I met in the first part of the night。

 when is the next available opening or opportunity for me to pursue plan A or plan B the end of the night okay when we're download bar is higher so what am I going do when I get the phone number I'm gonna be like listen you probably have to go back to your friends I have to go back to my friends you know we're both building our little you know emotional movies here you know we don't want to spend the next four hours just talking to each other you know how boring is that now of course don't say all that to the girl just be look you have to go back to your friends I have to go back to mine let's hang out later what is your phone number。

Okay， that's it。 Let's hang out later。 What's your phone number。 You know what。

 Have a drink with me later。 You don't have to go back to my friends。

 What's your phone number or you know what， let's grab some food later。

 What are you doing later tonight。 I'm gonna be talking about the second part of that interaction later that night。

 and then we're gonna discuss the logistics if it's possible yes or no。

 but I want to plant that fucking seed in person。 Now if she can't later that night or you're talking to a girl and it's already later that night。

 when is the next available opening or opportunity the next day。 So you can be like， you know what。

 hang out me tomorrow then what are you doing tomorrow。

 my personal go to if I'm like going to see her the next day is have coffee with me tomorrow what are you doing tomorrow。

 let's hang out let's have coffee Now as we've already discussed。 introducing coffee the next day。

 know a more down to earth a little bit more of a real setting really helps cement yourself in her reality。

 It's like look， I'm not just some fun little emotion I'm not little fun time in the venue。

Actually a real person and it also reinforces that you're getting the number to see her again because you're like look。

 I'm not just getting the number to get the number。 it's not some little treat for a dog。

 it's on getting the number so we can what have coffee tomorrow and I'll even introduce this if I'm busy the next day you can always change your mind。

 You can be like you know what， have coffee with me tomorrow and then the next day you just text her listen。

 I can't make it for coffee， what are you doing tonight so that is my go to I highly recommend that you do this as well have coffee with me tomorrow now once you introduce this she's gonna come up with oh I might be busy tomorrow I don't know if I can or she'll be like sure okay and then the more you discuss the details the better okay so if I'm like you know what。

 have coffee with me tomorrow， what are you doing tomorrow afternoon she's like nothing really okay let's meet up when are we hanging out When can you meet up。

 can you do like 4 pm can you 5 pm and the more detailed the better okay now don't do it so much to the point where you become very needy and insistent。

Like tell me the detail， tell me the detail okay like it's okay to knock how massively in detail to keep it vague。

 but ultimately you want to hammer on enough so that it becomes again this realistic option it's not like you know what let's have coffee tomorrow because girls will be polite they'll be like sure and then you're like okay are are you free tomorrow afternoon what are you doing tomorrow afternoon then they'll be like oh I'm actually working you'll see this or if they're free you like okay're hanging out at this Starbucks at this intersection can you do that I guess so realistic option now she's actually thinking of it now she can't do coffee the next day that's fine but find out what the logistics are okay you're working tomorrow what are you doing tomorrow night what are you doing the day after that when are you free the more you can do in person the better。

Have a copy of me。Next year Roll， Chas。Com么。Are you serious about coffee in art？What's my name。

A17901。You added a three， I don't know where that came from。And your name was。

 I remember faces I have suck with things and I'm actually serious you if you can tomorrow。

Either a coffee or。I have plans for our night， but early evening races。Whatever area do you live in？

Near Ha Island，And I really can't stress just how important it is okay when setting up and determining the logistics for that second part of the interaction to make it happen as soon as possible okay realize that once you decide to split the interaction into with the phone number being the bridge in the middle the longer you take in between the more likely it is that she's going to flake and the more likely it is that you're not ever going to see her again you want to make the bridge is smallest possible it's like you want to make it happen fast So if I'm talking to a girl I'm like okay I'm going introduce right now the second part I'm going go for the number。

 when is the next available opportunity for me to see her again if it's early in the night the next available opportunity is later that night if it's later that night the next available opportunity is the next day if she can't let her that night。

 the next day if can the next day when is the next time I can fucking see her make it happen fast don't just take your time or plan something like a week from now what you have to realize is the。

arere getting hit on all the fucking time。 Okay， they're not like you。 Okay。

 when they walk down the street， everyone's staring at them。 okay。

 especially if they're extremely hot， a lot of guys are going up talking to them。

 A lot of guys are asking for their fucking number okay if you see like a girls Facebook it's like all these guys if you're on fucking Tider。

 all these guys okay you want to make something happen fast while you're still in her fucking mind the longer you wait。

 the more you're just gonna。😡，Disappear all of that investment。

 you know that she's putting the interaction gone okay all of the qualification that you've done gone okay all of that togetherness gone So try to make it happen as soon as possible。

 The third thing you're going want to be doing and this is going to massively help in terms of reducing know the likelihood of her flaking on you or never seen you again on top of making the bridge in between as small as fucking possible is amping up the investment and amping up the qualification so for example。

 when I'm asking a girl for a phone number I might be like you know what what are you doing tomorrow let's have coffee tomorrow。

 let's hang out okay and she might be like you know what， sure you know that sounds pretty cool。

 let's go for coffee tomorrow。 now to amp up the investment I might create some windows of investment here I might be like you know what do you really want to or you just saying that' like no no I really want to she invest a little bit more in the second part of the interaction and they'll be like。

 you know what， because you don't have to if you don't want to you can even do this when asking for the phone number Like what's your。

Let's hang out。 Okay， that sounds good。 Are you just saying that or do you really want to hang out。

 Okay， now make sure you don't come off as being insecure。 Okay。

 it's kind of like a little challenge in the way you say that。 It's like， do you really want to。

 you just say that。Okay don't be like， do you really want to Okay it's like that little selfamuse kind of challenging vibe because you don't have if you don't want to。

 you don't have to， you know， we could also just never see each other Like I give a fuck I'm in my little bubble of self- amusement Okay so you can kind of create those windows there she's like。

 you know what I want to I want to Okay when you get the number you're like say call me She's like why say it。

Call me。 Say it again。 convincingly。 Call me， Okay， When are we hanging out， tomorrow， Okay。

 ammpping up the investment that way。 And on top of that， also qualifying her some more。 It's like。

 you know what， I actually really like you。 Like I say stuff like that when I get the number。

 or like， you know what， I'm curious about you now。 Why are you curious。I'll tell you when I see you。

 Okay， something like that。 Or you know what I'm really glad I met you。 I'm excited to hang out。

 You know， there's this awesome coffee place is gonna be the shit。 Okay， so amp up the investment。

 amp up the qualification。 And lastly， be fucking discreet when getting the phone number。 similar to。

 last minute resistance， Just pulling the condom out like condom and make her feel like a slut。

 you know like selfconscious， don't do that with the phone。 Okay don't be like。

 so what's your phone number。 and just pull out the phone。 Okay be fucking disc。 Okay。

 even if the friends like you。 Okay， if you pull out the phone all the eyes。A now in this girl。

 Okay everyone is ultimately quote unquote judging her。 They're like oh， he asks for the number。

 let's see what she's gonna do。 I she gonna be a little bit more of a slut。

 is she gonna give her number out， Yes or no， and she's gonna feel that and sometimes will say no to you just because she doesn't want to feel judged she'd be like。

 oh， I can't do it because now everyone's staring And maybe there's like a guy in her social group who likes her。

 but she doesn't necessarily like him， but she likes to maintain that value。

's like oh if he sees me do it， he's not gonna like me anymore。

 he's going I'm a slu Oh my God oh my God， So hide it when you fucking get the number you very discreet about it because even if you do get it sometimes like oh。

 what's your phone number。 She's like， sure， here you go， as soon as you leave。

 the friends might be like oh so you gave that guy。

