# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：5、夜晚的节奏_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Those are the four pillars。 If you are off and your interactions are not going as well as they should。

 It's not always into little techniques。 like， oh， maybe I should have said。

 what's up instead of hello， okay， it's not that it's oftentimes in the vibe here and you can kind of monitor。

 am I purposeful enough， Am I controlled enough， Am I maybe too purposeful and not controlled enough。

 Am I flowing or am I very choppy， Am I self amused。

 Okay so that defines sexworthiness Now to get there is a whole other story。 Okay。

 so if we take an night out， And this is my process of again。

 like cultivating that sexworth vibe of kind growing into it。

There's basically a certain structure that I go by。

 so the first thing you need to realize when growing into the four pillars。Is that basically。

 it's not normal for like a regular human being who's like very logical during the day。 You know。

 say you work like 9 to 5， say you're a mathematician。 It's not normal for you to go out and just。

Be flowing and purposeful， being controlled， being self amused。

It's not normal to just easily make that transition from logical to social。 Okay。

 this isn't just in pickup。 This is everyone。 Girl as well。 If you guys go out tonight。

 So you go out at like 10，30 PM， you walk into a bar。 What's the vibe like， What are the people like。

 If you just look around。To get in their first very stifled。 They're usually kind of like like that。

 Theyre with a little social circle。 They're like， go， hey， maybe we should get some drinks。

 It's get some drinks。 No one's really dancing。 There might be like the one weird guy I was like。

Yeah， like the only guy on the dance floor。 it's a very different vibe than say at 3 AM。

 If you look around at 3 AM。 It's like crazy。 like drinks on the floor。

 Girl like taking their clothes off， like all this grinding on the dance floor。

 People are a lot more loud， a lot more obnoxious。 Okay， and there's a certain buildup that happens。

 Okay， there's a certain tempo， It's very different in the beginning， than the end。

 and everyone loosens up。 Okay， now， how do most people loosen up alcohol。

 Okay if you see guys go in， like your regular dude。 He finishes work。 He goes out。

 He has some drinks。 And then he just loosens up。 Now for a girl， it's very different。😊，Okay。

 for a girl， basically， it's a whole emotional buildup。 Okay， that's the night for her。

 It's this emotional buildup。 She goes out。 And she's like， you know what， I'm going out tonight。

 I want to have fun。 I want shit to happen。 I want my emotions to be tled with。

 I want an exciting night out。 And it's kind like this movie。 she goes out in the beginning。

 She's like， here we are。 It's the beginning of the night。 drinks。 Let's have drinks， Girl。

 and they go up。 Hey， you're so nice。 can you buy me a drink。 Yeah， drink。 Sure。

 thanks for the drinks。 drinks。 Okay， they start drinking。 they start loosening up。 Then it's like。

 you know what， dance more time。 They go dance。 They start building up the dancing The dancing。

 All the guys start looking It's like validation。 Yes， some guy comes and hits on them。 They're like。

 oh fuck off。 yeah， yeah， nice here's my number。 boom it's like more guys start hitting talk to a different guy。

 different guys like build up， buildup buildup。 More drinks。 Can we have another drink。 Oh thanks。

 man， You're a great friend Or her boom， another drink。 Okay， then they start dancing some more。

 And then at the end it's like you know what。 I'm ready for sex now。

 the beautiful finale to this amazing night out action。😊，nightight out。

 and then they will fuck someone where they'll just go home and， you know。

 masturbate or finger themselves。 All right， so that is a girl's night out。 Okay。

 realize that girls love sex。 Okay， if not more than men。But for them。

 sex is like the climax to that emotional buildup。 Okay。

 remember the old saying men are like a light switch。 Women are like a volume knob。 For men。

 we might see a hot girl。 We're like， hot like that， okay。😊，It's not like， hot。It's not like that。

 It take us an hour to get hard。 Okay， It's like fast for women， it's a lot more different。 Okay。

 for men we're relying on visual cues， women are relying on behavioral cues。

 And when they see a guy like， okay， is this guy attractive。

 they're gonna take a lot more time to kind screen the behavioral cues to see if you like slips up if he's like not that attractive because a lot of guys can fake it at first。

 if you take a complete loser。 You're like， hey， man， just act fucking confident。 go up to this girl。

 say bitch， you know you want it。 Okay， something like that。 The guys is gonna up like。

 bitch you know you want it。 But then once you say that， you're like， now what。

 and like the showed personality he and she's like， this guy's not cool。

 done Okay so takes a lot more time for the screen to see if a guy's hot or not。

 and she needs a lot more time for emotions to do what they need to do。 Okay。

 kind of compare it to a movie， Okay， it's like if you're watching a movie。

 say the ending of the movie is sex， Do you just want to jump to the ending of the movie。

 Do you just want to see the end。😊，No， okay， you want to see the end after you see the entire movie。

 Okay And for a girl， it's not like us where we're like， I hope we're gonna fucking see the ending。

 I hope we're gonna have sex。 She's a girl。 She knows she can have sex。 she's like， all these guys。

 you should just going up trying to buy her things， trying to buy a drink。 So like， please like us。

 Please like us。 She's like， Of course， I'm gonna see the ending。 It's all good。 Relax， little guy。

 Let my emotions。Go up。 Okay， so you should view like that as well。 Okay。

 start by just assuming like， you know what， if the interaction is going well， it's gonna happen。

 relaxla， don't fucking stress the process。 compareare it to sex。 Okay。

 if you're like fucking a girl， or you're like， man， I hope I'm gonna come。 I hope I'm gonna come。

 No， okay， you're like， of course， I'm gonna to come。😡，Okay， hopefully， unless you're like， damn it。

 I hope I'm gonna come。 I hope that last whisky didn't fuck me up， okay。

So that is the night for a girl。 And the way that I view it is as a download bar。 Okay。

 when girls go out， it's like， again， this emotional buildup where it's like the download bar is down here in the beginning of the night。

 And as the night progresses， it's like do do do do do dancing， do do do drinks。

 do do guys hitting on us dancing sex。 okay， once it's at the top。😊，Okay， not before。

so there is this buildup and it's very important to understand it in terms of how you go about your night。

Now， understanding this， okay we call this the tempo of the night。

 there are three parts to the night。Okay， and this is how I break it down。

 The first part is if the club closes at 2， it's going to be 10 PM to midnight 30。

Around that time here in Amsterdam， if clubs closes at 3，4，5， even 6。

 sometimes the first part is going to be from 10 PM to1，30 to，30， most likely around like 2 to 30。

Okay， that's the first part of the night。 During that part of the night。

 the download bar is very low。 and it's pretty rare you're going to fuck a girl。

 no matter how good your game is。 Okay， most girls like， listen， I really like you。

 but come see me at the end when I'm ready for sex。 It's just too early right now。 Okay， now。

 of course， it's always gonna be the one exception。 if thiss like， you know what。

 I'm already ready because I'm the sluts。 And then you can like fuck her But most girls are not going to fuck you in that first half。

Then there's the second part of the night， which is from either midnight 30 or 130 or 230 all the way to closing。

 and that's when the download bar is higher， that's when you can have like longer interactions just really stick to a girl。

 and then there's the third part， which is closing time till the morning after。And my focus。

 when I go out is very different depending on what part I find myself in。The first part。

I'm just focused on myself。 Okay， What I realized is like， look。

Because it's still early and the download bar of 99。9% of the girls is still very low。

 It's very rare。 I'm just gonna pull and fuck a girl in this first part of the night。

 even if my game is 10 out of 10， it's too boring for a girl to spend her whole night just talking to one guy。

 if the girl's like， look， tonight's gonna be my release。 It's gonna be awesome。

 she doesn't just want to go out and she walks in， and sometimes like， hey， what's up。

 Even if he's on point。 she's like be like， you know what。

 let's spend the next  four to 5 hours talking here in the nightclub。 No， okay。

 she might talk to you 1020， even sometimes 30 minutes， but that's as long as it goes。 Okay。

 she wants to go talk to a friend somewhere。 She wants to dance。

 She wants to have other guys hit on her。 She wants to validation。 Okay。

 so it's too early to ultimately pull， And in that case， the focus should be on you。

 It should be like， you know what， let's get myself， into that sex worthy zone。 Okay。

 let's go into the four pillars that are purposeful controlled， flowing selfammused。 Okay。

 and this is like the focus that should be like again， until midnight 30。1，30 or 2，30。 Okay。

 switching from a prevention based mindset， ultimately to a promotion based mindset。

Now what's the difference？Ultimately， most people when they go out。

 they're very prevention basis like they walk in the environment。 It's kind this this scary place。

 They're like looking around like， oh my God， everyone's out to give me。 Oh shit。 there's loud music。

 It's dark， holy fuck holy fuck。 I never go out to these intimidated venues。

 holy shit and they freak out and what happens。 They don't enjoy the moment for what it is。

're like wait can just fuck grow out the end of the night。

 it's fuck fuck fuck they're very like stiff and unnatural。

 they're like kind of looking around like paranoid bit。

 It's very forced and needy when they go to girls。 very contrived。

're trying to make people like them。 They're emotionally affected by everything that's happening。

 like could be loud music like some girl walks by justes you like shit。 touch me。

 Some guy might bump in you like oh fuck he's gonna kill me。

 You're stuck in your head and you're just feeling judged。

 that's most people in the beginning of the night。 This is in pickup and outside of pickup。

 Even your friends who don't know about the shit when they go out。 and it's early。

 You'll see them a little bit more stiff， a little bit more like。Okay， here we are。

 Let's make this shit happen。 No one really walks in like， I'm home。 No one's like， oh， daddy's home。

 Okay， like that's my reality Now。 I spend so much time in a club when I get there。

 I'm like back at home。 Okay， so that is a prevention based mindset where you're focusing on all the bad things that could happen。

 and it really stifles you。 and that's most people's defaults。 The transition that you want to make。

😊，It's transitioning from that to a promotion based mindset where you instead。

 you're enjoying yourself。 You're acting in the moment。 You're letting your personality flow out。

 Okay， you're not trying to monitor the way you come off to fit in。

 You're saying what's on your mind。 Okay， You're not like， oh is this good enough。 Well。

 the girl like me， You're detached from all the outcome and you're taking things as they come。

 You're just like very。😊，At ease， it is what it is。 It's all good。 Okay， you're present。

 And ultimately， you expect positive reactions。 And that's a big one。 Okay。

 it's like negative assumptions versus positive assumptions。

 And this here should be your new default。 and just making that switch is something that you can practice。

 it's like an emotional muscle that you build and say the more you go out， you start doing it。

 Like you're like， know what， fuck the girls in the beginning， let's just make the switch。

 the more you're gonna do it faster。 for most guys in the beginning。

 it takes some sometimes hours to reach that promotionbased mindset where sometimes they don't even reach it like the whole night shit。

 The more you do it， the faster you'll do it。 you'll also maintain it for longer。

 because the kid in the beginning， guys will go out， it's like， I make the switch。 I'm in the zone。

 And then they get like one rejection。 Theyre like。😊，They lose it all。

 And then they have to build back to it。 So you'll maintain it throughout the night。 And ultimately。

 you'll addict yourself to it to a point where it's like， you're out， bang， you're in the zone。 Okay。

 when I go out now， all I usually have to do is like。Kin ofm in the zone。Okay， now， not always。

 sometimes takes a little longer， but usually under 5 to 10 minutes， I'm there。 Okay。

 because I've done it so much。 I know what it emotional feels like and it's just default when。

 when I go out into a venue， my emotions are like， you know what， you， we are in the venue。

 S in in the zone。 That is what you want to focus on in the beginning of the night。😊，Now。

 making that transition。In the first part， I have four mantras， mantras that I go by。

 four things I just tell myself。The first one is there's nothing to win。 nothing to lose。

 That's the first thing I tell myself。 when I walk out， walk into a venue of my holy shit。

 Here we are。 beginning of the night。 Download Barslow。

 Let's grow into the fucking4 pillars of purposeful flowing， controlled itself self immused。😡。

Nothing to win nothing to lose。 I take all of the pressure off。 Okay， so many guys。 and they go out。

 They're like so stifled by this。 They're like， holy shit。 I got to do well。 The first approach。

 everything is in the first approach， Everything is the first impression。

 If people see me get rejected。 It's horrible。 I'm gonna to lose my state。

 I mustard up the courage to go here。 I don't want to lose it on that hard set。

 So're like walking around， they're looking for the easy opportunity。 Like where's the fat girl。

 Where's the fat girl， Where's the lone wolf， Where's the lone wolf there， boom。

 They take it way too seriously they're like， if I get rejected， fucking Amsterdam explodes。

 It's the end of the world， I should just go home and kill myself。 Oh my God， and it's like， no， no。

 no， no， no， Take the pressure off。 Okay， in order to get in the zone， You need to really。Relax。

 so it just arises and sneaks up on you。 Okay， so there's nothing to win， nothing to lose。

 if in the first part of the night。No girl or you know。

 a very low percentage of girls are going to fuck you。 And let's just say， fucking equals success。😡。

Then everything is rejection。That's how I view。 And the first part， no matter how good your game is。

 you're not going to fuck the girl。 so every girl is going to reject you。😡。

Even if an interaction goes well after like 20 minutes，' be like， well， I'm gonna go dance。

 It was really nice meeting you。 Come to me later。😊，You didn't fucker。 You just got rejected。

So if everything's rejection， it's all the same， it just is。And you can be like。

It doesn't matter what I do。 I'm not gonna to fuck this girl。😡。

You just take the fucking pressure off。 You let go of the outcome。 You focus on yourself。 Okay。

 that is the first mantra and fucking tell yourself this shit。

 If you're trying to make it work And the first part of the night， you are retarded。 Okay。

 you're burning like all the energy you have。 You're like going all out trying to the girls like。

 dude， it's early in the movie。 You're like the guy trying to fast forward。 It's like。

 do you want to see the end。 Do you want see She's like， dude， chill the fuck out。 Okay。

 let go of that little agenda， Let go trying to make something work。Relax， okay。

 relax and take your time。 And you'll see guys just like still scanning the environment。 Like。

 if I'm out with like a student I'm like， okay， dude。😊，We're gonna talk some girls now。

 I realize there's nothing to win nothing to lose。 guys like， okay。

 and you can just see him look like Where's girl like relax。

 He and you can just see it in his eyes like the fucking need。 he can't even talk to me。

 He's like must must talk to girls。 It's like， no， no， it's the end of the night。s like now。

 it's now it's like， relax。 Okay， and oftentimes， again， you just can't snap out of it。

 guys will go up to girls and just because the girls can sense the need like that leaching emotion。

 They're like fuck this。 You're done。 girls want to have fun。 They want to relax。

 They don't want someone like all tense going through like the pickup process It's like。

 I open and hook and like fuck that。 take the pressure off。

 And instead of viewing interactions as being like these separate little sets。

 view the whole night is being one big set。That's how I view。 I'm not like， oh。

 the first half is all rejection。 So my percentage of success rate is going go down and all that's like。

 no。The whole night is one big interaction where at the end， you either make it or you don't。

You either stick it in。Or you your hand does。 Okay， but ultimately， it's like。

It doesn't matter in the first half。 It's like， I'm just talking everyone， Hawk girls， ugly girls。

 I'm not monitoring how well I'm doing。 You don't know how well you're doing till the end of the night。

 Okay， and ultimately， this is where a lot of self amusement comes in。

 It's like you realize you're there for， you know， till from 10 to midnight，30 or in this case，1。

30 or 2，30 That's like almost 4 hours where nothing's gonna happen。It can get pretty fucking boring。

😡，O， and ultimately， you kind of self ause out of that boredom。 It's like there you are。

 You're talking to all these girls。 You know， you're not gonna fuck em yet。

 Sometimes you already get into the zone。 like 20 minutes in， you're like， I'm there。😡。

Three more hours to go。And they're like， hey， what's up， do like out of this sport。 you're like。

 you know what， How can I make this funny， How can I keep myself engaged。

 And then you start fucking around， You might get like fag girls attracted。

 trying to make them fight over you。 You might do all this crazy shit。 Okay。

 like that is where a lot of like self amusement comes into play。 It's for you。

 It's you gaming yourself to keep yourself engaged and kind of like， you know。

 survive through that first part of the night。 An easy little game that you can try out into something that I used to do quite a lot。

 It's something that I used to call sacrificing the lamb。Okay， now， what is that。

 It's all to me when I go out， Okay， the first interaction instead of like， again。

 I got to do well I got to do。 I'm like the first girl is the lamb that I'm going to sacrifice so that my night is amazing。

😊，And what does that mean。 I take off all the pressure。 I'm like。

 I don't care what happens to this girl。 I'm gonna go in。

 I'm gonna fuck around and she's either going to love me or she's going to run away。

 but I'm gonna keep on talking until she either loves me or walks away。

 I'll just go in and start saying all the shit。 It will be extremely uncalibrated oftentimes like。

 hey， and it goes like what the fuck is it' so early。 But I don't care。 I'm just like， do do do。

 And then even if she runs off。 It's the lamb is sacrificed。 But now my night's amazing。

 And you can always go back to her later and flip it around。 So don't fucking freak out。

 But that's like a little thing you can try。 sacrifice the lamb。

 find ways to take again all of that pressure off。 so you can like loosen up and realize it's not about like again succeeding。

 everything is rejection。 it all is the fucking same。 So that step one。 there's nothing to win。

 There's nothing to lose。😡，The second mantra is the more I do， the less the environment does to me。

The more I do， the less the environment does to me。

 you're either at the cause or you're at the effect。Okay。

 you either basically overwhelm the environment or the environment overwhelmedwhelms you。

 And if you're not doing anything， you will be overwhelmed。 Okay。

 if I go out to a nightclub or a bar or any environment。

 even in like a fucking Starbucks during the day， if you put me in there and you're like， okay， man。

😡，You can talk to girls 20 minutes from now until then， you just stand here。

 You look around and you don't do anything。What's gonna happen。

 I'm going start getting stuck inside my head。 Okay。

 if I go out to like a loud nightclub and say I'm like all logical and you're like， go in there。

 stand for 20 minutes。 I'm gonna be like。And after 20 minutes。

 I can get more and more and more in my head。 Okay， why？ because the environment is doing to me。Okay。

 I want to be doing to the environment。 Okay， you always want to be again， taking fucking action。

 Now， this here could be minimizing your time in between sets。 Okay。

 minimizing your time in between interactions。 A lot of guys and they go out there like， hey。

 to a girl， And then they say like a 20 minute break。 and they stand around， shoved in their head。

 Hey，20 minute break， shoved in their head。 So bouncing in between girls helps。

 because you're just doing and doing and doing， you don't have time to be like overwhelmed by the environment。

 But it doesn't have to necessarily be talking to different girls。 Okay， just means do something。

 What does that mean if I leave an interaction， I might just start。Clapping， okay。

 motion creates emotion。 I might go talk to my wingman。 I might just talk to myself。

 I might just talk to a fucking wall。 Okay， but I just want to be doing， doing， doing。

 I want to be at the cause， not at the effect。 If I take a break。 Again。

 the environment starts doing to me。 And what does the environment， say， Women are at the peak。

 It's all about superficial values。 You are nothing。 This is an intimidating environment。

 everyone here is out to get you。 That's what the environment is saying。

 And if you don't do anything， you will succumb to that。 And that will become your reality。 Instead。

 it's like my reality， It's like I impose myself， I impose impose myself。 I impose myself。

 Do you guys ever here of jack off theory。Everyone's like Jackoff theory。 A lot of guys in here。

 Jack off there。 I'm not it's like， no jackoff theory is something that Brad came up with where he's like look。

 if I'm going out or say， if I'm jacking off or masturbating or beating your meat。

 whatever you want to call it。 If you're like masturbating， you're not gonna be like， oh wait。

 let me check my emails real fast。😊，And they're like，Let me call my mom。Oh hey， mom， how's it going。

 Oh， that's better。 Yeah， that's better， mom。 thanks。 And it's like， come， you're not gonna do that。

 You're gonna go like all the way through till you come。 It's the same when you go out。

 If you're not doing， it's like taking those little breaks。 You're like start masturbating。

 I'm gonna break a break。 masturbates it more break。 It's like， no， you go all the way through。

 and it's like come okay， that's the frame you should be coming from。 Now。

 the more action you take the more you're gonna get proof that nothing is going to happen。

 And this is very key。 remember when you go out， you come from that preventionbased mindset where you everyone's out to give me。

 it's like human tendency。 It's like everyone's out to give me， everyone here knows each other。

 That's a common one as well。 Like when you walk in a new environment because you're the last one walking in。

 you immediately assume that everyone in like the bar or the club has been networking and they're all this one big group。

 And if you approach and like one girl like sees you get rejected。

 everyone will know and you're fucked。 it's kind of like if you link it back to kman times。

 you walk into this new tribe and you're like the little outsider。 It's like。I'm the nomad cave man。

 You guys are the tribe。 I walk in。 I'm like， oh， shit。 Everyone here knows each other。 In reality。

 it's like a complete illusion。 And what happens back in the day if you approach a girl in the tribe that you don't belong to and you start hitting on all their girls。

No fucking kill you。 Like， who the fuck is this guy done。 Okay。

 so there's still a little bit of that fear。 And every time you talk to a girl and you realize。

 all the guys don't do anything。A little bit more confidence。

 You have a little bit more proof that allows you to give yourself permission to really let loose。

 Okay， you're allowed to be more purposeful。 You're allowed to be louder。

 You're allowed to take up more space to be a lot more selfassive。😊，Okay。

 and this only comes with proof。 You can't convince yourself that it's okay。

 You can't go and be like。They don't all know each other。

 It's okay and just like try to logically convince yourself of doing that。 it's like， no。

 take action， every reference experience is a good reference experience。And this is key as well。

 guysy are like， well， if I take action， I get rejected， that's a bad reference experience。

 And that will not help me progress。 It's like fuck no， It depends on how you interpret it。

If you interpret it as's being like， you know what？I'm still alive。Awesome。😊，That's how I view it。

 Any reference where I'm still alive after is a good fucking reference experience。 Okay。

 and that's a big part of getting yourself in the zone。 It's like， you go out。 Hey， how's it going。

 Nothing happened， Hey， how's it going， Man， I was louder， too， and nothing happened， Hey。

 how's it going。No one does anything in this tribe。 Let's fuck their women。 That's what I think。

 okay。😡，嗯は。Thank you。 Thank you。Now， another thing， too， Okay， with this match up again。

 the more I do， the less the environment does to me is that。You force yourself to， again。

 like get into the zone。 Okay， what you have to realize is that human beings were creatures of habit。

 creatures of like comforts。 And when you go out， you do not want to be sexworthy。

 If you're not conditioned to just naturally feeling that if you addict yourself to being purposeful controlled flowing self aused。

 you're not gonna want to feel it， you're gonna want to keep feeling whatever you're feeling。 Okay。

 it's like if I ask you as right now， do you want to feel happier。😊，Everyone's like， fuck yeah。

 I want to feel happier， except maybe one guy's like fuck。 that shit happy。 Okay。

 Everyone wants to feel happier。 But soon that you you only saying yes， if it's like given to you。

 as soon as you have to do something to feel happier， you're like， no。

 I want to keep feeling what I'm feeling。 It's like， say you're pissed off right now。

 And then you find out all the reasons that made you pissed off We're wrong。

 And there's no reason to be mad。😊，Are you still gonna be like， oh， I'm all good now。

 if you're like this rant of like， fuck this guy， you fuck me over and this shit。 it's like， dude。

 He actually didn't。 Are you're gonna be like， oh， okay， no， you're gonna be like， but still。

 you should have told me you're still gonna to be pissed。 Okay， you want to keep feeling that。

 if you go out， Okay， again， contrary to popular belief。 you still want to feel approach anxiety。

 If you're like in your head， you don't suddenly want to be social。 You're like， you know what。😡。

It's easier to just keep feeling this。 Okay， this is why it's tough to take action。 You know。

 deep down inside， like， how do you get rid of the approach anxiety， What's the right thing to do。

 Talk to the girl， But what's easier talking to the girl or being like， approach anxiety。

Baaskking and he approach anxiety。Okay， that's what you're gonna want to keep feeling。

 And ultimately， nothing is going to change that。 apart from taking action。 Okay。

 the way you should view it is you are the external force acting on the internal。 Okay。

 standing there， telling yourself， stop being afraid， man。Just stop being afraid right now。

 they're just girls。Maybe if I tap my cheeks， it'll help anchor the belief， stop being。

Stop being afraid。 Stop。 That's not gonna fucking help。 Okay。

 You can't directly just change what you're feeling by thinking about it。

 How do you change what you're feeling through the actions that you take。 Every time you take action。

 It's like you shove your body。 It's like， you take perspective。 It's like。

 that's what you're feeling。 shoved in this circumstance。 The girl like。

 oh rejects you or something it doesn't matter because it's all rejection。 You're like， oh。

 I now change how I feel inside。 I now change how you feel inside again and you force yourself again to be like。

 whipped into fucking shape。😡，Okay， so you have to。 don't succumb to your emotions。

 Don't take the easy way out。 Ask yourself， who do you want to become in which direction do you want to move in life。

 Do you want to grow into becoming a man in his prime， or do you want to just stagnate。

 which also merely means with time。Slowly dying inside。 Okay， What does Dine inside look like。

 Walk out of this hotel room and look at the people that you see。 Look at your parents。

That is dying inside。Okay， now， of course， there might be the one or two exceptions like。

 my parents are awesome。 They're way cooler than me。 Cool story。 But a lot of people。

 what do you look， They're just like sad， dead， probably unhappy。

 And they'd probably just stay together for you。😊，So。I'm kidding。 I'm kidding。

 but a lot of people are just dead。 It's like they have no passion。 The older you get。

 is there ever like a 5 year old guy who you see and you're like， man， I wish I could be that guy。

 I wish I could trade spots with that5 year old guy。 Does that happen often。😊，No， very rarely。

 because a lot of guys again， the older they get， they just die inside。 Okay。

 I saw this even last night。 I get into Amsterdam。 I start working on my product editing。

 I look out the window。 and I can kind of see like into the other apartments， like across the street。

 And there's this one guy who this is like the clic。 This is my cliche view of most people。

 He's just sitting at his computer。 He's somewhat fat。 He just goes into his fridge。

 like that's the moment I look， he's walking his fridge， grabs like some cake。

 sits down for his computer， plays his little downloaded movie and eats his cake。 That's most people。

's like trying to forget about their problems。 They are not internally fulfilled。

 They know that they don't have the willpower to take right action。 They don't slowly build a muscle。

 They just give up and get lost in rationalizations。 and that's their life。

 Their default is just being extremely unhappy， unfulfilled。

 And how do they go day by day without killing themselves， losing themselves into external stimulus。

 Every time I watch that little TV show that I download at night。 I can forget about my problems。😊。

Every time I eat the fast food， I get the little spike。 and I can forget about my problems。 Now。

 it happens as soon as you're done eating like the burger or the cake。 You're like， who's sad again。

 you're like more external stimulus。 And then you have this whole culture It addicted to this external stimulus。

 slowly trying to forget the days passing by， get lost in routine and die rotting away。

 You do not want to be that person。 You want to act against that。 Okay。

 and realize that not taking action is taking action。 It's like you're choosing one way or another。

 Okay， one way approaching， for example， is moving in a direction where， again。

 you're growing into your prime。 It's like this is the man I want to become。

 This is the right thing to do。😊，Not approaching。You know， you might think， oh。

 it's just not deciding to make a choice。 No， not approaching is moving in another direction。

 no matter what， you're gonna fucking choose a path。 Okay， and as a guy you want to be like， no。

 This is who I want to become。 This is what I'm aspiring to。

 And I will value this above any form of instant gratification。😡，If you want to lose weight。

 I want to look slim。 And then when the burger's there， what's the easy way out， Bur， you're like。

 no。Against that shit。 if you're like， I want to become good with women。 I want to be grounded。

 I want to be the best person I can be。 I want to have choice in the women that I'm dating。

 This is why I want to become easy way out。Approach anxiety。 It's like， no， Okay。

 What you should start living by and just feeling good about is internal fulfillment。

 When you're out， gone to the head， What's the right thing to do。

 Ask yourself that you will always know what the right thing to do is。😊，No matter where you're at。

 It's like， I'm scared， what's the right thing to do， approachach anyway。 Okay。

 and then you just slowly start building that muscle。 Don't psych yourself out。 Okay。

 don't think too far ahead。 Like if I'm out in the beginning of the night and Sam' still bit in my head。

 I'm still prevention based。 I'm not like， okay， I'm gonna go up， Then I'm gonna open。

 Then I'm gonna talk。 But how am I gonna pull her。 I see this guys thinking about the poll。

 and they didn't even say hi to the girl。 No， I'm just gonna walk up and say hi。

 and you have to kind of trick your mind into viewing it that way。 I'm gonna say hi。

 And then I'm gonna leave no matter what。 And then once you say hi， you're like one more step。

 And then one more step。 And then one more step till your di's inside her。

 But you can't psych yourself out。Okay， baby step it and don't。 again。

 it's like gun to that and don't fall into the illusions that your mind will play either， okay。

 because。When you're faced with the unknown， because that's ultimately what it is。

 when you go out in a new environment， you're going to approach a girl。

 you have no idea what's going to happen。 You're dealing with all these elements of randomness。

 you're like， well。Let's see what fucking happens。 Okay， when face at the unknown。

 it's human tendency to always naturally assume the worst。

 And that's why you'll play all these mental movies about going up to a girl， hurt freaking out。

 throwing or drink on you， calling the bouncers to beat you up and ultimately just dying and getting raped by your boyfriend or something like who knows what the fuck。

All that is never gonna happen。 Okay， the most common thing you get。

 It like you get all this resistance。 But then when you finally do it， what do you realize。

 it's never as bad as you thought it was。 It's like， wow， this is actually pretty fucking easy。 Okay。

 so just do， do， do Okay， and lower that time of reaction， The more breaks， again。

 similar to the jackoff theory， the worse it gets， Okay。

 and this here is a muscle you're gonna have to build。 Okay， like when you go out。

 it can be very emotionally overwhelming。 Like you talk to one or two girls。 And then you're like。

 man， that was intense。 Okay， but it's like， no time to fucking celebrate。 What's next。

 as soon as you leave a girl， What's next， What am I gonna do next， Okay。

 how can I amp up my own party。Okay。The last thing， too。

 with continuously doing something is that you grease the process。Okay， for example。

 if you go out in the beginning of the night， you're usually very choppy。

 How do you get into that nice flow by taking action repeatedly。

 it's kind of like what I call the treadmill analogy。 or say you guys wake in the morning。 I'm like。

 all of you guys on the treadmill right now， Start running start sprinting you gonna be like like flying through the air No。

 you just woke up be like very choppy But what happens 10 minutes doing the same thing get into a nice flow。

's the if you go out in the beginning of the night。

 have to assume it's gonna be choppy it's impossible just the flow， but how do you get flowing。

 taking action， taking action， taking action first Iy going fuck I ran out things to sayy it going where are you from Are you from Amsterdam。

 things to sayyy， how' going from Amsterdam hate Amsterdam she like， what I'm kidding。

 how's it going All to say hey now you get a nice fucking flow， Okay， repetition。

 taking action is the。If you don't take action， you're gonna get stuck in your fucking head。

 It's moving into two directions。 You either move up or you， by default， move down。 Okay。

 so you want to trick your mind。 Don't give yourself the chance to get caught in your head。

The third one。It's don't force it， let it arise。Okay。

ca what are you probably thinking when you hear this， The more you do。

 the less the environment does to you， you're like holy shit。 There's like a fire under your ass。

 Now， you're like， oh， gotta do。 gotta do。 And they become very stress。

What happens if you're stressed， you just put pressure on yourself again。

 What is the first man I try to take all the pressure fucking off。 So basically。

You want to be taking action。 You want to be continuously doing， but at your own pace。

In a proactive way where again， you're overwhelming。 It's like you're poking the environment。

 not in a reactive way where you think， if I stop doing。

 I'm fucked and then you're just rushing and you're not controlled。 Okay。

 getting into the zone is something that sneaks up on you。

 it's when you just like just let loose and kind of even forget about it。 bang， you're in the zone。

 If you're thinking， am I in the zone yet， must get in the zone， you're fucked。 Okay。

 it's kind of like inception。 You're like， oh， shit， I'm dreaming。 Oh， shit， I'm in the zone。

 You'll never notice the exact moment where it's like clicks。 Okay。

 so don't be the guy who's like in a chicken with his head cut off running around。 It's like。

 you're moving around at your pace。 So like， he how's it going， Now I'm gonna talk to this girl。 Hey。

 how's it going。 I'm still proactive。 And I'm not like。How's it going like that。Okay， let it arise。

 And this also applies in terms of being congruent。 Like when you go up to a girl。

 if you don't feel comfortable。Being outgoing， being loud， being physical， being unstifled。

 Don't pretend like you are。Okay， thoughts reaction always aligned。 If in the beginning of the night。

 it's just like， it's just a little weird and it'll feel forced。 If I'm like physical。

 I'm not gonna be extremely physical。 Okay， I'm gonna be like， you know what。

 This will happen with time。 The more I repeat the process。Then once I have more proof to back it up。

 once I get more into a nice flow， once I turn my mind on， it's like I'm in the zone。

 it'll naturally come。 Okay， And the way that you do this is you kind of lean over the edge。

 it's like， if I don't feel comfortable being extremely physical。

 I might feel 50% comfortable being like a little bit physical。 And that means in the interaction。

 I'll be a little bit。 And once I feel more congruing a little bit。

 I'll be a little bit more in the next one。 And by leaning over the edge。

 of your comfort zone with time， the more action you take。😊，It expands that way。 O， the fourth one。

Is instead of asking yourself， how can I get the girl， ask yourself， how can I make myself laugh。😊。

And this encompasses it all。 Okay， the first， the first mantra。There's nothing to win。

 There's nothing to lose。 The second one， the more I do， the less environment does to me。

 The third one， don't force it， let it arise。 The fourth one。 How can I make myself laugh。 Okay。

 and this is something that I ask myself， all the fucking time。 Okay， because when I go out， Okay。

 apart from being the external force on how you feel。

 what is one of the best ways of just loosening up。Laughing。Every time you laugh。W。You just fucking。

 let loose。 okay， And my view of it in the first half is I kind of take perspective on myself。

 and it's like looking at myself in a video game。😡，That's my whole view。

 And I'm like this little character that because nothing's gonna happen in terms of results。

 You're not gonna fuck a girl， The only goal is just self amusement。 That's it I'm like。

 what is this kid little character gonna do to keep me amused。

 And I don't identify with the emotion either。 Okay， the best way to view it is like。

 you guys ever see to show friends。Okay， you know Ross and France？

Let's just say there's a scene in friends you're watching right now on the television where he's like stressing out。

 So he's like putting on like the leather pants。 He's like， oh shit shit。

 trying to put on leather pants。Now， for Ross， that's a very stressful situation。

 He's probably freaking the fuck out。 And it's like a nightmare of a day。😡，Is it stressful for you？

Are you like sitting in front of the television like， oh shit， shit like that。 No， you're just like。

 it's a show。 You know， it's not necessarily real。 You enjoy it。 You might feel a little bit。

 but it's not hitting you on a personal level。😊，Okay。

 so that's how you want to view it when you're out。

 Imagine you're looking at yourself in the fucking television。 Imagine you're Ross。 Okay。

 if you feel nervous， like， should I have approach anxiety， don't identify with it。 be like， oh。

 this is what Ross would feel identifying with it。 I'm gonna be the again。

 look at myself in the third person。 And it's like， oh， he has approach anxiety。

 Let's see how I can make myself laugh with this。 and you just embrace it。 you go up to girls。 Again。

 you don't force it。 You let it arise。 You're like， hey。I have approached anxiety。

I'm so pathetic right now， I'm in my head， I didn't follow Jaov and here I am。Ultimately， embrace。

 exaggerate， laugh。Embrace where you're feeling exaggerated and just laugh at yourself。

 How can I make myself laugh If you run out of things to say， tell the girl。

 I just ran out of things to say I don't have much going on in my head。 I'm very simple。

 I'm very simple man。's like say whatever。 You can also like， make it awkward。

 Like that's one of the ways of like making myself laugh is like， how can I make this awkward。

 it's like again putting that little character like a video game in awkward scenarios。

 So you can walk up to a girl and just like pretend a trip and be like shit，'m so so sorry。

 I was so embarrassed oh my God like that hey， make it awkward。 Okay。

 how can you always ask yourself， how can you make yourself laugh。

 That is how you focus on the process as well。 It's like when going up to girl。 I'm like。

 how can I get her to like me， How can I get her like me。

 I'm like what can I do here that would be funny。😊，And then you just focus on the process。

 even when you're talking to her， She's giving you all this information。 You're like。

 how can I take this and make it funny。 Okay， I remember I was talking to a girl in Australia。

 I have a video of this where I walk up to her and I grab her。 and I'm not attracted to her at all。

 I'm just like， oh， come， come， come。 And she's like， you smell nice。 Okay。

 And instead of being like， oh， thanks。 I'm like， how can I make this funny。

 how can I make this awkward。 I'm like， oh， yeah， you know， I I shower 10 times a day。

 I'm so insecure。 And then I just proceed to telling her how I don't want to go back to my girlfriend。

 She's like， what does your girlfriend live。 I'm like God， just just down the street。

 just down the street， But but she's fat。😊，And then for the next  seven minutes。

 I just keep expanding on how fat she is， how disgusting it is and how I don't want to go back to her。

 And in the meantime， the girl's like， oh my God。 what the fuck freaking out。

 But in my mind I'm like。Like what the fuck， Like who the fuck would say such a thing。

 And I'm just looking at myself again and the third person just laughing。 Okay。

 you never take anything personally。 smell。 I know I shower 10 times a day。

Because I'm so insecure I've been with her for a while and it's like I just realized like sometimes you' got to settle for what you deserve and not aim too high。

So that's all I get， it's like fat piece of shit， like a fat cake pour。Going back to my girlfriends。

 like go going to a pig tro there's probably food in the bed too。Oh。

 like I'll probably tell you the she was like， listen， you're too fat， you smell。

And honestly I deserve better you don't know how high I can fly that's what I's tell her you don't know how high I can fly the only reason I'm still probably with her is I got a charity it's like I feel like karma will come back as I'm just stain with this wretcheded creature night after night。

It's like giving food to the homeless same type of thing， giving loved fat girls。

 but somebody's got to do it huh like what a fat pour on， right？When you go up to a girl。

 don't take it personally。 If you get rejected， don't take it personally。 make it funny。

 You'd be like， I just got rejected。 You're the last one here。 You're my last chance。

 Like as Azzie said， you're my last chance for love。 How can you make yourself laugh。 Now。

 there are different ways you might resonate with。 Okay， one could be making it awkward。

 The other could be going as I like to call it full retard。 I'm a fish fish。😊，Have you ever a fish？

ish fish he was a was Jeremy fish we were jumping we like the friends we're jelly bellies we're jelly beans we're popcorn he keeps us in the basement。

mean the is it' like don' talk to people， I'm embarrassed of you too， don't talk to people。

I'm embarrassed。Why do you have to be abuse why he abuses us he He gets the room Daddy kicks us。

 Daddy kicks us He's like you are dirt。And he takes on a little accent when he says it like your dirt。

 dirt， dirt。这。Seesar， I'm over， Caesar。我点下。Seear。大叔。Car， Caar。喜事洗事喜事。Oh， my friend。やて kissや to kiss。

No， real kiss， real kiss， real kiss， real kiss， I swear。あう。Love， it's like， it's just ridiculous。

 And like you do these weird dances。 You ruin yourself self image。

 That's usually something that holds people back as well。 It's like。

 I'm just trying to be so fucking cool。 It's like when you ruin that little James Bond image。

 you're able to let loose。 You know， there's verbal ways in making yourself laugh。

 There's physical ways。 It's like， what resonates with you。 How can you fucking make yourself laugh。

 Okay， this takes all the pressure off。😊，And。And helps you loosen up okay now ultimately in terms of the four pillars。

How does following these mantras get you in the zone？The more you take action， Okay， the more you do。

 and the more you get the proof， then nothings gonna happen， you have that humph。 Okay。

 you're able to be fucking purposeful。 There's no other way。 You can't be purposeful otherwise。

 You can just walk in and be like， I'm purposeful， bangang， Okay， you'll still be somewhat。

 but you a it up through taking fucking action。 How do you become controlled。 Okay。

 you talk to so many people。 You're in all this hectic environment。

 All this crazy shits happening different reactions are you're getting from different people that after a while。

 you're just numb to it and you're just like。😡，Bang， okay， just very， very grounded。

 How do you become flowing。 Okay， The more people you talk to。

 And this is a side note as well with the more you do。

 the less environment does to you talk to fucking everyone。 Okay， don't just screen out like。

 I'm only gonna talk to the hot girls。 Talk to the ugly girls as well， ultimately。

 you shouldn't even notice if they're hot or not。 When I go out， I'm just focus on myself。

 I'm like look at me， look at me。 And then if they get a little too close， then they pop into my R S。

 Okay again， whatever screens out value or not。 I'm like， oh， now I notice them。

 but otherwise I just notice myself。 talk to every girl。 if you're only talking to the hot ones。

 you're placing them on a pedestal and you will fuck it up。 Okay， you have to treat them the same。

 The difference is you only fuck the hot ones。 But even if you don't do use it for reference and just don't fuck。

 Okay， one question， I gets pretty much all the time is how did you get good so fast。

 What's my answer by committing to every girl is if she was a fucking 10。😡。

Doesn't matter if she was hot。 Doesn't matter if she was ugly in the way I acted in my dedication to the interaction。

 it was as if she was the most beautiful girl I'd ever met in my life。😊，Now。

 what happens there instead of getting just like two or three references a night out where you go out and there's maybe two three girls。

 you find attractive。 and then you just talk to them。 I talk to everyone。 My night's out。

 or as if I go out and every girl there is a fucking 10。😡，Okay， now I don't focus on the results。

 I focus on the process。 If you're out tonight， of course， you know， like try to pull a hot girl。

 but say it's the end of the night。 say it's like 4， 5 AM。 and all the Hawk girls are gone。

 And the only thing left。Is a fat old， 40 year old lady。

Who was even somewhat drunk who threw up on herself earlier， just smelling really bad。Now。

 what would most guys do in this case？Our girls's like， I'm going home。What would I do。

 Let's pull the fucking old lady。 Let's pull her now。this is why I did to become fucking good。 Okay。

 I'm not waiting for the Hog girl to do it。 I'm going to pull that old lady。

 and I'm going to play serious fucking game on that old lady。 Okay， It's like， again。

 it's like another opportunity to sharpen the blade。 If you're trying to be physical。

 can you only practice being physical on hog girls。No， you can do it on ugly girls as well。

 If you want to practice pulling。 Can you only do it on hot girls。 No。

 you can do it on ugly girls as well。 I'll bring her home。 I'll screen for logistics。

 I'll give all the excuses I'll lead。 I'll get her naked on my bed with her legs open。 saying。

 fuck me。 And then I'll be like， listen， I just don't know if I can right now。😡，I'm sorry。哎。

I just got out of a relationship。 I think we should take this slower and then flake on her or not even flake on her。

 if I want to practice my phone game。 I'll text the fat girl。 Okay I'll be like。

 hang out with me until she agrees。 And then I'll be like hey I can't if you want to practice your day2 game。

 show up in person and then say， oh， I can't。 everything is a fucking reference。

 pull doesn't mean you have to because get her number doesn't mean you have to call her I see this sometimes boot camp。

 I'm get number。 but she's fat dude number't mean fucking her't have fucking call her delete it after feel comfortable having a girl's on your phone。

 you'll see guys like damn it's still in there。 I like delete it delete it everything is a fucking reference by doing that again let go the scarcity of the hot girls。

 get tons of reference， play it serious playing your game seriously with every girl is very important。

 and this also applies to burning sets to the ground。

 sometimes you Burn it to the ground guys will just like crazy to burn it to the ground。 It's like。

 no， when you burn it to the ground， do it in a way where you're like still playing the game intelligently。

Still playing to win until it fucks up。 You're all like， oh， burn it to the ground。 Hey。

 To this and like try to fucking freak out。 Okay， still play it smart。

 But that's my focus in the first half following these four mantras。 And overall， okay。

 building a massive reservoir of fun and abundance。 That's it。 Okay。

 how can I have so much fun and so much abundance， even too much。😊，That's my only focus。 F the girls。

 F the outcome。 It's all about me having too much fucking fun。

 So that when the second part of the night hits。 and it's time to commit to a girl。

 have longer interactions， screen for logistics become a little bit more attached to the outcome。

 I don't get shoved in my head because it's coming from that place of fun and abundance。

 so in the first half， it doesn't matter even if I'm having too much fun。

 even if the girl's like it's too much， I'm like， yes， more to the reservoir， more to the reservoir。

 if I sense myself getting a little too serious。 or a little too actually。

 I really like this girl in the first half of the night， I'll fuck it up on purpose。

 I'm like now yet， later， fun and abundance。 if you don't do this， trust me。

 when the second half hits。 And I'm like， pull you're gonna be like in your head， fucked。

 your night kind of similar to a girl is also download bar。

 But instead of being like emotional overwhelmed， you're like fun， fun abundance。

 abundance bangang massive fun and abundance。When the second F hits。That one pull。

It's like loading a gun。 It's like。Okay， that is your first part of the night。

 Don't even think about the fucking girl。 okay now once you do this and you kind of make it into a habit。

 of course， you can be a little bit more practical okay， in which case。

 during that first part of the night， you build what I call leads。 okay。

 you start getting the phone number of every girl that you talk to。😡，Okay。

 that's kind of how you maximize your night out。 It's like you're talking to the girl。

 And because you can't fuck her then in there because the download bar is too low， get a number。

 and then continue the interaction later on when the logistics are more in your favor。 Now。

 when is the next later on later on that night。 Okay， so during the first part of the night。

 I'm talking to every girl like fun， fun。 If I like her。 I' like， listen， You know what。

 You probably have to go back to your friends， I have to go back to my friends as well。

 But let's hang out later。 What's your number。Boom， and then I get her number。

 then I text her my name。 And when the second half hits， I'm like， okay， gotta choose a girl now。

 have a longer interaction because it's later on in the movie and the girls are okay now。

 just speaking to one guy。 I can pick a new girl， where I can go back to all the phone numbers。

 I can mass text them。 Where are you right now。 What are you doing。 Where are you right now。

 On top of that， I probably determine the logistics as well， Make that habit。 Every girl。

 Who are you here with， How do you guys know each other。

 What you do you have roommates or your roommates here with you， Did you drive here。

 Did you take a taxi here， How are you going home， What are you doing tomorrow。

 So I know the situation， I can kind of like pick a girl。

 Like Does the hotness justify the logistics， So is there other girls here， you can make that choice。

 Be practical， if you can， but don't let this shove you in your head。 Okay， the fun。

 the abundance is the baseline of it all。😊，Okay。Part two of the night。As I mentioned before。

 that's when you commit to a girl。 Part two is when the download bar reached a point where she's had enough fun。

 there's been enough action and it's okay now and it doesn't become boring to just talk to one guy。

 And that's where you have to commit to a girl。 That's when you're like， okay。

 which girl are you gonna fuck tonight。 you're like that one。 And then it's like gun to the head。

 And instead of being like， what's the right thing to do， you tell yourself。

 if you don't fuck this girl， your family dies。😡，And you take it that seriously。

 How far would you push an interaction， Okay， Not rape， but how far would you push it。

 if you knew your family would fucking die， That's the frame of mind。 You got to be persistent。

 You got to be resilient as fucking shit。 You want to stay in until you're in that isolated situation where you can fuck the girl。

 Okay， that's the second part of the night。 You switch from like the short。

 fun interactions to something that's longer。 Okay realize that a pull is usually 45 minutes to an hour and a half where the energy is a little bit more toned down。

 a little bit more spread out and more sustainable。😡，Okay， that's when it's like， okay。

 switch out from the fun， fun fun， switch out from the abundance， Okay， and just focus on like， okay。

How's it going， It just taking your time coming from that place。You talk to the girl。

 You realize again that her download bar is still down here。 It has to go up。 So you spend some time。

 And then ultimately， you go for the pool。 Okay， but stay the fucking。

 And that is the second part of the night。Now。During that second part。

 don't get sucked into scarcity。 Okay， because even if you build the fun。 Sudden， you're like。

 it's time to pull now。 you're stuck in your head。 Okay， or the later it gets。

 if you haven't committed to a girl， you're not in a set， you kind of freak out， wrong。 Okay。

 like two selected blind spots that I have for the second part of the night are there's an infinite amount of women。

 And there's an infinite amount of time。 act as if it's the first part of the night again。

 Don't psych yourself out， realize too， that emotions always come in waves。 Okay。

 you might get in the zone in the first half。 then you lose it。

 But just because you lost it doesn't mean you won't get back in by the end。

 just follow the fucking process in the beginning。It'll go more like this。 The more advanced you get。

 it'll kind of stay up there。But you have to fucking follow this。And then there's part three。

 and what is part three？The end of the night， say you didn't pull or say you committed to a set and it fucked up。

 Part 3 is when the club closes and everyone's just walking home。 At that time。

 the by interpreter is very high。And ultimately， it's kind of like free for all。

 It's like the girls there ready for sex and who is the last guy who's gonna be next or who she can fuck。

 Who is the last dick standing。 That's who you want to become who you want to be。

 And the more advanced you get， You'll kind of catch yourself getting a little lazy with going out。

 So you're like， you know what， I can get in the zone fast。

 Why would I go out at fucking 10 or 11 and spend my whole night when I can just put my alarm on。

 Wake up as the club closes， go out of my pajamas and pull a girl。Okay。

 that's why I used to do in L A。 The clubs close at 2。 at 150。 My alarm would go on。 I'd wake up。

 And because I live close to the clubs， I'd just walk out and pull a fucking girl on my pajamas。

 Okay， now， why is this possible， Because at that point in the night。

 the download bar is fucking high， okay， And ultimately。

 it doesn't matter who pumped her download bar。 It's going to transfer on whoever is in front of her。

 you might have experienced this。 You talk to a girl。

 you spend like 30 minutes just like physical like biting her neck and shit。 She's like， oh my God。

 then you leave。 And two minutes later， she's making out with another guy。And you're like。

 what the fuck， Well， guess what You did the fucking work。

 You left and then just transferred on the guy。 So you can do that at the end of the night。

 If you're just， the girls's walking out and you start walking home with her， the whole night。

 All the guys who hit on her， the dance with the music。

 That download bar will just transfer onto you。 And she'll be like， oh， here's the dick bangang。

 Okay， so that's kind of like the the third part of the night。 Okay。

 but this is how you should structure your night。 Now it's cool about this。😊，Is that。You really hit。

You basically really maximize the return on that emotional and time investment。 Okay。

 when you go out， the first half， what are you focusing on， Fun， abundance， mingling the fuck around。

 this hero transition into your social circle。 It'll transition into your work life。 Okay。

 you'll just be able to like socially just talk back。 You just like flow， flow， flow， talk， talk。

 talk， you're able to provide fun to generate fun to bring the fucking party。

 You become the center of attention。 You become the warm of the pool on top of that。

 you're building leads。 you're getting numbers for either later that night or for dates later that week。

 even if it's the number of a fucking fat， she has hot friends。

 You can use her to get to her friends。 Okay， or you can use her as like a wing man。

 where you go up to grow and you're like， look at her so fat。 What's up， bangang。

 You can do that as well， that's。Funny enough， That's how I。

I picked up one of the girls who's on the show revenge like that。

 It's like This is in L A back in the day when the show just started。

 It's like a girly show never watch it。 But but they say I walk up to I'm like， oh。

 that's a chick for revenge。 So I'm like， hey how's it going。 And she's kind。

 and just walk off I'm like damn it。 damn it， must stand out。 must provide value。

 So I have a friend of mine who's like a model， I'm like， hey， come with me， meet my other friend。

 She's like， okay， walk up to her。 And as soon as I reapproach the go from revenge。 I'm like。

 get the fuck app。 she's thinking， what a stupid。 How's it going。 And the goes like。

 hey and loves me。Only do this with really hot girls and only do if it's your friend。

 And she knows you're fucking around。 Don't be mean。 Don't be a dick。 Okay， but anyway。

 you practice that。 you have leads。 Then in the second half， you learn things like willpower。

 sticking through， pulling a girl， having sex。 and ultimately you get the best of both worlds。

 You get one night stands dates and you have all this choice in women， all of this abundance。

 Now when you get the phone numbers as well as little side notes。

 organize them in your phone because when you're talking to every girl in that first half and you're getting the numbers。

 it's very easy to kind like forget whose numbers， who So you want to be ready at the end of the night。

 where it's like， okay mass text， Where are you you have all the numbers like with a letter A in front。

 something like that。 And when you mass text them。 And if they respond。😊，Call them。 Okay。

 don't just go through this long text exchange。 It the second part of the night。

 You just want to fucking be there。 And one thing， too。

 with the fucking numbers is never trust a girl when she tells you， listen。😡。

It's the beginning of the night。 I'm just gonna go to my friends， but I'll meet you here later。

 I'll find you。Never trust her。 If a girl's like， hey， I'm gonna go to the bathroom。

 I'll be right back。 If that's a girl you committed to， you follow her to the bathroom。

 You wait in front of that bathroom。 You do not let her out of your sight。 You do not trust her。

 Okay， why because women operate in what we call temporary truths。

 Okay know what is that when she says， listen。 I'm just going to the bathroom， I'll be right back。

 I swear to God。 I swear。 She means it。 in that moment in time， she fucking means it。

 But Her mind always follows her emotions。 say she goes to the fucking bathroom。

 And then when she walks out of the bathroom， Her friends bump in her。 And they're like， hey。

 we're going to the dance floor。 And there's like five girls peer pressing her and kind of pushing her towards the dance floor。

 And she going to go against her friends， like， no friends。

I'm gonna act like a slut right now and talk to this guy。No， she's not gonna do that。 She' be like。

 oh， well， sorry Gu。 Most of the moment。 Okay， she could go to the bathroom。 She leaves the bathroom。

 She meets me。 She's not coming back either。 Okay， So so never trust the girl。

 cover the ex as soon as she's gone。 You know it's gonna happen。 So get the fucking number。

 be practical about this。 Okay And when you do this as well。

' just have so much more fun when you out。 it's like this serious ordeal。

're like there's a time and place for everything。 you let go of the outcome。

 you let go of judging yourself with every little interaction。

 and I can't stress how important it is to have fucking fun。 like fun is the baseline。

 If you're going out and you're very negative， you are fuck youre fuck。

 It's like it's never gonna happen。 never has in the past。

 We very rarely that some little guy who's negative。s like shit negative goes up。

s like I'm gonna open vibe pull and successfully did it that way。 it's not gonna happen。

 If the girl's having fun， she wants the。ol guyy， Okay。

 she doesn't want the guys like trying to join her party or trying to follow the pickup process。

 Girls， when they're out， they want to have maximum fun， maximum abundance as well。

 They just want to relax。 Okay， relax and have fun。 if you have an agenda like step， step， step。

 step， step。 It's not gonna work。 You have to quote unquote， hide your agenda in the massive fun。

 Okay， you have to laugh， you have to loosen up。 if you are not laughing。 you're fucked。 Okay。

 you can always tell how good a guy is that game。 But how much fun he's having when he's out。😊。

How much fun， Okay， and really exaggerate。 Okay， embrace it exaggerate。

 like you want to focus on that range of expressiveness。

 It doesn't matter what you're saying or what you're doing。 That's fun。

 All that matters is the emotion behind it。😊，And again。

 it's kind of like leaning over the edge of what's congruent as well。 For example， if I'm out。

And say I see something that's funny。M say congruent reaction the beginning of the night might be like。

 like that。 How am I gonna act them out like， I mean， exaggerated a little bit。 Now。

 not too much to more you like， you see guys going like fucking crazy creeping girls out because they're oblivious like a little bit。

 But I'm really gonna bring the fucking passion。😊，Okay， girls are not looking at the content。

 They're looking at the behavioral cues。 You can laugh about anything and the girl will feel good cause she'll feel whatever you're feeling。

 She's not gonna be like， well， was that actually funny on a logical sense， She'll just be boom。

 I get sucked in the emotion of the moment。 Okay， have fucking fun。 Take action as well。

 build the fun， Jump up it down， Sho yourself into state。 Okay。

 and this is key as well with the more I do， the less the environment does to me。 When I say。

 take action。 Okay， or do something， I don't mean。😊，Just clap your hands like this。 commit to it。

 Okay， If I'm out of it。 I go out， I'm like， okay， here we are。 start tapping my foot。

 I'm gonna tap my foot。 Now I'm not just gonna tap it like like that。

 I'll tap it a bit like this in the beginning。 And I'm gonna be like hurting my leg as I tap my foot。

 That be clapping my hands to pour my hands hurt and bobbing my head up and down to boring my neck hurts。

 It's like shock yourself into the fucking zone。 Okay now that's when you can physically do it。

 if you're in a bar， don't do this where it's like very quiet。

 So be like like the guy standing out do it more verbally by creating awkward scenarios。

 but have fun with it。 Okay， the game is something that's very serious rules。

 Like if you don't follow this process， you're fucked。 but as you're following the process。

 you have to have fun。 that is the fucking key feel good， and it， laugh。

 Okay so that is the way that I structure my nights out。😊。

