# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：9、上钩【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So the hook points， what is it？The hook point is basically a point that you reach in the interaction where there's a shift in the girl's mind。

 you know， she goes， like， you know what？Who's this stranger rolling up and like opening me you know like hey。

 what's up， you know like I had to meet you to， you know what。

 he went from being a stranger to someone I'm actually enjoying talking to。

 you know you like hooked the girl you' like。Reelder the fucking。

 And now you're actually in a real interaction。 Okay， it's not just walking up， spewing a few lines。

 There's a nice exchange once you pass that point。 Now that there is the general definition of a hook point。

 You know， if you ask anyone， It's like， well， it's when the girl basically wants you to stay more than she wants you to leave。

 But that there is just spewing it on a macro level。 Okay。

 what we're gonna do here is we're gonna zoom in on a micro level。

 And they're actually two hook points。 Okay， there's what I call the social hook points and the sexual hook points。

 Now， what is these social hook points。 the social hook points is basically when you go up to a girl。

And， you know， you just offer some sort of value to her。 You know， she's like， you know what。

 This guy's making my night We' just making the moments better than it was without him。 You know。

 he's like， maybe a little bit fun。 He might be saying a few jokes。

 He might be a little bit interesting。 You he's like， you know what。😊，I like this。 You know。

 you can stay because it's better with you。 Okay， you provide some value。 Now。

 that doesn't mean she's gonna sleep with you。 It doesn't mean she's getting necessarily turned on。

 but she's just willing to acknowledge you， you know， like give you a little bit of her time。

 which funny enough for hot girl is still a lot。 Okay， but it usually isn't enough for her to。

 you know， spread her legs for you， Okay， that is the social hook points。

 you probably experience this if you're talking to girls， You know， it's like。

 you can just talk and talk and talk。 But at the end， it's like。

 so can I have your number or do you want to hang out and she's like，😊，No， okay。

 it's like you were fun enough and you offered enough value to have my attention。

 but no more than that。 Okay， that is the social hope points。 I love in。That breaks my heart。

 I was like， oh， she lives guys so far away。 I'm moving close soon you should move to Hollywood。I am。

Yeah。Sak。Barely will be my best friend while I'm here。I'm only here for three more weeks。

 unfortunately， I mean， we can W These sexual hook points is when the girl starts emotionally investing。

 Okay， now what is the difference， Social hook point， you'll notice in her。😊，Tonality and， you know。

 facial expressions。 She's just kind of like bse。 Like， oh， really， that's。

 that's really interesting。 Oh， cool， A sexual hook point。 There's gonna to be a shift。 Okay。

 and you can see it in the eyes and in her tonality。 The eyes will usually。😊，Like pop out， you know。

 kind of like we call it the the anime eyes， if you will， with the bamby eyes。

 where it's like like that and her voice is going to go up at the end。 Okay。

 she's going to talk in a trying for rapport tonality。Right now I wasn't interested in the beginning。

 but now I'm very interested in just who you are。 So the analogy I use to illustrate this concept is what I like to call the Megan Fox analogy。

 Okay， let's just say， for example， that right now we're having an interaction。

 let's just say that you're a mathematician。 Okay just ran an example。

 you're a mathematician and you're talking to me about math。 You're like to Julie and I。😊。

I love math。 You know， everything about math is amazing。 I love adding numbers。

 I'm abstracttracting numbers。 I'm just so into numbers。 you know， two is my favorite number。

 Oh my God， math， math， math。 and you start telling me this。

 and let's just say that I'm not necessarily into math Okay now I'm gonna listen to what you have to say。

 I'm gonna to be polite about it。 You know， a little smile。

 maybe but I'm not gonna to be emotionally investing。 Okay， it's gonna be kind of b。

 I'll just be like， oh。😊，So you like math。That's cool， cool， know， why do you like math。

 what is it you like so much about the number two， Okay， I might even ask a question。

But you're not going to have like my full attention will just be like， oh， yeah， yeah。

 just like just politely talking back。Now， what if， you know， halfway through a sentence， you know。

 like I love number two， you change the topic and you tell me， you know what， Julian？

As a complete side notes， my sister is actually Megan Fox and she's lying on her bed right now。

 which is like 30 seconds away just around the corner。

 naked and she just texted me and she's bound for any guy to fuck her right now。

Now am I still gonna be like， oh yeah， it's really cool。 You know， Megan Fox， naked， Oh， what is it。

 She likes so much about guys fucking her。 Am I gonna say that， F no。

 what is my demeanor going to do。W， what did you say， what did you just say， Do you say Megan really。

 Megan Fox， your sister？Around the court。And I'm out of there。 Okay。

 now what changed My eyes are gonna go from， Oh， yeah。 that's really， too。Okay。Like， okay。

 anime eyes， Bamby eyes， and my tonality is going to go from like， oh yeah。

 that's really cool to worry， what， what your sister's making Foxox holy shit。

B and then you just feel it that emotional investment you've crossed， if you will。

 the sexual hook points。 Now these can happen simultaneously。 you know。

 like you walk up to your girl。 You're like， hey， what's up， I'm Julia， nice to meet you。

 and she's like， oh hey， like the eyes pop out。 The voice goes up at the end just off the hello。

 and you've passed again the social hook point and the sexual hook point at the same time。

 she's already getting turned on emotionally investing you're good to go。 But in other cases。

 you will initially pass the social hook points， where you' go up to girl and you just start chatting and chatting and chatting And again。

 you reach that point where she doesn't want you to leave anymore。 You're in an interaction。

 And then two to3 to maybe5。 Even sometimes longer than five minutes later。

 you pass the sexual hook points。 Okay， an example is say you talk to a girl and she asks you your name。

 you probably experience this where say 5 10 minutes in。 she's like， wait wait， by the way。

 what's your name already。😊，Okay， different tonality， eye contacts。 Now she's actually caring。 Okay。

 and that is ultimately what you want to reach when you hear hook points or hooking the girl。

 What the fuck is your name。 So how do you do it， Basically， to hook a girl。

 The frame of mind you should be coming from is that， you know what。😊，I'm a sexworth guy。 You know。

 I'm sexworth。 I'm on top of my shit。 I am man's woman。 You know， I'm not friend to friend。 You know。

 you assume attraction instead of trying to create it， you know。

 like button push for those good reactions。 but don't necessarily assume that the girl is on the same level。

 Okay， now， of course， girls are very intuitive。 You know。

 they are very focused on the subcommunications， they can get a feel if you're sexworth or not。

 But the way you should be viewing it is like， you know what， I'm sexworth。

 But the girl is a complete retard who doesn't have any idea that I'm sexworth。 Okay。

 she just doesn't know， and the responsibility on your shoulders。 Okay。

 you have to create basically the opportunity for her to see that you're sexworth。 Okay。

 you have to bring her into your reality and give her that glimpse that oh shit。

 This is a guy that I want to fuck。 Now， one of the ways of doing this is through ploughing。 Okay。

 basically， if you go up to a girl and you're like， hey， what's up， I'm Julian。 Okay。

 like the default， you know， can't opener that we covered before。 You know， just introduce yourself。

 Hey， what's up， I'm Julian。Basically doing that。 What are you doing。

 You're giving her a sample or a sound bite， if you will， of your personality。 Okay。

 of just who you are。 Okay， now， of course， it's not in the content。 It's in her reacting to you。

 Okay， remember， like you set the rhythm， you have to cause not the effect。 So hey。

 what's up I'm Julian。 She's like， here， I get a little bit of this person。 Okay， now for some girls。

 Hey， what's up on Julian is enough。 Okay， like you reach the social hook point。

 you might even reach the sexual hook point。 She's like， you know what。

 I had enough to go on to see that this guy is sexworth。 Okay。

 to see this guy's mantwo clearest intentions。 just the shit in some guy that I would want to ultimately fuck。

 But for some other girls， that's not enough。 Okay， again。

 they're not necessarily that intuitive and they're not gonna pick up on your sexworthiness just through that little sound bite or sample alone。

 if you will。 So how do you do it， You give them a bigger sample。 Okay。

 you offer them a bigger sample of your personality and you do that through。

What I like to call plowing。 Okay， so plowing is basically， just keep on talking and talking。 Okay。

 basically just doing， doing， doing， doing。 Okay， setting the rhythm。

 getting her to react to you till she has a big enough sample to see that you're sex worthy。 Okay。

 so say I walk up to her girl。 like， he， what's up in Julian， Shet be like。Hey。

 and then just keep on talking like， hey， what's name。 Are you from Los Angeles。 Oh， cool。

 That's awesome。 Wait， wait， Why do you hate me， What about this， Do you like dogs， Do you love dogs。

 I love dogs， Wait， what's your name already， What's your name。😊，now what happened？Now。

 she has a lot fucking more to go on。 And she seems to be like， oh this。

 I guess this guy's fucking cool。 Okay， I set the rhythm。

 I got her to react to me for a longer period of time。 Okay， with time， I create the bigger sample。

 I shifted around different topics。 So I'm not just talking about the same thing over again。 Okay。

 because that is very common too。 Like guys walk up。 It's like， hey， I'm Julian， which she's like。

 oh， hey， and they're like。But， I'm Julian。Hey， how are you doing， How are you doing。

 They keep on the same tonality， The same fucking topic is just boring。

 You're just giving her the same shitty sample。 She just couldn't pick up on。 So what do I do。

 Shift around different topics。 Shift around different emotions。 You know， do a little push pull。

 Like， wait， wait wait， Why do you hate me。 Nice to meet you。 said the rhythm again。 Lead， command。

 No， no， no， I just want to say， hi I just want to hi， look， I have to go and you wave。

 It was very nice to me。 I'm enjoyed， I just want to say， how are you from L A。

 Are you from L A challenge a little bit。 You know， bounce round。

 And by giving her that bigger sample again， even the dumbest retarded girl of them all would be like。

 you know what， this guy is sexworth。 Okay， so you basically take on the frame like， you know what。

No way out。 I'm just going to talk and talk and talk I'm going to do and do and do。

 I'm not waiting for the girl's reaction。 Okay， like most guys will be like， hey。You know。

 waiting for the girl to， you know， basically be at the cause and the effect is like。

 youre just doing your shit。 You're on your path in purpose。 Like， this is me， This is me。

 This is me， just like。Okay， like your personality and you just assume you know what。

 given enough time and given a bigger sample， she will come to realize that I'm that guy and really make sure you're doing it for you not like you know what if I just stop talking。

 she'll leave like you still assume again that you're sexworth and just more of like just expression just you talking for the sake of talking。

 remember your actions make you feel good， your actions pump you up not her reactions and it's not coming from a scarce mindset just like trying to prove yourself or trying to sell yourself Now for the sexual hook points sometimes you'll just reach it off the bat know just by saying hello the girl will be like anime eyes trying for a personality。

 I'm getting attracted to this guy other times you know just let time do the work for you the more you just talk to the girl you get her to react to you express your personality just by the mere fact that you're a man and she's a woman she's gonna naturally just start getting attracted and you will just naturally cross that point。

 but other times you know you might。toJust trigger it a little bit more proactively。 Okay。

 so what are some of the ways you can do this。 The easiest way is to tingle with her emotions。 Okay。

 basically say or do something that either challenges her or that creates some sort of intrigue。

 Okay， an example of this could be going up to a girl introducing yourself。 Like， you know what， Hey。

 I'm Julian， nice to meet you。 she's like， oh hey， I'm Stceacy。 Okay， like kind of Bla。 like。

 you reach the social hook point。 She's giving you a little bit over time。 She's acknowledging you。

 You know， she's actually talking back， not necessarily leading towards sex。 but。😊。

Good enough for an interaction。 And the way you reach the sexual hook point is same something along lines of。

 are you from L A， Are you from Los Angeles， She's like， yeah， interesting。😊。

No what she going to do there。 She be like， wait， wait， wait。why is that interesting， you're like。

 oh。Never mind。 so important。 No， no， no， no， no， Tell me， Tell me why， why is that interesting。

 What， What does that say about me。Okay， that's going to be a reaction。 what。Okay， anime eyes。

 bamby eyes trying for a personality。 And there's gonna be a little shift in the interaction。

 And you reach these sexual hook points。 Okay， creating that challenging type frame。

 creating that intrigue。 Okay the mindset that I come from is like， you know what， What you gonna do。

 doing something a little bit provocative。 Like， yep， I've said that。 What you gonna do。

 you don't want to go with like the fluff。 Okay， and this is the mistake a lot of guys make。

 and you probably seen this before。 where people just want to like make it all go very smoothly and make it just go very well innocent in going with the flow of things。

 Whatever the girl says they just agree with it。 It's like， oh， you're right， I love that， too。

 you know， like， yeah， oh， you like that。 that's my favorite color too。 Oh， you know。

 I don't really agree with that。 But I can see your point and I respect that。 You know。

 like going with the grain。 F that。 you want to go against that every once in a while。 If she's like。

 you know what， I like the color blue。 You're like， really， I hate the color blue。😊。

WhatWhy do you hate the color blue？Now you reached it。 It's a little bit more challenging。 Okay。

 this is like flirting 1 on1。 You want to fuck with the girl a little bit。

 It's kind of like you and her just fucking around。 Now， again， it's not aggressive。 It's not mean。

 It's like playfully doing those little pushes to each other。 Okay， that is the baseline of flirting。

 That is what hits her on the emotional level and that separates the social hook point from these sexual hook points。

 And you can really challenge her on anything。 Okay， some classic lines would be like， you know what。

 you and I would not get along。 It's like what， why we're too similar。 We would not get along。 No。

 no， we totally would get along。 It just doesn't even make any sense。 Like we would not get along。

 We're like， you know what， I can't talk to you。Why， you can do that off anything。

 You can literally just go up， hey what's Im Julia Are E from L She's like， yeah。

 I can't talk to you right now。 I Can't talk to you。Why， okay， like just dumb things like that。

 You can challenge her on the fact that she's too nice。 Like， you know what， you're too nice。

 You're too nice。 You're too tall。 You're too short。 You're too beautiful。 You know what。

 You're too stuck up。😊，Can't deal with this shit。 I can't deal。 No， I'm not stuck up。 Okay。

 anything that's just like playfully challenging。 It's like， poke， what you're gonna do。

 And your expression is kind of like a laser eye contact。 Okay， like again。

 you st the steady eye contact。 And there's like a little smirk。 You know， like a twinkle of a smile。

 like。Yep， I just said we wouldn't get along。 What are you gonna do。 Okay， it's not mean。

 It's not like we wouldn't get along。 F you bitch。 It's like， we wouldn't get along。

What are you going to do。And then you reach the sexual hook point。26 is a good age。Not for girl。

I had to say it'm， but what does that mean？It means as a guy you actually just brought me in with that comment are you parents divorced？

You can go on how you can go I was just scared。Why not？Whats wrong is it， what does it mean？Nothing。

 not everything has to mean something。 I totally want to sex with you right now。

 Another way is teaching her something of interest。 like saying like some funny comment。

 just going up and just being really into what you're saying。 Okay， remember。

 girls are bored out of their minds and a lot of people when they go up They're just like asking for something in return。

 If you just roll up And again， linking it back to plowing。

 You just start talking about something you're just really passionate about。 You know， like。

 you know what， I did this fucking awesome thing and this happened and this happened and this happened。

 she need be like。😊，W wait， what should' just be like drawn into it there？ Okay， now。

 how do you make something interesting by being interested in it， Okay。

 there is no like interesting topics。 You don't have to adapt to the girl。

 You don't have to like calibrate before the fact。 Like， you know what， girls probably like。

 you know， discussions about makeup。 And I'm gonna go up and talk about makeup。 Okay， fuck that。

 You can talk about whatever guy topic you want to talk about。 You can talk about like。

 you have sea fighting。 You talk about race cars。 it like whatever the fuck you want to say。

 but just be into it。 Okay， you can even talk about the most boring thing in the world。 Like。

 I've been up to girls and be like， you know what， look at the fucking floor。

 Like you see this all my fucking God。 She's gonna to be like。What's， okay， she'll be like。

 sucked into that passion。 Okay， sucked into that excitement。

 And if you're emotionally investing in the topic yourself by the lost state transfer， Okay。

 whatever you feel， she feels， she's gonna start emotionally investing in it as well。 Okay。

 so just go up and just like， again， put yourself out there。

 fully commit to it and start becoming passionate about it。 Okay。

 teacher something of interest or again， some funny little comment。 something that makes you laugh。

 Okay， because even like laughter for itself triggers the emotional side。 It's not Bla。

 It's not indifference She's actually feeling something。 So he looks at me。

 and then at one point I go to the bathroom。 And that this is exact moment I go to the bathroom。

 he walks in the bathroom like right next to me like that。

 but he doesn't say word because I guess he works there she's waiting for me to make a move。

 and then I did。😊，And things happened and things went down sweaty。

 And that's what I And one last thing that I just really want to you know。

 hammer in is the old 9010 rule。 Okay， this goes hand in hand with plowing where basically。

 until you reach the hook point， you want to be doing 90% of you know the talking。

 you basically want to be like at the cause of 90% of the time。 and the girl is doing the 10%。

 don't just go up to be like challenge and wait for her to give you like the massive story。

 You know like oh， you know， I'm from Los Angeles。 And this is this， don't ask anything of her。 Okay。

 the easier she can just respond to whatever you're saying like yes， no， I don't know。 the better。

 Okay， we call this like offering value versus taking value。 Okay， like you don't eat。

 You're just doing your own thing。 You self， your actions bump you up。 You're going up， you from L。

 Shes like yeah， interesting。 do like。😊，Don'Care about the long response。

 That's not what you're fishing for。 Okay， you just want to do like poke， poke， poke， poke， poke。

 passionate， committed， and you will hook pretty much every single girl that you talk to。

