# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：25. RSD - 内场录像_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Ha是 gone。I how are youm doing good。What's your name？Yeah。

I'm not going to tell you my name why so if we have a baby， you can't find me Oh no。

What are you guys doing， We're just fucking around。Okay， I'm live。 I'mm。

 Where you What are you up to I'm going to sell to go meet my friend Wheres that that way Do you want to come with me instead。

 Where are you going I I'm staying at the marriott and I'm going back there because I I want to show you my pictures I have cool pictures。

 I cant Yes。😊，I was like， maybe she says。That'd make my eyes so amazing if you said yeah I can't where are you guys from I know I'm from Los Angeles Oh wow come with me to seller。

 come with you to sellers right now you're inviting me。Where are you。I'm going home。

 I can't go with you， I'm too shy。After that like right now I don't even know you who maybe I would say yes。

 I knew you What's your name On Hi O nice to meet you Nice to meet you。I love you， I love you。

weigh one we can hold in I'm very nice oranget no I'm too shy and their brain is insanely amazing。

Where do you come from？This row straight back， I don't even know I'm trying myself so y。

 of course you're 21。 you're a lot smarter than when I was when I was 21。

When I was21 I was a very bad man。Very confused。We would never be a couple Yeah。

 I have sex typically five times a day I haven't had sex in two days though trying I don't know。

 I don't know， I't know I kind like kind of like coming out of the haze once in a while。

Don't mind my car。 I'm sorry。 It's kind of。It's not the cleanest。じゃ。Drop me in a messy car。

S some respect。诶。Like that。Yes， I'm a ginger too。It's time。Real， are you real Yes， me too Wait。

 where you guys are you guys going to whisk girl， babe。

 I don't know where we going you can come Yeah why I'm sure you can are you gonna go eat crackers and cheese right now I dogs talk about We're not Mexican。

 we're Colombian。 so get that she straight。 All right， we're not Mexican stopping attracted to me。

 I'm only attracted to fat whites I'm not attracted and I'm I'm telling her。

I'm sorry to break it to him， but he's a cracker， it's cool crackers and cheese。He hates me。

 but he loves me It's like I hate and love Come with me now second night come with us two seconds。

Slutlu dog' really funny I think you're both amazing Swiss people I to take I'm taking you。No burger。

三块。Hi guys dog come with me dog look at this fucking s， look at this dog， look at her。

 look at this look， look at her。I mean， okay， it's okay， but not now， okay。

 can we meet in a different moment in different way definitely？😊，My friends are there。

 are they I knowt see you No， they can't see you hide behind me This is crazy。 It hide behind me。

 Don't let them see you。 I connect that I'm drunk， but I'm not drunk， so I know what I'm doing。

 I got to somebody， sorry。我觉东。Yeah， thank you， who are you？You'll never see me again。

I wish she would get laid， I'll let you sing whenevering because fucking me with the。

me text me and I'll text the back yeah， she's mine。 get the out of here。 You're done。

 you're done in this fucking town。 She's my girl。yy love， okay， I'm a nice man， I'mworth in October。

 What's your name alone that's a lovevo Ser like another flash you'll be fucking almost 80。

 an old dog about to die your only friend over sta soon when you were like 12 you're probably thinking or even 20。

 you're probably thinking man， I'll get married， but here you are。What have you accomplished。

 you're pretty vicious off the phone。Because I said so fuck girl， don't question it。I'm sorry啦。

Hug me down and stay on the phone and tell him that you're hugging another man as you talk to him and you hear his voice soothing you as my body sees you as well。

 say hi to my friend No。 How are you guys。 You guys are sexy。You my long last。

 I just feel it live your little boring life in your little gay clubs with a little gay boyfriend or climb over the fence。

 I'm moving to New York No， even more。 No more of a reason to come over the fence。 No。

 no one's ever done it ever No one ever escaped to gay club。 can' back never see that movie。

 shutter island No， That's you right now。' shut island。

 You stuck in the island because you can get over the fence。😊，It's hate you be cool。

 Don't embarrass me in front of my friends。 Go on the gum disgust。 you're done。 It was。 It was a min。

 It was nice meet you。 It nice。 people I kiss become my boyfriend。 I'm not like that trust。

 I don't trust。 I don't do that with the new person。 I've before。😊，Yeah。that over here。

I know about this afternoon。I don't know why I like you so much， it's weird。roofoftop。

 then we'll bounce back roof top。Come now with me， I do want to see you again。

I wouldn't be like an asshole cheat on her otherwise because I actually do respect the when I'm with。

 you got to be a little bit more real。It won't matter。 Are you bored。

 Have you been listening to this conversation， I him， ignore him girl。Hey， who cares oh my god。

 I just like left my。快回去。私は？🎼，W were already， it's too late give a real kiss， redtion redemption。

 you cheat it on a fiance on a shitty kiss， is that really what you want？走。🎼还有什么。One， two， three。4。

 five， six， two， three， one， two three。one， two， three。乖乖。4our， five six， that's not real。

That's pretty got it is。4our， five， six。7，8，8， nine。What's your name。🎼我你说。You're a joy。🎼。F。

 but I'mpress。🎼这个泡哪也。Yeah。Yeah。I'll be back on the track。No， I never popping out in here。

🎼Stavid I will make up down。Yeah。Thank you。That was shit。Hey。

inside of you It's just a dream nothing happened here。

 yourselfluck out here my girlfriend has better losing you That's okay I have kids。Do it， do it。

You lost。Okay， this is my attraction for you， died right now。

You just let' have a fucking does dead beat or white trash horn。A deadad B Y trash。

 that's all you are。Sotop fucking putting your little teeth out like a dog。

 think I'm a dog girl like a dog shit。Okay， I want to be the guy in the corner。shit。Get my name is。

begged to lick the shit off my di fucking raped a lion imagine you're back in time and it's like havenveman okay and you never saw a lion before。

And Sam lion of types of tribe， the tribe， and everyone's like crying and dying。

And yet a here am I and I run out I fucking tackle that lion and we've never seen a lion before it's like a scary cat so its like fucking tackle him and just like fucking rip his neck off and once he's dead I fucking claw fuck him。

I choke fucking。Okay， now even though I fuck him， every girl in the tribe is like， oh my God。

 that guy is the alpha guy even though Im fucking shit on my deck and they will suck it off one at a time because I'm that guy You're cute you know how a party What's you name Owen Owen Yeah who are your friends there how do you know them I don't know those guys this is my sister？

I'm not with you though。You lied dude you lied like can dude I can't believe you lied that is so fucking cool it story about two secondss and then I'll let you go maybe so tell me what was going on That's my sister Oh sister。

はい。Hi， you guys， Jen。Yeah， why is my hand on your but。 No， no。

 on my hand there too Yeah don't it Oh Sha baby， how are you， good， sorry for gring you， It's okay。

 How are you doing， Good， How are you， I'm fucking awesome。 You got to go， don't you。

NoNo do you want to come food Yeah， I'm not hungry What's that what are you in the mood for I not just like you just want to like be free Okay I appreciate the offer Yeah nice you're thank you from Miami now from LA。

No no， I had to be more Latin。I had to be like。I know already you know you'd have to like grab my ass hey baby can I you take me to no man's land？

Pick up girls office。Well， if I'm on vacation， no one's getting anything out of there。

 they're with those two。Oh， whoa， you guys know how to party。Yes， you do。

Who are you hi hi who are you one's idiot of the night like you were going to kiss my head for a second but sometimes I do the lunge makeout。

It's amazing。 That's weird。 but it's all about the moment right into my head。 Just talk into my face。

 for the lunch makeup pass right What if it happened。

 you would just be like into my head like that you Yes， say hey， no， they're both both mine， Julian。

 both mine， No talking into my head like that。 both Thank you Hi there， Who are you Hi， How are you。

 kind of fun night。It's time for a dance。How did your night go？It's not overly。

What are you guys up to tonight， let's go， Julianne？I'm dating a 26 year old 36。 to do it。

 I'm dating a lot of like 18 and 21 year old right now， I'm 33 as if you would fucking hate on me。

 Thanks for theizing at the bar to my right。 You can't get married。It's sort of。

 why nots I you want to marry my if I'm like really bad in bed， like I'm a white guy， you ginger。

 Yeah， my God， you ginger。 how do you guys know each other she I don't know she is the DJ at the lounge that I work at。

You bartender Is she coming I don't know。 Are you guys coming， Cafe Brazil， you coming tos going。

I don't know， we're still meeting。He just does a lot of fun， How so is she？Golden， she had one drink。

 one drink。All right， seat belts。What's the number cause of death before 35 you're like。

't care I'm a hot girl and nothing back can happen to me ever， never has never will you。あ们就道。

I don't know， why of them in actually。对。Yeah， I never seen a girl like you that worked hard before I know which is like youre fucking lazy shit rational I don't like to try to be like the basic bench where they're just fucking lazy I like to fucking work Watch Tony Robins video。

You did you I a that everybody has like multiple self like buried up in their dead they come I have a boyfriend I love my boyfriend Are you guys ever going get married Yes Yeah。

 absolutely you？不会。Noaughty， naughty， flirty， naughty， you stopping1， two。い。YeahOh。

I'm going to throw you over the fucking balcony。Look at that that's butter plant she used to be like a pancake gas。

Ca all naturalural。F， Its all natural all natural。 I don know I how didn't careard beyondtard。

Are you the guardian of the bar？Through are you。How are you。🎼Nice to meet you。

 Niceice to meet you to。You。niceice to meet you。I grew up in Canada。you ever you ever I'm sorry No。

 but I wouldn't go I know you're not a sh I'm a teacher How you really Oh see。Pucker。来。Either。

The restroom。 I get my number。All right， let's go to the restroom taking your sister to the restroom。

嗯嘻。You want me to take your number when's a good time to call you？えう。

I can't buy with it I don't really understand it。Get mad！Get mad。So we're crashing your hotel room。

Really。Are your princes judge me， no？Are you sure， my friends will not judge you？She's having fun。

think complain first， really。The 18th minutes you're still with this my。You want do something crazy。

 no， I'm not cominging， I'm not cominging。I like a crazy girl。Yeah。What do you buy crazy？Yeah。Oh。

Like oh my god， I want to like go home with y'all。 Can I go home with y'all。I mean。

 I know you like her， I do you like her。谢。あ。すかな。大丈ですかな。What。

This is mean't matterking around no I just you， I'd say hello， I never lie。

 I never I'm fucking star I have an 90。I love it， but what are your problems？I'm as， it's okay。

 it's okay， it's okay。Look at me hi hi are you shy because I've never talked to a strip before never talked to a stripper before yet you said a lot of your friends are stupids maybe。

You you trust me？You't you shouldn't trust me， some math。My basement。

