# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：7、开场_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So before getting to the whole opening， which basically is the first thing that you would say or do。

 you know， to start an interaction， I just want to mention that what I'm gonna to teach you here is the art of the cold approach as opposed to say the art of the warm approach。

 You know， which most guys depend on if you ask your friends， know how did you meet your girlfriend。

 You know， how did you meet Jenny here or you， how did you fuck that bitch the other night。 You know。

 it's like how did you pick her up。 Most guys kind of wait for that easy opportunity。 You know。

 it's like the warm leads。 You know， it's like， well， she was friends with Mike。 You。

 she's part of my social circle。 She's part of that girls social circle。 You know at the bar。

 she was buying a drink and I was buying a drink。 You， she gave me eye contact beforehand。 You know。

 there was something that kind of like LED to him going up and talking to the girl。 It's warm leads。

 if you will， What I'm gonna to teach you here is basically how to go up to a complete stranger work with cold leads。

 You're walking down the street， You see a girl， You don't know anything about her。

 How do you just walk up and just make it happen， You're out in a bar。 You're in an eyeclub。

 You can just pick the girl， Go up to her。Start an interaction okay。

 that is what the cold approach is and this is where we're going to break down here okay。

 you don't need the approach invitation， you don't need everything to be set up perfectly。

 you just walk up， you don't even need the girl to see you， you just walk up and it's like oh shit。

 you just appeared out of nowhere。I saw you seconds I know fucking I you interrupt the look you can look me。

 at me It's liked be like an old fucking man unless just look away like The first thing you need to realize is that your opener does not matter。

 your opener does not fucking matter。 remember that forever write it down a piece of paper now。

 tattoo it， repeat it yourself day and night， realize that it's not that big of a fucking deal it's very common guys get into this know meeting women in pickup community and just obses with the opening line。

 You know， it's like listen。I've never really talked to a girl before ever， You know。

 And I was just wondering， like， what is the best opener， You know。

 what is the best way to strike up a conversation， You know。

 I it going up to the girls and asking them about say， girly topics， You know， like Ex me， You know。

 I just， I bought these two beautiful little puppies。 You know， they're just so adorable。

 And I was wondering， what are some good puppy names， You know， what would be some romantic girly。

 just adorable names for these like innocent little creatures， You know， is it doing that is opening。

 just going up and， you know， like saying something about the environment， like， oh， excuse me。

 You know， I。😊，I noticed the floors are very clean。 Do you like clean floors。

 Is it going up and introducing yourself like， hey， I'm Julian， nice to meet you。

 What is the best opener。 And there's this massive fixation on it。 And ultimately。

 guys just can't move past it。 They just are so obsessed。 They're like， you know what。

 If the girl didn't want to fuck me。 If the girl didn't want to be my girlfriend。

 It's because my opener sucked。 Okay， and that is the worst headspace to come from。 Okay。

 realize that it doesn't matter。 It's never going happen。 you're gonna to see a girl， she's like。

 look。😊，I like everything about you。But that opener。I'm sorry。 I can't have sex with you or you。

 the girlss like， listen， I will fuck you just because of your opener。 It's never gonna happen。 Okay。

 focus on the bigger picture。 Girl are not like guys。 Okay， we see a hot girl like， oh， she's hot。

 I want to fuck。 The girls not hot。 F that。 I wouldn't touch her with a stick。 Girl are different。

 they're not like， oh， whose opener was good。 I want to fuck him。

 they need a lot more time to get unquote turned on。

 They need a lot more time to get to know who you are。 Okay， remember， guys are like a light switch。

 Girl are like a volume knob。 focus on the bigger picture。 I remember back in the day。

 this happened to me too。 I was like， you know what。

 what is the best way to open with the claw and this is like an old school opener or basically you would take your hand like this like a claw。

 and you would like claw grow in and everyone would be obsessed by like oh， you got to use the claw。

 If you do the claw well， you will get laid。 it's all about the claw。

 and I would just be so fixated on it。 I did even focus on the rest of the interaction I' like you know what。

 if I just do the claw right。 everything I take care of itself。 and I remember I was out of。

And he was like，You know what？What's the best way is it grabbing her hair， Is it grabbing her there。

 Is it grabbing your hand。 Is it when she's walking， do I grab her shoulder on the other side。

 Which way will get me laid。 And it's just the worst exertion of like mental energy。 Okay。

 the opener is shit。 Now， another thing to realize that kind of goes hand in hand with this is that remember。

 girls live in the emotion of the moment and they backwards rationalize。 Okay。

 so what does that mean， you know again， if you're fix it on that amazing open。

 Let's just say that you go in with the worst ever。 Okay say。

 you really take it like your nightmare situation。 You。

 you're like walking through a venue and say the girl sees you and you're just getting rejected left and right by all these other girls。

 She's like， wow。This guy， wow， tough night for him and say it's like horrible rejections。

 Like you go up to the first girl， drink thrown in your face。 You know， you go up to the next girl。

 slap。 You walk up to the third girl， you trip and like fall and you're just like limping up to this final girl who saw you you know。

 get rejected。 And she's like， wow， here it comes to me， my turn。 W impression。

 And you just like stumbleble on the open。 You're like， hey， and you say heck。

 throw up on yourself because you're so scared。Now， right then and there。

 what is she emotionally feeling like wow， this guy， oh， thank you。 you know， fuck off。 okay。

 your opener is not necessarily good。 but let's just say that after throwing up on yourself。

 you know out of nervousness， you suddenly just get into the zone。

 You know youre just like very on point。 you just start chatting like， you know what？

What's your name。 And you're just boom like just fucking killing。 You know， you're purposeful。

 You' control。 You're flowing yourself used。 And now what is the girl feeling。

 She's suddenly like turned on。 She's aroused。 She's like， wow， this guy's actually cool。

 And because again， girls are ruled and governed by their emotions。

 She's feeling that you're cool at that moment in time。

 And she will backwards rationalize and forget though you're open was shit。

 She will forget that your trip， she will forget that you got rejected all these other girls。

 She's like， damn at this moment， this guy's cool。 Now， by that same note。

 you could also go up with the best open ever。 Like， say you walk up。 and you're like， you know what。

 hey， what's up。 She's like this guy's cool。 And then what happens And you probably experienced this if you've talked to。

 you know， more than one or two girls， you run out of things to say things just fizzle out。

 you get stuck in your head and two minutes and you're just like。😊，Now what。

 What is the girl feeling， This guy is not that cool。

 And does she remember that your opener was amazing。 F， no， okay， it's always up and down。

 up and down， up and down。 So don't worry so much about the open。 Okay， focus on the bigger picture。

 Focus on what's gonna to happen after the open。 realize that girls need a lot more time to know who you are and move past it fast。

 I love you， Lord of the ring。😊，I love you and Lord of the Rings。Did you ever watch the movie？Yeah。

 they all look like， are you Swedish or Norrican？That's why you have like the sweetest eldest fans。

It'All like El。Is that good？🎼Good， good， good。 Can you say this is my favorite line in any language in the world。

 Can you say Cam modernern Eling， that sex and Eling，0 one。😊，わらない。I love it。 What is your name。

 I your name Marin。😊，What。まだ。开是点。Im manda。Now， what you're gonna realize。

 you know if the first few approaches， you know， trying to go up and open girls is that your mind's gonna come up with a shit load of fucking excuses。

 Okay， you're gonna to see the girl， you're gonna be like， oh man， like this could happen。

 This could happen， This could happen， This could also happen。

 You just with the friends What the friends come in， There's a guy there。

 What if he beats the shit out of me， What if I get rejected， You know， I'm gonna look bad。

 What is that girl gonna think of me， What are my friends gonna think of me。

 What is my wingman here going think of me， What am I going think of myself， Am I dress well enough。

 do I smell well enough， do I know what to say， am I in the zone yet。 How good is my opener。

 Okay like what about the opener， Ex， excuse， excuse， excuse， excuse shoved in your fucking head。

 when you're shoved in your head， you just freeze， you probably experience this before， you see it。

 You're like Too many options， Too many possibilities。 Which one stifled， You're fuck。

 come for that headspace， you can even try to go up to girl， You're just be like so indecisive。

 So stiff， then won't be that nice。L that nice purposefulness。

 you will probably most likely fuck it up。 Okay， so how do you prevent this， very simple。

 lower your time of reaction。That's it。 Low your time of reaction。 Basically。

 you see the girl and you just jump in before the excuses pop in your head。That's it。 Okay。

 don't try to prevent the excuses from popping in because guess what， that's natural human tendency。

 Okay， whenever we're faced with like an unknown situation。

 we're just going to analyze all the possible outcomes。 You know， like even me at this point。

 you put me in front of a girl you're like， look。Go talk to her5 minutes from now until then just stand there and look at her。

 What's going happen。 I'm probably going get shoved in my head。 Okay， at first I'll be like， oh。

 fuck， I'll go talk to her and all that nice like likesh， you know， behind it。

 You make me wait five minutes。 My mind's gonna start naturally being like， okay， well。

 there's the girl。Now， you could go up and say this， but you could also go up and say this。

 Which one do you think she'll like better。 Well， based on her clothing， she might like that better。

 Who do you think she's here with， Those are her friends。 How you think they know each other。

 How are you going to win the friends over， Do you think the friends are going to see you when you walk up What about this。

 What about this， What about this， What about this， And I will get shoved in my fucking head。 Okay。

 and especially with something like a cold approach， You know where you're dealing with the unknown。

 because who knows what the fuck's gonna happen， You know， going up and talking to a girl。

 We're always going to assume the worst， That's just humans。

 you don't know what's gonna happen in order to keep yourself safe， You assume the worst。

 you've probably experienced this too， You see a girl。

 you're just picturing all these horrible things happen。

 But say you actually try to go up and say hi， it's never as bad as you thought it was。Okay。

 your mind fucks with you。 So you got to move fast。 Okay， you got to be on top of your shit。

 You got to lower that time of reaction。 Okay， now what does that mean， Basically。

 find ways to just see the girl。Execute， Okay， now。

 what are some of the things that might hold you back。 for a lot of people， It's the whole。

 What do I say， You know， like there's this girl here， What's the best thing to say in this scenario。

 little what's， what's the best opener， Like this whole， you know， opener obsession again。 Now。

 this is your sticking point and you want to move past it。 Use a canned opener。

 What is that basically an opener that you memorize beforehand。 Okay。

 instead of being all stuck like， what am I gonna to say for this girl， You know。

 I want to be very natural。 You know， what's a natural open。

 I'm waiting for something to pop in my head， but nothing's coming。

 And you just take way too much time。😊，Memorize something simple。 Okay， an easy one。 Hey， I'm Julian。

 Okay， or hey， I'm dot dot， dot， whatever your name is。 Just introduce yourself。 Now。

 you know what to say。 Okay， remember， it doesn't matter when you say your opener doesn't matter is get something fast。

 So you eliminate that excuse。 And that just time consuming concern of what do I say to this girl。

 Hey， I'm Julian， excusecus me。 Do you speak English。 Okay， or whatever language。 you know。

 you speak。 get something memorized beforehand which is very simple and that eliminates that excuse。

 Another way is move fast。 You know， like to many guys， they see the girl and they just dabble over。

 You know， they're like there she is。 I'm just gonna to walk as slow as I can with no purpose at all。

 You know， like。😊，Zigzagging around， you know， like an hour passes。2 hours pass。 hello like that。

 Okay and its just horrible。 Okay， they think that maybe with time。

 things are gonna get a little better。 You know， like I'm just giving myself a little bit more time。

 you know， like one second，2 seconds，2。12。3 it's like fuck that。 Okay， when I see the girl。

 I'm thinking the complete opposite， I'm like， you know what， the more time I take again。

 the more excuses are gonna pop in。 No one is above that shit。 When I see the girl。

 I just want to go as fast as I can pretty much like sprint to the girl before the excuses pop in。

 now， of course， don't like run up to her。 although you potentially could。

 but just pretty much walk with purpose。 You know， like you see her first of all， straight line。

 instead of like zigzagging around。 Okay like boom straight line， anyone's in front of your way。

 S them to the side and just walk with purpose。 feel like boom like a nice steady pace。

 you know what you're fucking doing bam， hey， has it going。 I'm Julian， introduce yourself。

 none of this dabble， dabble shit。 Okay that there will just fuck you up。 And ultimately to。

 what you'll realize is the faster you move。Okay， or basically when your actions move faster than your thoughts。

 you know， you just can't keep up with what's happening， you pretty much get into the zone。

 You know you become very present to the moment very just。At ease and things just work out。

 A concept that goes hand in hand with this is not calibrating before but calibrating after the fact。

 Okay， like， don't try to create those perfect opportunities。 You know。

 like try to recreate warm approaches， if you will。 You know， you might see a girl sitting at a bar。

 says she looks a little sad。 You know， she's ordering a drink。 You're like， you know what。

I'm going to adapt to this situation here。 You know， I'm going to try to calibrate before。

 if she looks sad。It's probably best if I look sad as well。 You know， she's ordering a drink。

 I might also order a drink。 You know， you try to predict the future， you know， change who you are。

 you know， become like this little social chameleon in order to maximize the reactions you're gonna get from girls。

 Okay， so you might go up to her and be like， you know what。I'm very sad as well， and。

I don't know if you've noticed this， but I'm also ordering drinks。 We're both ordering drinks。

 We have so much in common。 Ham Im Julia。Okay，And you try to anticipate that。 You know。

 it's like if she's sad。 I'm sad too。 you know， social chameleon。 don't do that。

 The first thing you have to realize is that you're dealing with human beings。 Okay。

 like this isn't some little video game。 You know where everyone is the same And you're just fucking around at the circumstances here。

 all of your interactions are going to be unique。 And everyone is unique in terms of where they're emotionally at。

 Okay， realize that。 And secondly， there's always going to be certain elements of randomness。

 and any social interaction is always going be certain elements of randomness。

 El are just out of your control and that are going to prevent you from predicting what's going to happen。

 Okay now what do I mean by that， you can go up to the nicest looking girl in the world。

 say she's even smiling to you。 She's like， hey， and she's like very innocent looking and you say hi。

 And as soon as you say hi， what happens。 the fuck get the fuck away from me。 You're like， I'm sorry。

 I didn't see that one coming。 you go up to the meanest looking girl。 know。

 like just the complete bitchy looking girl just like blowing off guys left and right， you say hi。

 what happens。Oh hey， and just like extremely happy to see you。 Thanks for approaching me。 Oh my God。

 Just put your dick in my mouth right now。 You're like， I didn't expect that。 Okay。

 you didn't expect it。 and it's impossible to expect it。

 Okay it's impossible to again Pre what's gonna happen。 So don't even try to calibrate beforehand。

 Okay how do you know what's gonna happen by taking action and just jumping to fuck in there and finding out for yourself。

 Okay， and that's the whole concept here， don't try to calibrate before， jump in and what is opening。

 learning how to deal with what happens after the fact。 Okay。

 once you jump in and say she freaks out， you're like， oh shit now she's freaking out。

 and then you fucking calibrate， then you make it relatable to the girl not beforehand。 And remember。

 when calibrating after the fact about the three steps I covered when talking about social intuition。

 Okay， the whole pressure on pressure off。 Basically take a step back。

 Use a statement of empathy and quickly change a topic and act as if it never happen。 Okay。

 you go in a little too strong off the open。😊，The girl freaks the fuck like， who， you're like， hey。

 I'm just kidding。 I'm just kidding。 My name is Julia。 What's your name。 Okay。

 and then just wash rinse repeat。 Learn to deal with the bullshit。 Okay，Ultimately。

 that is how you just get rid of that whole like approach anxiety like， oh my God。

 you know what's gonna happen。 I'm dealing with the unknown。

 Its you basically reach a point where you just jump in so many different interaction。

 You had to deal and again， calibrate after the fact with so much bullshits that you ultimately reach a point where there's nothing new。

 Okay like， you know what to expect。 at this point here， I can go up to a girl and I can pretty much。

😊，You know， I know that I dealt with whatever reaction she's going to give me， okay。

 it's pretty rare Im going to say hi to a girl and she's going to do something that I haven't seen before with another girl。

OkayNow of course， everyone's still unique okay but there are patterns that emerge。

 and then you just have that confidence。 like， you know what。

 I just trust myself that because I've dealt with that before， I could surely deal with it again。

 bang and then you just go in strong know and you don't again like dabble over。

 you just jump in with such certainty and such again。

 confidence that the girl just assumes that you don't even know what rejection looks like。

 that's like a beauty of it too is like when you don't calibrate before and you just jump in again。

 you lower that time of reaction。 you have fucking confidence behind it。

It seems like you never get rejected okay， because if you did， you'd be like。

 like playing it a little bit more safe。 Okay， so jumping strong。

And then if it was a little too strong deal with it after。

 And don't be afraid of changing courses of action。 You know his guys， we're very logical like。

 you know what， if I'm open， strong like this， it's going to fucking work。 and you open。

 you're like as it going and say the girl's like like a little freaked out。

 instead of taking the three steps， calibrating after making it relatable to the girl。

 it's easy to get caught up and just being like imposing your way。 It's like nope。

 this is what I want to do。 this is what I want to do and the girl just freaks the fuck out。

 so going strong。 but really notice how she reacts you。

 this kind of links into the girl's buying temperature。

 remember when I talked about like the download bar， usually in the beginning of the night。

 the download bar is down there and as the night progress is ready for sex。

 opening allows you to kind of see where that download bar is at and don't ignore it。

 if it's the beginning of the night and the download bar is down here and you just walk like grab。

 she might just tense the fuck up。 And in that case。

 you gotta be like I'm acting as if her download bar up here。Three steps calibrate after the fact。

To adapt onto download bar down there。 And then throughout the interaction by putting the pressure on。

 pressure off， pressure on， pressure off， pressure on， pressure off。

 you amp it up till she's ready for sex。 Okay， but don't just try to impose your way。

 Like don't be like， this is what I want to do。 like this is my， you know， these are my intentions。

 You know， like I want to grab her。 It's like no， at any moment in time。

 there's an infinite amount of different things you want to do。

 Maybe one of them is grabbing her But if she can't relate to it yet。

 calibrate after choose something that she is able to relate to change courses of action and then slowly build up alongside that buying temperature。

 No。Oh it'll work， it'll work， I love you， it'll work come。I do two minutes。Does it work？あははは。

What's your name My name is April run Carolina that Im sorry usually I would actually spin。 I'm like。

 I guess I hold I'm not originally from here， but thank you opening is also when it's time to set the frame of the interaction。

 Okay whatever frame you set from the moment that you say hi。

 as you open is usually the frame that's going to last throughout the interaction。

 it's very hard to kind of change your mind halfway through because you kind mismanage the expectations。

 you're like， this is what's up。 actually， this is what's up And the girl will lose massive attraction。

 She's not like， hey， this guy doesn't really know who he is or what he's about or what he wants。

 he's not clear in that。😊，And she'll bounce the fuck out okay so what are the frames that you want to set from the start The first one is being man to woman。

 not friend to friend Okay it's very easy to go up to girl and kind of feel ashamed in terms like putting your intentions out there you know feeling ashamed of letting her know what's up like look I'm a guy you're a girl。

 I'm not talking to you to become another one of your friends I'm not talking to you to ask you for directions。

 for example， you know I'm not talking to you to you know be a little orbiter you know or to like just chat know。

 I'm talking to you to fuck you。Okay， and you have to be very clear in that。 Now。

 you don't necessarily have to verbalize it。 You don't be like， who， I want to fuck you。 Okay。

 I'd be like massively in calibrated because you won't necessarily relate to it。

 But it has to be very present in the vibe that you put out。 You know， it's like。This is what's up。

 Okay， don't hold back。 Don't worry about all the social conditioning you went through， you know。

 especially as a kid where it's like， if I let the girl know that I like her。

 people will make fun of me， I'll be shut down。 It's rude。 It's impolite She'll reject me。

 It's like putting my personality on the line。 I'm just gonna weasel my way in。 Buck that。 walk up。

This is what's up。 Man to woman， not friend to friend。 Now。

 this is something that usually is communicated in the vibe。 You know。

 like the energy that you put out there， you know， if you're very purposeful， you know。

 like you just like go all the filters， you know， you don't feel ashamed or like you need to justify your intentions。

 You're just very unapologetic， You know， you're a good guy， you know， you like sex。

 you're like this is what's up。 she can just like feel it off of you。

 But some ways to kind of amplify it are these， the first one is laser eye contact。

 soon as I open a girl， I'm just like， boom， laser fucking eye contact。

 a girl can pretty much tell anything and everything just by looking in your eyes。 Okay。

 if you're a little nervous。 So you're a little like tense。

 she'll sense in your eyes you little tense。 if you're trying to think ahead。

 like what am I going say next， am I gonna say next， she'll see it in your eyes。 Okay。

 if you're like trying to be ashamed of your intentions。 like， hey， she'll see it in your eyes。

 If you're like。Just like very steady and like， ahu， that's what's up， how's it going？Ba说 I go shit。

Mant to woman。 Okay， the other one is talking in a breaking and rap type toality。 Okay。

 this is the way that I'm talking to you right now where your voice kind of goes down at the end。

 Okay， it's easy to go up to a girl， especially if she's hot and kind of try too hard。 You know。

 Try for a portality where basically your voice goes up at the end。 You know， you see a hot girl。

 You walk up。 You're like。Hey， how's it going， Hey， you know。

 when you're like trying a little too hard， You can probably catch some of your friends do that when they talk to girls like。

 hey， oh you really， you like dogs as well。 He kind of like talking that tonality。 Don't do that。

 Okay， the one in the middle is neutral tonality where you're just like。😊。

Like neutral rapport where you're just like， hey， how was it going kind of like a robot is just very flat。

 The girl experience is nothing。 you want to be breaking rapport。 Like hey， what's up。

 How's it going， the way you talk to your friends， the way you basically like I'm talking to you here。

 Hey， I'm Julian， Nice to meet you。 What's your name。😊，Mix with the eyes， Okay， man to woman。 Okay。

 a girl's friend isn't going to be like， hey， what's your name， Okay。

 that there is something that a guy who fuck will do。The third one。Its physicality。 Okay。

 like being physical from like the moment you say hi， usually if you're again， little friend。

 you're not gonna be like grabbing the girl， for example。 Okay。

 I'll cover this in the next section that's about to come。

 But those three elements kind of amplify that man towo type of vibe。 Now， you don't need them。 Okay。

 you don't need to be all like physical to be manle women。

 but you're usually gonna need like one of the three。 Okay， if I'm just like has in my pocket。

 lace eye contact， she'll kind of know what's up and usually she'll just tell by the vibe you put out there。

 Okay， but you have to set this from the very moment you say hi， Okay， and really don't hold back。

 don't be like， but what if she knows， she has to know。 Okay， remember this when you're fucking her。

 she knows。Okay， a great way to kind of ask yourself， am I man woman or not is actually this。

 you know， and I do this every once in a， and I'm talking to a girl， I'm like， look。

If suddenly me and this girl were both transported in a room。

 say they were isolated and there's like a bed。 Would it make sense for me to throw on the bed in fucker or would she be like。

W。The fuck are you doing， If she's going be like， what the fuck are you doing。

 I'm not a man to woman。 I'm friend to friend。 Okay， she has to know what's up。 Now。

 the longer you wait to do this， the more awkward it's going to be。 Okay。

 if you go up and you're like， know what。I'm a friend， hey。

 hey how's it going and you start talking like that for like 20 minutes and then later on you're like。

 by the way。I have a dick。Okay， you started going in for like a kiss out of the blue。

 or you ask for a number， even out of the blue。 She's gonna be like， holy shit。

 This is not what I expected。 Okay， you mismanage the expectations。

 So if you want to get away with it of just being like。This is me。 It has to be from the start。 Okay。

 can't be wishy washy。 You go in。 You're like， this is me。 This is what's up。

 And as long as you're clear in who you are， the girl will accept it。 Okay。

 it doesn't matter who you are。 Okay， you can be like， look， I love sex。 I love to fuck bitches。

 She will love it。 She's like， oh， that's just who he is。 You can go up like， I'm a really nice guy。

 I just love to orbit and just be friends。 She'll love it as well。 What do girls hate。

 when you try to be both。 Okay， if you go up like， hey， what's up。 by the way， I'm also like this。

 She's like， and if you're like， hey I'm like this， but I'm also like this。 It's like， no。

 pick what you want。 Okay， realize， look， you're a good guy， you have good intentions。 You want her。

🎼Let her know。 What's up I'm gangster like dog think you are fuck you No roses。

 It doesn't deserve it。 It doesn't deserve dog。 another frame that makes a massive difference， know。

 interacting with women is assuming familiarity。 you have to set that from the start as well。 know。

 like most guys and to girls。 they really view them as like these majestic being that they have to conquer。

 know， it's like us versus them。 I up。 Im open。 and I'm gonna her the fuck over。 know。

 it's kind of like the enemy。 if you take like two islands。

 you kind of view yourself as being on this island。

 the girl is on that island and you're basically using game to get to her island and her over。 Now。

 instead of that， you know coming from that very confrontational frame。 assume that you're already。

On the same island as her。 Okay， you're already on the same team。

 You're already part of like the cool kids。 And you kind of just assume that familiarity。 It's like。

 he， what's up。 And you kind of treat her like a longtime friend。 Like you've known her for years。

 Okay the frames you said girls will always go along with it。 if're like man to women。 She's like oh。

 with this guy's man to women。 if you' up and you're like， hey， you've known each other for years。

 now you don't say that just assume in the vibe。 She'll be like okay we've known each other for years。

 if you go up and you're like， oh， she doesn't like me， she's like， I guess with him。

 I'm not supposed to like him。 so assuming familiarity is key。

 treat her she's like longtime friend treat her like she's your girlfriend like's it going boom she'll fall into that now it's cool that is well。

 is that you can kind of play with the social dynamics of her and friends， she's with friends。

 if you just walk up and grab her like's it going and it's just very congru。 very smooth。

 she's probably gonna assume that you know， you might know the friends because you so when you。😊。

She's like， wow， no normal guy would come in like that smooth and just acting that familiar with me。

 We probably have a friend in common。 and the friends will think the same thing。 They'll be like， oh。

 this girl probably knows him from before。 It's probably one of her friends。

 We're not gonna interfere。 know and you don't stand out that much from the environment either if you're like running around talking to all these girls。

 you're not like that little pickup guy because it just seems like you know everybody。

 Okay now that doesn't mean go in halfas you're like， hey。

 we're friends like still be like I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you but。You know， we fuck before。

 that's my other girlfriend， by the way。It's true， excusecus me。Come me， my girlfriend right now。

 shake her hand。 Don't embarrass me。 Trust me， She's Swedish。 she's Swedish。

 tell we've known each other for years。😊，Hi， else， this is my girlfriend。 to shake her hand。

 do it now。 When you open， what a girl basically wants to know is who the fuck is this guy。 Okay。

 like you walked up， know like straight line to the girl lowered your time of reaction。 You know。

 you didn't calibrate before the fact just jumped in like hey what's up， I'm dot do dot。 She's like。

 oh shit。 here's a sexworthy guy。 know like let's let's see what he's about。

 Let's see what this guy's reality is like。 Okay， that's where the girl's frame of mind。

 They're talking to all these different guys。 They're experiencing them。

 they're basically visiting all these different reality It's like， what's this guy's reality is like。

 You know what's this guy's reality Like， And at the end。

 they just pick the guy who has the most sex worthy reality。

 the guy that just gives him the best emotional experience。 when you understand this is a guy like。

 oh， she just wants to know what I'm about。 It's very easy to fall into the trap of being like。

 you know what。I'm just going to logically convey that to her， you know， being very logical。

 I'm just going to tell her what I'm about， you know， like listen。I'm a very intelligent。

 sophisticated young man。 You know， like I'm very emotional and very respectful。

 I'm very modest I very caring Im very giving and very loving， et cetera， ce。 know。

 this is my family tree， know， this is my career。 This is where I want to go with like these are my friends。

 This is who I am Here is my resume。 Okay thinking that basically that's going to tell the girl who they are wrong。

 Okay， girls don't give a fuck about that superficial little logical layer。 now， of course。

 it does play a small part but it's not that important。

 What they're looking at are these subcommunications。 Okay。

 how does a girl get to know who you are by emotionally experiencing you。

 Okay now how does she emotionally experience you by reacting to you and how does she react to you by you ultimately setting the rhythm of the interaction and being at the cause and not at the effect。

 so the best example I have to illustrate this concept was a client that I was coaching in New York City。

 Okay so is late at night， We're on the street。This girl standing at the corner with her cell phone texting her friends okay so I send him up I like know what。

 go talk to that girl so he approaches and he's like， hey。

 what's up I'm Paul okay so he goes and write bangang ham Paul， how's it going？Now。

 what does the girl do， Oh， hey， Paul， listen， I'm having trouble with my cell phone here。

 I'm trying to， you know， text my friends。 It's just not working。 like， can you， can you help me。

 Paul。And what does Paul do， Sure， of course， I'll help you。 What seems to be the problem here。

 You know， like， are you using a Verizon or you using A T and T， like， how can I be of assistance。

 Okay， now what Paul did here。 You know， if you take a from a social standpoint。 was the right thing。

 It's like a girl's asking for fucking help， help her。 Okay， don't be a dick。 What is society。

 say listen， be polite， be considerate。 girls having trouble with her phone Help her。

 but ultimately that fuck him up。 why because he adapted onto her rhythm。 Okay。

 So if you it like this。 Paul going up and introducing himself is basically， hey， what's up。

 I'm Paul， That's him doing。 Okay， that's him being at the cause not at the effect。 Okay。

 he has a certain rhythm， if you will。 Okay， kind of you like a wheel that's turning。 Hey， what's up。

I'm Paul。Now the girl also has a rhythm， okay before you guys have an interaction， you have a rhythm。

 she has a rhythm。You interact。 and ultimately， someone adapts onto the other person's rhythm。

 and you want the girl to adapt onto yours。 So her rhythm is， oh， hey， Paul， listen。

 I'm having trouble with myself cell phone can you help me。 Okay， hey， Paul， I'm having trouble。

 her doing him， basically being at the effect。Now， what he chose to do is adapt onto hers。

 sure I'll help you。 Okay， but what he should have done is listen， I'll help you。 But first。

 what's your name。And be doing。 Okay， why， because even though it's polite to help her out。

 she's not emotionally experiencing him。 Okay， it's kind of like， Sam' talking to you here， you know。

 through the camera onto your computer screen。 I'm the one who's doing here。

 I'm doing all the talking。I'm at the cause。 And basically you're at the effect。

 It could be you here on the other side of the screen。 It could be anyone else。

 I would be feeling the same thing。 Now， say you magically went through your computer screen。

 came out the camera here and started talking to me suddenly you're at the cause。 I'm at the effect。

 I'm experiencing you and I'm feeling very different。

 Sa if it's you talking to me or another guy who's talking to me。

 it's like I get to experience your uniqueness if you will。

 So when the girls there talking to Paul and he's helping her out。

 It could be Paul or any other guy helping her out， she'd be feeling the exact same thing。

 because she's the one who's doing and she's not ultimately getting to know who he is So you want to be very aware of that when you open and you go in。

 you have to set the rhythm。 You have to be at the cause。

 don't let the girl just take over the interaction that way。

 It's like you're the one who's doing you're on your path and purpose。 bang， bang， bang。

 and she adapts onto you。 now you do this until you reach the hook points and I'll cover this in one of the later sections。

 then you can kind of take a step。😊，can kind of both experience each other and build the interaction that way。

 But until you reach that hook point， you have to be again putting your personality out there。

 Okay giving her again that ride and that glimpse into your unique reality。

 Now that could be in terms of walking up and just being like what's up， I'm Julian What's your name。

 What do you do， like short， like break and rapport type sentences， like hey， what's up like。

 I'm at the cause， I'm at the cause， you're at the effect， like cutting her threads she's like。

 listen with my phone sure But first， what's your name， where are you from， I'm from here。

 where are you from， What do you do kind of like imposing yourself that way and kind like dominating the interaction that way where it's like look this is my rhythm submit。

 But it could also just be like walking up and being silent。 know for example。

 if I go up to girl and I just don't even say a word。 I'm just like。Whats she going to do。

 just find be like。What， what？What。What。Okay， now what happened there。 I'm not talking。 Okay。

 but I'm still doing my thing。 Okay I'm on my path。 I'm on my purpose。 She reacts to me。 She's like。

 what， what， what， and she adapts on and ultimately gets to experience me so you have to set the rhythm and don't fall into the temptation。

 You know just like letting her take over。 because it's very fucking tempting。

 especially if you're new， you go up to girl， you your fucking good reaction。

 she's like smiling like here can you help me with the phone。

 you're like she's talking back emotions validation。 and you just like let her take over。

 And you know you kind feel good because that guess what if you are she isn't you have to be doing give her that emotional fucking ride。

 and this is why self amusement is so important。 You know like being pumped by your own actions。

 not her reactions。 It's like you doing your thing pumping your own state。

 like my actions I'm doing I'm taking over I'm on my path I'm on my purpose。

 making yourself feel so good。 And then she just joins you along for the ride。

 and ultimately just gets to know you and because you feel。So good， your reality is so amazing。

 you are the most sexworthy guy around and she will fuck you for it。はい。It's just a dream。

It's just a dream of career。Who the fuck are you， What's your name？はいい。诶y。Be real。 Be cool。Be normal。

 none of that shit。What is happening right now true love or lost in a moment I this love at first sight I saw you I'd say hello Christina。

I look better without the headband but it makes me more obtainable， so I thought it'd give me。

s a chance Okay the headbands on the headband will give you a and the beard but that's why New Year's resolution not to shave this year but wait what's your name Christina？

Let me just take my hand over。Where are you from here， where are you from？

I live here now originally Switzerland it's east of here across the in Switzerland not Sweden know that smart smart。

How you here here here for a。What you in or。I'm applying to law school right now。I grew up here。

 I went to UCLA undergrad， and I'm also planning law school right now at UCLA， so I get it。

What about youSo this really covers everything you need to know in terms of opening and cold approach pickup。

 Okay， number one， your opener doesn't matter。 don't fixate on that。 don't let it get to you。

 don't worry so much about oh， what's the best opener， What am I going to say。

 realize that it really doesn't matter。 Okay， girls oftentimes forget about what your opener was in the first place。

 It's not the determining factor， girls live in the emotion of the moment。

 even if it wasn't necessarily that good， as long as the bigger picture is good。

 they'll backwards rationalize and forget about it' completely Okay， it's irrelevant。

 just say whatever comes to mind。 Okay number two， lower your time of reaction。 You see the girl。

Jump in。 Don't wait for all the excuses to pop in。 Okay， like walk with purpose。

 Stray line to the girl。 walk fast。 Don't dabble around。 You know。

 if you are still worried about what to say， get a canned opener and just get in there fast。 Numb3。

 don't calibrate before。 calibrate after the fact。 Okay。

 like you're never going to be able to predict what's going to happen。

 You're never gonna have those perfect situations。 Just jump in and learn how to deal with the bullshit。

 Okay， you're dealing with human beings。 There's always elements of randomness。

 Just learn how to embrace them。 That's what's gonna give you the confidence to just jump in with full certainty and make it seem like you never get rejected ever。

 Numb4。Set the frame of the interaction from the very start。 The longer you wait。

 the more awkward it's going to be because you mismanage the expectations。

 You want to be man's woman， not friend to friend， where she knows what's up。

 She knows what she's in for and assume familiarity。 Number 5， get her to react to you。 Okay。

 that's how she ultimately gets to know you by emotionally experiencing you and you have to be setting the rhythm of the interaction。

