# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：14、话术结构_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， to link together， a lot of what we've talked about up to now。

 because there is a lot of information and it can be very overwhelming。 you know。

 when you go out and start interacting with women， you know， say you're talking to a girl。

 you're like， oh my God， am my vibing now I it now time to determine the logistics。

 Should I qualify her， Should I make or chase Oh shit。

 did I pass the hook point yet Should I set the rhythm， my God my God my God。

 and you just like freak out。 So in order to， you know make this all a little bit more digestible。

 I'm gonna share with you， my very own verbal structure。 so for the longest time， you know。

 I'd watch my interactions。 And I was thought that， you know， my conversations were， you know。

 just very， you know all over the place。 like there was no pattern。

 it was just like me saying whatever I wanted to say just selfammusing。

 And although a lot of that is true。 there is still a method to the madness， if you will。

 And this is what I'm going share with you here， And by really know internalizing this structure。

 It's going to free up。😊，A lot of mental ram okay because when guys go out。

 it's very common that they just obsess about the whole， what do I say， What do I say。

 What are the verbals here， Oh my God， And that just stifles them。

 So by taking on this structure is training wheels。

 it'll allow you to just focus on the vibe focused on the subcommunications and not have that worry in the back of your head。

 So the first thing I'm gonna ask you to do is write down these five lines。

 Okay so pull out a pen and paper or open a little text file on your computer。

 now I know this can be annoying。 know whenever I watch like selfhelp videos where it's like you know what。

 write down like these 10 goals and stuff like it's very easy to be lazy about it and just be like。

 you know what， I'm just gonna think up the 10 goals， I'm good， but in this case here， you。

 just bear with me and write these down。 So the first one is hey， I'm dot dot dot Hey， I'm Julian。

 hey I'm whatever your name may be。 basically introduce yourself and write this down now， number one。

 hey， I'm。😊，Dot dot， dot numberumb two is are you from dot dot， dot。 Okay， here， I'm in Los Angeles。

 I'd be like， you know what， Are you from Los Angeles。

 if you're watching this and let's just say you're in New York， you'd write down。

 Are you from New York。 Okay， Are you from dot dot dot。Number three is what's your name？

Number four is what do you do and number five is who are you here with。 Okay， so number one， hey。

 I'm Julian， number two， are you from Los Angeles。 number three。 What's your name， number four。

 what do you do and number five， Who are you here with Write these down and memorize them Okay。

 now they may seem pretty simple Like you look at these questions。 You're like， well。I got it。

 I memorized them， but that's not enough。 Okay， I want you to fucking memorize them to the point where you don't even have to think about what you're saying anymore。

 It's like you walk up， you're like， hey， what's up， I'm Julian， are you from L， What's your name。

 What do you do， who are you here with， Hey， I'm Julian， are you from， What's your name。

 What do you do， Who are you here with， Okay， on repeat。 Okay。

 you just want to get rid of that concern of what am I gonna say。

 It's like these five questions are now on autopilot？ Okay， so memorize them now， Now。

 if you look at these questions from a general standpoint， What is your first impression。

 Bo interview mode questions。 Okay， if someone wrote this online， it's like， you know what。

 I walked up to her and I said， hey， I'm Julian。Are you from L A， You're gonna be like。

How the fuck is that gonna get me laid。 Everyone says that。 That's fucking boring。 It's a cool。

 where are you from Los Angeles。 It's like what fucking losers would say。

 how are you gonna stand out saying that， I want to say something interesting， You know。

 I want to be like fucking intense。 I want to be off the walls。 Like I want to say some crazy shit？

 I can't stand out saying these five little lines Like I'm Julian， are you from a， What's your name。

 What do you do， who are you here with， Okay fucking boring， now what I say to that is wrong， Okay。

 if you think interview mode questions are boring， you're just looking at the surface layer of things。

 You it's like， well， the content is pretty boring。 I personally love interview mode questions。 Okay。

 I use them all throughout my interaction， why because they're so simple， Okay。

 and because they're so simple and just usually very short like where are you from， What's your name。

 What do you do， who are you here with， you can subcommunicate， Okay， and the deeper layer of the。

A something much more powerful than if it were a long， complicated， crazy or， you know。

 interesting on the surface layer type of sentence。 Okay， so in my interactions。

 I always try to ground what I'm saying in these interview mode questions。 Okay。

 so when you look at the five lines that you wrote， those are now your pillars。 Okay。

 this is the foundation of the conversation。 And every girl that you're gonna to go up to。 Okay。

 when practicing the structure， you're going go through these five questions。 Okay。

 it's just gonna to be a fucking habits。 now linking this back to what we talked about。

 going up and be like， you know what。Every single girl， I'm just gonna approach。 I mean， be like。

 I'm Julian， are you from L A。 What's your name。 What do you do， Who are you here with。

 by doing this， Okay， you are setting the rhythm。 Okay， remember。

 you're just doing what you're gonna do。 You're not calibrating before。

 You're not waiting for her to take the lead。 You're like， bang， bang， bang， bang， bang。

 I' am at the cause。 you're at the effect。 react to me。 I'm cutting the threads。 I'm leading。

 I'm putting myself in a position of authority， I'm just going to do whatever the fuck I'm going to do。

 Okay， so those are the five questions。 now， when I talk about subcomicating something much more powerful。

 I'm basically were going to be focusing on three separate things。 Okay。

 and you're gonna want to write these down as well。 The first subcommunication is add to the fun。

Okay， adding to the fun。Number  two， challenging。Number three， commanding。Adding to the fun。

 challenging， commanding。 these are the three main subcommunications。

 These are the three main emotions that I'm gonna you know bounce around in order to get the girl attracted。

 You know to tingle with what she's feeling ultimately， So if we take these three， you know。

 subcomications， you can basically apply them to all of the questions。 Okay。

 any interview mode question。 So you're like， you know what， what's your name。

 So you want to say that in a way where it's adding to the fun。 You can go up to a girl like， hey。

 what's your name， Oh， cool， what's your name。😊，Okay， what's your name？Now， it's still purposeful。

 Okay， you're still， you know， breaking rapport。 Like， what's your name。

 But it's like there's some fun behind it。 Like， there's a little smile。 It's positively dominant。

 You know， like， hey， what's your name。 Oh， really， that's fucking awesome。 cool。 What's your name。😊。

Okay， adding to the fun。Number two， challenging， okay。

 so you want to say what's your name in a challenging type of way， you might go up and be like，  hm。

What's your name， you know， kind of like examining， you know curiosity， it might be like，huh， really。

 what's your name， a little bit more of like a push and you're like， hm， what's your name？

Is your name Julie， what's your name？Okay， something along that vibe there。

 The third one is commanding。 That's when you walk up to girl。 You' like， know what。

 What's your name。 Okay， remember ordering。 Okay， what's your name， bossing the girl around。

 It's like， oh， that's really awesome。 What's your name， adding to the fun， challenging commanding。

 Okay， Now， if we link these three subcomications to the five lines that we wrote down。

 Which one would you associate to which line， Basically。

 the ones that I would personally choose is if I go up to a girl。

 I'm gonna be adding to the fun at first。 Okay， it's like， oh， hey， what's up， I'm Julian。😊，Okay。

 so adding to the fund would go with， hey， I'm dot dot dot。 Now， the second question is。

Are you from dot， dot， dots。 And now and there， I'd usually， you know。

 do a little push trying to reach the， you know， sexual hook points where I'd say it in a more challenging type of way。

 Okay， so be like， oh， hey what's up， I'm Julian， Are you from L A， Are you from L A。Okay。

 then to mix things up， what's your name， I'll do it in a commanding way， a cool， what's your name？

Then I'll bounce back to a more challenging type of vibe where it's like， oh cool， what do you do？

And then to you know， rotate between the three， the last one who are you here with。

 I'd say it where I'm adding to the fun you're like， oh， it's awesome， who are you here with？Okay。

 and this is what it would look like。 Hey， what's up。 I'm Julian。 Are， Are you from L A。 Oh， cool。

 What's your name， Awesome， What do you do， Oh， really， who are you here with。😊，As simple as that。

 And really keep in mind， just how more efficient it is to subcomate those three things。 You know。

 the adding to the fun， challenging， commanding with those bold， short interview mode questions。

 Okay， like， how would you have the same effect with a long sentence。 Okay。

 it's like sure the long sentence might have more content。

 It might be a little bit more interesting on a superficial level。

 But it won't have that same effect。 Okay， won't hitter is hard than say， where are you from， Okay。

 where are you from， How cool， where are you from。😊，Where are you from， Where are you from。

 It's just a lot more fucking powerful。 Okay， so these short。

 bold questions or lines are what grounds my interaction。

 So and the ones that we just wrote down here are just as an example。 Okay， like with time。

 come up with your own。 You don't need to be like， okay， first， it's hey， I'm dot， dot dot。

 then it's oh， are you from dot dot dot。 Okay， like， practice with these at first。

 but then come up with your own。 Okay， it can be any fucking question。

 and this is the beauty of this structure here。 It's that ultimately。

 it's impossible to run out of interview mode questions。 It's just impossible。

 there's always another question to ask， you know， you're like， hey what's up。 So what do you do。

 She's like， oh， I'm I'm a nurse。 Awe， what do you like about nursing。 Oh， you know。

 it's just like a job where you can like help people。 Oh， really， so you like helping people。Yeah。

 you know， I really like helping people， you know how it makes you feel better， really。

 what makes you feel better about it。I don't know。 It just feels like I'm very fulfilled at the end of the day。

 Oh， cool。 Do you think I would like helping people。 I guess so。 I mean。

 who wouldn't like helping people。 Oh， I guess you're right， So where do you work， Oh。

 I work at this hospital over there？ Okay， so on and so forth。 Now on the surface。

 it's pretty fucking boring。 But if you're subcomic those three things。 You know。

 you make it a little bit more fun， a little bit more challenging， a little bit more commanding。

 suddenly， the interaction has a whole different meaning， Okay， so ask interview mode questions。 now。

 in doing so， there are two ways of asking the question。 The first one is asking her about herself。

 Okay， like， oh how old are you， You know， just ask her about herself。

 And the second way is asking her about yourself， You know， like， oh how old do you think I am， Okay。

 oh， do you think I would like being a nurse。Okay， and you can kind of bounce between the two different ways。

 Okay， but it's impossible to run out of questions to ask now， to mix things up。

 Okay because if you just go up and you're like， cool， what's your。

 you just stack these as we previously covered， it becomes a little bit more of like an interrogation。

 And it's a lot of pressure on。 Okay， when I'm walking up to a girl。 like， what's your name。

 that's putting the fucking pressure on。 And you have to balance the two。 So I'm gonna go up。

 And I'm going go through these questions。 And in between。

 I'm going to improvise off whatever answer she gives me。 Okay so if I go up I'm okay， what's up。

 I'm Julian。Are you from L A。She might be like， oh yeah。Oh， cool。 You know， I love L， blah， bla， bh。

lah， blah。 And then I'll basically improvise in a way where I'm trying to amuse myself。 You know。

 I might make it awkward。 I might try to joke around a bit， say whatever fucking comes to mind。

 And as soon as I run out of things to say or say， you know， she adds on and then add on a bit more。

 And then it just kind of dies。 I'm off to the next interview mode question。 Okay。

 off to the next bold subcommunication。 So it's like， oh， he， what's up， I'm Julian Ara。

 are you from L A。 Oh， really， that's awesome。 I love L。 You know， it's like。

 the place actually recorded this fucking product。😊，What's your name？Oh， your name is Julia you know。

 my name's actually Julian cool。 What do you do。Okay， and then you just keep on flowing that way。

 Now， the beauty of this is， first of all， you have the nice boom pressure on pressure off， okay。

 in terms of like the bold interviewal questions and like the fluff where you're improvising and you never run out of things to say why。

 because the girl is the one providing you with the topics。 Okay。

 you're just asking these interview more questions and she's giving you the answers upon which you can improvise upon which you can just create something out of nothing。

 Now， to spice things up a little bit more。 Okay， right now， we have the nice skeleton。 Okay。

 if you take a you know， like an arrow is the timeline of the interaction。 you have all of your。😊。

You know， interview mode questions like the five lines that you've you know written down。

 those are like the pillars in between， there's the fluff where you improvise。 It's like pressure on。

 pressure off， pressure on， pressure off。 when asking the interview mode questions。

 you do it by asking her about herself， asking her about yourself。

 and this spice things up when improvising you know in between the questions。

 You're gonna want to add some push pull。 you want to make it a little bit more challenging。

 not just always going with the fluff。 like just going with the flow of things。

 So what I usually tend to do is 80% of the time， I'm going to do a pull。

 we're basically I go along with what she says。 if I'm like， you know what， are you from LA。

 and she's like， yeah， I might be like， oh， cool， you know， I love La blah b。

 bh bh blah but the other 20% of the time， what am I going to do。

 I'm going to go against the flow of things。 It's like， oh are you from LA Oh really from La F you。

 I hate La。 like a little push。And that there adds some polarity。 It adds。

 you know those challenges like， oh， shit。 like it's unpredictable。 It's all over the place。

 And that's how I'll bounce you know， in between。 Okay， so 80% pull20% push。 Now。

 don't take this dogmatically， Don't be like， oh 80%。 Oh my God， am I doing 80%。

 it's a random number is just to give you a general idea。 Okay， and then what do you do。

 you just keep on you know， doing more of the same。 Okay， you just keep asking the questions。

 you just fluff in between， you have your nice push pull， your subcomicating those three powerful。

 you know， like adding to the fun challenging commanding。 overall。

 you're acting through the four pillars of inner game， You know， being like sexworthy， purposeful。

 controlled， flowing， selfammused And what's cool about this too， is that as you keep this going。

 the bind temperature is going up。 Okay， the more time you spend like the volumenob。😊。

The download bar， you know getting towards sex and by asking the interviewal questions。

 you also find out about the logistics， okay， so everything just comes together that way。

