# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：20、电话游戏_【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， once you have the phone number， okay you've discreetly asked for it。

 you know you've texted her your name， Julian， whatever your name may be。

 remember that the only purpose。 okay of that number is to see her again that's it the phone number is just the little bridge in between the first part of the interaction and the second part of the interaction。

 know， which is now split okay but that is the only reason you got the number and you have to keep that in mind。

 that is the purpose of the phone number to fucking see her again okay don't just text just for the sake of texting。

 don't just call just for the sake of calling okay that's the number one mistake guys make're like okay I got the number it's time to now just chitpped let's chi know they'll be like well I was eating a pizza they made think of you or like some little line like that with no purpose at all。

 the only reason you're texting her is to see her again so keep that in fucking mind because even if so you just start。

Texting back and forth。 Okay because girls will respond。 Okay if you just chat you're like， hey。

 what's up， how's it going， Okay， just like random little lines， no purpose。

 Of course the girl might respond。 Okay she's like oh， know a little bit of validation。

 you sure I'll text back with this guy now it's not moving the interaction forward you're not pushing like a call to action like let's fucking hang out You're just chatting but she will respond now it can happen because it can go pretty well you're like look she's texting back some more you can like show your friends be very happy about it。

 you're like look I have a hot girl texting me is that the more time again。

 you spend between the initial meet and the second part of the interaction。

 the more she's going to forget about that initial meet she'll be like well I guess he was cool but I don't really remember like what I felt。

 I don't really remember this guy's vibe。 know the energy what is being subcommunicated and you become like this little virtual entity it's like it's this little virtual entity。

 it's like just chatting with a stranger where she just。

Some validation or has something to fucking do okay so don't do that on top of that as well。

 she might get used to the virtual interaction。 and then she'll be like， oh。

 it's gonna be awkward if I see him in person。 it's just to chat。

 He's like a little pen pal little virtual pen pal or she just won't want to ruin it。

's like why don't want to ruin it， I really like just chatting to this guy if I see him in person and he's not as cool as I picture him or imagine him to be I don't want that either。

 So rule number one， you got the number to fucking。

 see her again and everything that you do okay on the phone should always be aligned with that purpose。

 okay is this moving things forward closer to that goal yes or no。

 okay your goal wasn't to become her new little texting buddy okay your goal was to be a real man be a guy whos sexworthy and go for what he wants And ultimately that is to get the girl and that is to fuck her So to build on this and in terms of how to go about it。

 okay。Previously touched on don't make things more complicated than they need B okay when you get her phone number and you text her your name。

 you're not like， oh hey you know， I'm the guy you met 20 minutes to ago you know I was wearing the black shirt Okay you're just like Julian okay just very simple very Blase It's not a big deal Okay so in terms of texting or calling okay because guys are like oh do I text her do I call her what's the easiest fucking thing to do in most cases text。

It's as easy as that you don't have to pull out your phone。

 you don't have to go in like some quiet area， you don't have to invest time just like talking like five minutes。

 just a simple text okay so I always start with texting okay so the first text was your name okay she is Julian okay just very Blase and the next text that always send is if I got the number in the first part of the night I'll text her once the second part of the night hits okay and then you can spend you know more time with her okay you can commit to that girl and ultimately go for plan A or plan B I'm going to text her what are you doing right now or where are you。

Okay， now notice there's no little fluff， there's no little chit chat， it's a call to fucking action。

 it's moving things forward， okay， it's very purposeful， it's like what are you doing right now。

 where are you？Okay if it was later that night or she can't I'll text her the next day。

 what are you doing tonight That's my go to what are you doing tonight okay， when are we meeting。

 when are we reaching the second part of the interaction now with this okay don't worry in terms of oh but is it coming off a little bit needy okay and you're texting so soon and you're already asking for the meat oh my God don't worry about that why because when you got the number you framed it in a way where you're like look I'm getting the number to fucking see you again。

Okay so she expects it。 She's like， oh， of course he's texting me to see me again because that's what he fucking said he was gonna do Okay and you don't have to worry about waiting one day。

 waiting three days。 just text her。 whenever you fucking want a text and usually I'll try to do it as soon as possible because as we've also previously touched on girls will easily just forget about you'll be so many other guys will be like Julian who the fuck was that already fuck it。

 I don't remember， I don't remember and there won't be that same leverage for her to see you again so always just very simple and sometimes I won't even put like a question mark at the end I'll just be like。

 what are you doing right now， Where are you， what are you doing tonight。 just very simple。

 very Sammy a girl and I'm like you know what have coffee with me tomorrow。

 let's hang out tomorrow let's have coffee now the next day my default go to Of course is what are you doing tonight you don't need to worry about but we said we were gonna have coffee you're the one who leads it's like fuck the coffee。

 I changed my mind the art of changing your mind。That let's do this instead and realize too that the only purpose of saying coffee was really to ground the interaction a more real down to earth setting and ultimately cement yourself in her reality as a real person not just some fun little emotion that she experienced while she was out okay it's like I'm a real person and we are hanging the fuck out again okay so you suggest coffee but then you change your mind so what are you doing tonight？

Now what's cool about this is when you go just very straightforward in Blase like this。

 it makes her invest a little bit more， she's now the one who talks a little bit more。

 she's the one who's chasing a little bit more so you can be like what are you doing tonight。

 she's like， I don't know， hang out with me I guess so what do you have in mind。

 have a drink with me。Where， where， what about the drinks， Okay， and she's kind of chasing that way。

 You're like， do this， do this， do this。 Now I'll keep things this simple。 again。

 every single text is moving it forward。 It's like， what are you doing tonight， Hang out with me。

 Have a drink this place。 Okay， it's moving things forward。 and it's just again， Bla。Now。

 not all girls are going to be responsive to this。 Okay， some might be like， no。

 I can't or it's just not enough， but if it is awesome。 Okay， so I always try for it。

 And if it's not enough， then I'll complicate it a little bit。 Okay， now by not enough， Okay。

 don't think that if the girl's like， you know what， I'm。😊，I'm I'm busy tonight。 I'm with my friends。

 I'm hanging out with friends。 Okay that there is not bad。 Some has to be like oh fuck。

 it didn't work。 It didn't work。 It's like no， what is she telling you， she's out with her friends。

 She's giving you her logistics Now what you do Oh cool you know invite me just like invite me or you what I'm out with my friends as well let's hang out hang out with me you still keep things moving forward that way。

 If the girl's like oh I'm staying in， I'm a little tired。 that's not bad either。

 what is that communicate she's free， she has nothing planned in that case。

 hang out with me and you repeat the process。 Now if she's like no， no， no。

 no no or sometimes she just doesnt even text back or she does， but it's just like nothing。

 hang out with me no， no thank you or just like again like just not moving things forward at all。

 she's not responsive complicate and the way that you complicate it similar to when we talked about the verbal structure with the strong boom okay interview more questions in this case would be like the strong。

Commands， you're gonna to add some fluff in between okay that's when you can start joking around。

 you can start chitchatting， you can start conveying more of your personality giving her even bigger of a sample but only if you have to you're not chit chatting just to chit chat here。

 It's like look I tried moving it forward in a way that's very simple very b it didn't work so only now am I going to chitcha and complicatedlic but there's that same purposes still to move things forward it's still to ultimately see her again one of my favorite examples you know to really illustrate all this was this girl that I met in Sweden was in Gohenberg it was the night before and I'm like you know what hang out with me tomorrow let's have coffee so introduce the coffee the next day cement yourself in her reality start talking about the logistics for that second part of the interaction and we agreed to me to know around 5 or 6 pm in this little area here so it's like awesome you know what what's your phone number I'll text you my name right now。

Okay I'm discet， give her phone number， text her my name the little Blase Julian so then now she has my number is well okay so far perfect now the next day I text her。

 are we still hanging out today now of course it's a variation of what are you doing tonight don't take this all dogmatic't be like but you didt text what are you doing tonight most of the time I will but guess what this text also is moving things forward It's like hey are we still hanging out today boom so her response to that is hey Julian。

 I saw your Facebook and you're not the person I thought you were and this is something I'll get from time to time have this Facebook page that you can check out it's Facebook RsD Julian and a lot of what's on there it's pretty obnoxious it's pretty over the top kind of provocative so that ultimately the women who will eventually fall on it are like oh my god you know it's like emotional spike and because I travel a lot that's really how I kind of like keep them on the hook。

Gl sees the page， and she's like， oh my God。 Okay， emotional spike。

 You're not the person I thought you were。 Where is the loving， caring。

 you know gentle man that I met last night。 Okay， so this is not bad。 It's still on。

 It's kind of like a little inside joke。 You know it's like， my God。

 where's the loving sweet little person I met last night。 Okay So if in this particular scenario。

 I respond with hang out with me today。 and it's just very b like that。 It just won't make sense。

 The girl is gonna be like， what the fuck wrong with this guy， she won't be able to relate。

 So in this case， yes， you do have to throw in a little bit of viing。 Okay， a little bit of fluff。

 So what do I say， I'm like， yeah， you know， a lot of that is just for marketing purposes。

 H out with me5 or 6 PM。😊，Okay so yes just for marketing purposes， nice little reframe。

 you know a little bit of vibing a little bit of chit chat okay if you just take that little bit by itself。

 there is no purpose to see her again there's no call to action but you have to do it in this scenario here and at the end what do I add on hang out with me5 or 6 pm call to action So it's like fluff chit chat and end it with hang out with me 5 or 6 pm now what does she respond Oh I think that works。

 but I have to hang out with my friends at 8 pm tonight。Okay， so what do I say， that's fine。

 you know what， let's meet at this intersection here。HaThat's fine。

 You know what Let's meet at this intersection here。 Fluff call to action Fluff， call to action。

 It's always moving things forward Okay so that is ultimately how you should kind of structure your text It's like try for Blas first if it doesn't work add some fluff but still move it forward and kind of mix the two together you tried b straightforward texting you tried throwing in some more you know a little bit of viing a little bit ofitch you know conveying more of your personality calling back to ways you qualified her reminding her of the initial interaction but even that sometimes is just not going to work okay so what do you do you call her you get her on the phone and on the phone。

 you can convey a lot more of your personality and the best thing about getting her on the phone is that you can change her mood that way and her mind will follow What you have to realize is that a huge part of flaking is just because the girl's emotions have changed okay when you met her you're like no。

😊，Let's have coffee tomorrow5，6 pm。 fuck yeah， what is she feeling， she's like， oh my god。

 I'm in the presence of a sexworth guy I'm getting turned on。

 you know my buying temperature is getting a little bit higher。

 fuck yeah I'm adventurous I'm outgoing let's do this。

 You know what coffee tomorrow done I'm putting it in I'm saving that on my fucking calendar I'll see you tomorrow now then she's feeling adventurous What happens if the next day when she wakes up you know。

 say she stays out late she's a little bit tired she's like oh so tired maybe she had a couple of drinks。

 you know she might be a little bit hung over is she's still feeling outgoing and adventurous。No。

 you're not even there anymore。 She's like， oh I just want to lie down a little bit more I just want to sleep some more and then you text her hey。

 so we're you still going for coffee。 she's like， oh no I'm sorry。

 the mind follows the emotions Women operate in temporary truths okay in the moment when she's like yeah let's hang out I want to see you again she meants but it's not necessarily true the next day。

 now you can influence that a bit just texting her and sometimes girls even though they're tired they're like you know what fuck it adventure let's do it。

 let's see this guy for coffee， but you will have much more of an impact if you get her on the phone and you start talking remember whatever you feel a girl is ultimately going to feel Now that happens a lot in person but it can also happen a little over the phone。

 know it's like say you have a friend is like dude。

 let's go out tonight and you text you that you're like。Fuck that I'm tired。

 It's just very easy to be like， oh no， I'm tired。 but if he calls you and he's on the phone he's excited。

 you'll get a little bit of that energy。 He's like dude， let's fucking do it。 fuck yeah。

 and you're like I guess so and it's a lot harder to say no on the fucking phone so that is when you call the girls like you try for texting you try to make it simple and if you can't fuck it call Now if you call and she doesn't answer instead of just giving up like like try to call。

 you know or leaving a voicemail which won't have the same effect know the reason you're calling her so you can like vibe and talk on the phone。

 you know like change her mood that way。 what's a voicemail gonna do not much。 I mean。

 it could potentially help， but it's just best to ignore that like voicemails thing of the past but if she doesn't answer what do you do call again directly after because you'll be surprised like how many girls will answer if you just call twice the first time if they didn't save your number they're like who is this like some random number like they have Julian in the text。

But not when you call， so if you call again， they're like。Who is this， Hello。

 bangang and now you have them。 So that's the way that I generally go about phone numbers。

 Okay just bze call to actions in the beginning。 If that doesn't work。

 I complicated a little bit more add some fluff if that doesn't work。

 I get them on the phone Now keep in mind that there are some instances where the easiest and most simple way is to call the girl for example if you meet a girl in the first half of the night and you text her your name and then say the second half hits。

 you text her where are you or what are you doing right now and say she responds because you don't have as much time okay to just go back and forth。

 be like purposeful， you know trying to find her at some vibing or stuff like that you know a little bit of fluff it's just a lot easier to call her then you don't have as much time it's like oh already second part of the night boom where are you where are you right now or you're towards the dance or you're towards the bar you're outside you're at this after our food place A okay。

 I'll meet you there。OkaySo in that instance there， calling would be the easiest， you know。

 simplest way okay so always ask yourself how can I make it easier。

 what's beneficial and only complicated if you have to Now the last text that I'm going to be sending okay and this applies to if you decide to continue the interaction another day。

 Like let's sing out for coffee tomorrow is going to be an hour before the planned meet okay for example。

 say I'm with that girl in Sweden I'm like you know what。

 let's meet at this intersection let's meet there at 5 PMm and we both agree at 5 pm we're meeting at this intersection。

 Now I'm not going to just stop texting after that and be like cool see you then and show up at 5 pmm hoping that she's gonna show up as well。

 What I'm gonna do is when 4 PMm hits okay like an hour before I'm going to text her you know what let's actually make that 515。

 I'm running a little late。OkayMo it back like 10，15 minutes by doing this。

 What do you do First of all， you remind her that it's soon time to meet because sometimes girls will just forget they' like sure let's meet that five and then oh emotion of the moment temporary truth and they forget So reminds her like oh shit I gotta meet this guy and it also gives her the opportunity to flake if she's going to flake versus just you know you showing up and not seen her it's like oh listen something came up I'm sorry you kind give her an out okay you don't want to be showing up like oh fuck she didn't even show up and waste your time So at least an hour before she'll let you know if she's going to be there or not so that's the very last text now if she's still flakes because this will happen to be like actually something came up I'm sorry don't get upset and don't fucking freak out don't be like I can't believe she fucking flakked again the emotions change all the time theres so many elements that are out of your control that have nothing to do with you don't get all piss and don't take。

P okay and don't call her out on it。 Don't be like， listen， I don't appreciate people flaking。

 you know it's like fuck that Okay why because what does that communicate you're making into this big deal It's like the date was everything to me and you flakked what the fuck she's like wow。

 this guy's taking things way too seriously way too soon Okay a lot more than I am He probably doesn't get that many numbers。

 He probably doesn't go on that many dates。 It's supposed to be lighthearted and fun man fuck this and she'll never see you again in that case Okay so the way you want to play it off is again。

 you have the 10 girls。 if she flakes。 you're like。Oh that's cool no worries。

 what are you doing tomorrow night bang and then you wash and repeat the process。

 you know what I'm out from friends tomorrow night， come join me， let's hang out。

Okay and then if she flakes again， oh it's all good and then after say the third time。

 okay if she still flakes， then you can do something to kind of you know。

 boom like hit her emotionally， okay， you might be like， I hate you。

 you add a little bit of polarity or again get her on the fucking phone okay but that is how you deal with once you're on the phone transitioning from you know the initial part of the interaction to the second part of the interaction。

