# 23、朱利安《PIMP》皮条客《独家完整版》：24. 我是如何白天把到东欧模特的_ev【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The frame of mind you should have come from when getting yourself into the zone during the day is as a few of you guys mentioned。

 talk to fucking everyone。Okay， again， you don't want to be again like like scanning the environment for those hot girls。

 If you do that， it's gonna be a little harder to find bunch of girls to talk to。 Now again。

 you're in Sweden， maybe not that hard。 But if you're walking around， you're like looking it's like。

 oh， where's the next one or's the next one。 Sometimes it takes like 2。

3 minutes and you just get shoved in your head。 You're analyzing on top of that。

 you're looking for those easy situations because once your mind starts looking for hot girls。

 You're looking for easy situations as well， you're like， but that girl's walking a little too fast。

 that one's the friend， that one looks a little bit mean。

 she looks like she's going somewhere and she's rushed。 And then you're like looking for like， oh。

 where's the lone wolf for the one who's not doing anything。 it's just horrible。

 so the frame of mind that I come from is talk to fucking everyone。 when I go out during the day。

 first of all， I'm not focused on pulling or getting the girl until I'm in the zone。Okay。

 I just want to give myself in this own unstifled， build the fucking fun。And then。

Go for the girl that I want okay and remember you can get in this zone by talking to ugly girls。

 hog girls， old ladies， anyone okay， it doesn't have to be just hog girls okay an exercise I do on boot camp if we ever do day game is that I make all the guys walk down the street and everyone who we cross。

 they have to say nice dot dot dot。Like nice shoes， nice shirt， nice face， nice this。To everyone。

 Okay， doesn't matter if it's an old lady， you know， a keep mother with her kid。

 it's like nice baby like that。 It's like a couple， a couple。

 It's like you're just fucking yelling it out。 Okay。

 you wantna basically get in habit of putting your personality out there and again。

 gathering proof that nothing is going to happen。😡，Okay， the more you do it， if you're like， oh shit。

 this is a little scary because again， during the day， there's a lot of social pressure。

 it does seem a little scary like this is scary if you're just like。Nice face。

 And everyone fucking stare。 And you realize， like I'm still alive。

 It's like you have the backup to now be a little bit loud。re like， nice baby， still alive。

 nice girlfriend， did you fuck because I did。 Okay， don't say that。 So guy like what okay。

 But you can be loud like that。 And you realize like， oh， shit， nothing's gonna happen。

 And then when you walk up to that girl， bang， you're in the zone。 Okay。

 this what I do if I'm walking down the streets。 Again， I don't just nationally snap into this。 Okay。

 now， of course， my default starting point is a lot higher because I'm addicted to being in the zone。

 But if I walk by， I'm like， oh， nice shoes， nice shirt。 Hey， to the girl。Okay， it's all like。

Hey like that For store。 Hey like most guys do it。 Okay， talk to everyone。 The focus is on you。 Okay。

 now understanding this。Okay， gathering the proof that nothing's going to happen。

 remember that this is very linked to the environment。 Okay。

 so you probably experience this when you're at a night， you go to a nightclub or a bar。

 you talk to a bunch of people there。 And again， the more nothing happens， you're like， yeah。

 you just feel very at ease， you just feel very comfortable like your assumptions switch from being negative to being positive。

Now what happens if you're in the nightclub， you feel bomb and then you go out in the street？

You're like， is it still okay in the street， Okay， it's very attached to the environment。

 So that applies to say， a nightclub or the street。

 but it also applies to different areas of the nightclub or different areas of the street。 Okay。

 so in this video here， what you're gonna see is the beginning of a， you know， day game session。

 and it starts off in like a Starbucks。 Okay， so my whole rationales look。

 I'm gonna pick the Starbucks， and to kind of propel myself into the zone。

 I'm just gonna fucking game in this Starbucks。Okay， that's how you do it。 It's like this here。

 this little environment， because it's so small。 If I just talk to a bunch of people。

 I'll get much faster in the zone。 than if I roam around in the beginning of the day and talk to a few girls here and there。

 It's this little environment is going to become my home。

 so I go in the Starbucks and we're setting up all the equipment。 so I'm here with the camera team。

 a couple friends， Alex is there as well。 And even setting up this stuff。

 I'm just like spitting out comments to the people。 There's like a girl sitting down。

 I remember when I walked in， I just walk up to her and she's sitting next to my friend。 I'm like。

 oh， he's recently single， you know， just so you know， the girl's like what。 And again。

 when I say that， everyone starts staring。 Then I turn there's another girl。

 and she's like again like blonde hair。 I'm like are you from Michigan， like yell her down。

 She's like what And again， everyone's fucking staring。 And what do I want， I want people to stare。

 and it's a little scary at first。 But the more they staring again， nothing happens。 I'm like。Okay。

 I'm the boss here okay I talked to all these people and there's no going back it's like once you do something that's so far out there。

Then it's good。 It's like you just jump in and then you can feel at ease。

 It's like jumping into a cold pool。 You're like， but then you're fucking in the pool。 It's fine。

 Okay， so just little comments like， are you from Michigan。 Oh， don't hit on my friend。 Oh。

 nice shirt， nice shoes。 Okay， just be a little bit loud。 Get notice。 Are you Dutch， by the way。

 where。😊，Yeah， usually the other does。What， no I'm sorry like you。

You have the Dutch or actually funny enough。Michigan。是。Damn it， I'm sorry。I love it。 New Hampshire。

 now， when doing this。 Okay， if you're gonna try to talk to people just in the Starbucks。

 don't go too extreme to the point where the people think you like some weird， crazy， know。

 psychohomeless guy。 Like you walk in you're like， do something a little crazy。

 Just take your pants off。 don't do that。 Be smart about it。 Just a little comments。

 Little loud comments。 Okay， slowly progressively desensitize yourself to that social pressure。 Okay。

 so that's my whole focus。 now， one of the best ways of getting yourself into the zone is through laughter。

 that's why the fourth mantra is again， How can I make myself laugh。 So in the beginning， I'm like。

 you know what， few comments here and there。 I walk out to the little patio area， See a first girl。

 she's Swedish。 and I walk up to her and I'm not thinking， oh， what am I going do。

 How am I going pull， I'm just like， how can I make myself laugh。 And that's my only focus。

 when I'm talking to her。😊，It's like laughter。 I'm like， start talking， start getting into flow。

 And every time I like laugh or say something a little stupid。 I loosen up a bit more。 Okay。

 so that's the focus in the beginning。 And that should be yours as well。 laugh， laugh， laugh。

 Okay and embrace the choppiiness。 This is important as well。

 It's like if you just go out and you're kind of in your head or your little logical or you just wake up and you're like during the day。

 You're not gonna be like like just talking and talking and talking。 Okay。

 your thoughts are not gonna be all there。 And you're like， she says this makes me think of this。

 this， this， it's going to be a little bit choppy。 You're gonna have to wake your mind up。 Okay。

 it's kind of like。😊，Then you get into the fucking zone。 Okay。

 so I embrace that instead of trying to be perfect， be choppy。 It's fine。 Okay。

 just add the humor behind it。 So you'll see me kind of go up like， oh yeah， it's a little。

It's not nice and smooth， but I'm just focused on having fun。

 I don't even care if it doesn't work with this girl， as long as。I loosen up a bits。

 He's recently single。If she's a Russian leader。嗯。How does it feel to not be Russian。

Are you from Waitade， Midwest song。Bidway。Oh， senses got me， too from Yato Boga。有。niceice I li。

 I'm not from Sweden， but I speak to it。 I know sinceca can be catica。 are you Swedish， too。

 some random girl。 What are you doing here。 Mo your sunglasses up on site。😊。

It was nice to be you have a great night。 is's really Marlin Marlin。😊，Oh， her name is Molly。

 Oh this girl。 What's your name Molly。Can I call you Marlin？ That's like my favorite name。

 Every time I go to Sweden， it's like， Marlin， you almost sinceca make de。😊。

Do you ever say Sanskaffr suckak deviica。Do you know what that means， sugar drink？Anyway。

 it's like an expression。 Apparently， it's like Swensscariica Ska delicika。 And yeah。

 and it kind of sounds like Skadika。So that's my favorite thing。 Do you sing the sun of sea。

So I talk this girl， have fun at some point。 My friends come in。 and you'll see this as well。

 Like they come in。 And again， we're just building our party。 We want to overwhelm this environment。

 if you get sucked into the daytime environment， that's the worst。

 it's even worse than a nightclub environment because at least the nightclub。

 it's still pretty high energy you're like it's scary but it doesn't stifle you necessarily as much as during the day。

 if you're stuck in your head during the day。 you feel like everyones staring at you。

 everyone is judging you。 It's the worst feeling ever' you're in that Starbucks're like don't belong here even if I do like this everyone's gonna be judging my movement。

 holy fuck， if I say hi it's as horrible you just want to over dominateinate you want to be that bigger party' just like yeah。

 we're loud， we're here yeah， and everyone's kind like staring。

 they just get drawn into that so my friends come in joke around a bit we improvising off of each other。

 It's like oh I'm like have you ever seen a gay man before。's like。

 have you ever seen two men at once。 me， have you ever had two men at once。 Oh you're Swdish。

 of course you have building up the fun that way。My friend， Nick， he's recently single。 we both nice。

 He kind of smells like sweat because he does yoga like Don't down Have you ever seen a gay man before。

 seen two men at once。 Have you ever had two。 actually Everyone has all them Now I find out that she has a friend who's inside who is ordering coffee。

 they're ordering drinks。 So I'm like， oh， build the a bit。 I'm like。

 where's your friend inside to say hi to the friend。 I'm be friend。 What's name。😊，I。

I'll try to be okay， she doesn't know yet that I'm an asshole， but I'm actually not。

 I'll try to be super nice to be like， you know no， Hey， hey， I'll be like， hey hey。

 she might do really。I doubt it。 Okay， now when I walk up to the friend。

 I'm already pretty much in okay， because I talk to the girl beforehand。

 So when I walk to the friend， I'm like， okay， with this one here。

Slow it down a bit in case like you， you balance it out。 It's like massive fun and choppiiness。

 And now a little bit less fun， but a little bit more of a relaxed flow。 Okay。

 so I go into her and I'm like， oh， how's it going。😊，And I focus on again。

 like just loosening the fuck up。 Okay， always monitor kind of where you're at。

 if you're and you're like very tense， just be like。Loosen up and just start being very， very casual。

 Almost somewhat boring。 Okay， again， you don't need that much during the day。

 It's not the action packed movie。 It's the indie movie。 even some boring shit， like， oh， you know。

 and I did this。 And she's like laughing like crazy。 So I start taking my time with her。

 I know that she's gonna go back to the previous girl。 It's all good。 loosen up a bit。 Im she inside。

 She said you fall love saw me and my heart I'm kidding。😊，You話す。No。

 I'm trying to think of a cool Swedish name。 I'm like， you honest or like， what， what's a cool name。

I know you your honey sister。My real name is Julian。 Julian， Jun。 The first words I ever learned was。

My favorite is puns， like dog。 H， I can be like， hunt。Like， what do you if I still， I'm like。Ps， oh。

 that's foot。But。That idea。And then the second word I learned is super bad， it's pit。Now， the reason。

 okay， the reason because I went to Sancapafica。 And I went up to Grman San Sccapica。

 And she understood the， she's like， what the fuck。 And I'm like， I don't know。This pizza자。And then。

It was。then at some point， they have a third person in the group who's a guy who comes in。 Okay。

 and she's like， oh， this is my friend， Andrea。 Okay， and the guy shakes my hand。 Now。

 what do most guys assume when a guy comes in the set。Deamog， oh my God， destroy him， okay。

 it's like no okay。Don't come from that frame of mind。 Okay， remember， the world is a friendly place。

 Okay， you're fine。 If the guy is her friend， you can't aimmo him。 if he doesn't like you。

 you're fucked。 Okay， she cares more about his opinion of her than yours。

 She's known him for a lot longer。 So the way I view it is like， oh。She's like our mutual friend。

 We have a friend in common， treat him like a friend。 imagine it's like your social circle。

 like you're friends with a girl。 She's like， this is my other friend。 You're like， oh， hey， man。

 how's it going Okay， say hi to him。Stay there a little bit more and then decide to bounce out back to the previous girl。

Go in and talk to her and then I'm pretty much a little bit more in the zone it's kind of clicks it's like the two combined pull them back to the previous I have her drink I'm like oh got your coffee。

 how does it make you feel？Totally jacked your drink， how does it make you feel？This is your drink。

 Its my drink。 That's also my girlfriend。 Then the other girl comes out。 I have both of them。

 All my friends left。 except for that guy。 I'm like， fuck， yeah， it's like， again。

 this environment is my home。 Like the Starbucks is my home。 I walk in。

 There's the two girls that I open setting up the camera equipment。

 Then there's the two Swedish girls here。 That's a guy who's there still ordering the drink。😊。

Of course， you're going to feel that easier。 all these social alliances to back it up and all the proof that nothing's gonna fucking happen。

 So then I'm like， okay， I can get a little bit more practical with this。

 now I can slowly start focusing on pulling。 So I drag Alex in Senensska。

Introuce him to the girls and then I see this other girl walking by and I'm like， beg。

 that's my girlfriend， run up， grab her in Ynk That's my other girlfriend， by the way。It's true。

 excusecus me。Come me， my girlfriend right now。 shake her hand。 Don't embarrass me。 Trust me。

 She's Swedish。 she's Swedish。 tell her we've known each other for years。😊，Hi else。

 this is my my girlfriend。 to shake her hand do it now。 And this is again， merging sets。

 It's like first Swedish girl， Second Swedish girl， merge， next girl， grab her and merge as well。

 Okay， now what's cool with merging sets is that on one hand， you can get away with a lot more。 Okay。

 like if this girl is walking by。 And I'm like， oh， that's my girlfriend。 And I run up and grab her。

 And I tell her， come say hi to my girlfriends。😊，Okay。

 it's it's a lot easier to not be attached to the outcome。 It's not like， come say hi to me。 Okay。

 it's like， come say hi to my girlfriend over there and she looks。

 and there's like two fucking hot girls and Alex expecting her to come and say hi。

 There's a lot more social pressure。 It's like you better fucking do it because you're not just gonna disappoint me。

 You're gonna disappoint them as well。 So there's a little bit more pressure And because you're not attached to the outcome。

 you can get away a lot more like physically just grabbing her。 Okay。

 I'm also congruent at that point because I built up to it。

 You probably experience this if you open a girl for your friends。 You're like， hey， come， my friend。

 you can get away with a lot more。Okay， so。Drag her in。 And then I'm in the zone。 I'm like， boom。

 this is fucking awesome。 The guy comes in。 I start introducing everyone to everyone。 It's like。

 you're the boss there。 And then'm like， okay， this girl， okay， the last1， I'm like。

 I choose her I' like， okay， what are you doing now。 She's like， I'm going to H And M。 Come bangang。

 bounce off。 I'm a rapist。 I'm a rapist。 I have Aids。 I have rap little babies。Like that every day。

 how does it make you feel you close to a break this？This is my dear friends we just got back crazy。

ThatsSo bad。But yeah， where are you going right now， I It's H， Take me with you。Goodbye， asking。可的。

He's yeah。 come with me now， woman now。And really view to from that girl's perspective， she's like。

 who the fuck is this guy Like she instead of being like again。

 the lone wolf like just like roaming the streets， she sees me with like two fucking ho girls。

 just killing it。 drager off a bit。 And then funny enough。

 the guy whos in the previous group follows me and number closes me in a very straight nonga way。

 even he is like， who the fuck， this guy talking everyone。 What does the girl say。

 Oh my God is getting number close by the guy。 What the fuck， Oh my God。

 And you're just fucking on point。 live over here here Yeah， man， for sure。

'm we do so there's one of the ways of getting yourself in the zone。

 It's like start talking to everyone， start merging sets。 make it funny when you merged sets too。

 It's like， hey， come say my girlfriend。 Hey， it's my girlfriend。 bang。

 interesting to just have that way。 Okay， build the fun。 And then you just like at ease。

 You know all these people， It's like a friendly pace。 not everyone is judging you。

 Everyone's probably envious too。 That's what I tell myself， it's like， look around。

 Most people like if you're in a Starbucks like。😊，Waiting for their drink。

 everyone's stifled as well， you're just like a， it's fine okay and laugh at yourself if it's ridiculous just fucking laugh because that helps you loosen up as well。

