# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：15.你本来就是这样的人【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

We spoke about the definition of strength of reality。And when we talked about that。

We define it as like how firm you are in your beliefs。 You guys remember that。

 How firm are you in your beliefs， and then how much that rock solid。

 fixed sense of certainty draws other people into your world。

 So that was like a surface level definition。Of having a strong reality。

 But I want to now expand that definition。 Okay， I want to take that definition to the next level for you guys。

If you've never considered it like this before， you're going to start thinking about people you know and you may start to laugh。

There's two different ways that people can have a strong reality。One is like this。

Heres their knowledge like that。All right。If that's the way that your mind is set up。😡，Okay。

 what happens if you knock out one of the pillars。Does it fuck the whole deal？😡。

Here's what a lot of people who have very firm realities are like， including a lot of。

Very hard headed leaders in like certain like if you guys ever heard of like very ego based CEOs or like political leaders like who are just so stuck in their own reality。

Their sense of reality looks more like this。And maybe even like this。So what's going on here。

 They've linked it together in a web。One way， and this is absolutely fascinating that human beings do this。

 and after we talk about it， I would ask you guys to go out and look at people or it yourself。

 of course， at yourself， to see if you can observe it。😡。

What some people do in order to make their reality stronger。

 to give themselves a stronger sense of certainty is they will continually link up one belief to another belief。

 So they'll say。They'll say， well， of course， that's going to work。 I did this。 And if that's true。

 then this has to be true。You guys see that？ Have you guys ever known someone who say。

Okay I got really let me just strain for like we come up with some examples if you guys have favorite examples。

 throw your hands up。Say that somebody says。I mean， take a simple thing like， you know。

 I could never suffocate because I need to breathe。

So you want to believe that oxygen is going to be an abundance because you feel the need that you have to be able to breathe。

 Well， it's the same thing if you tell somebody。Of course it it's similar to that course Yeah。

 like do you guys remember how I talked about the opaque wall of judgments， comparisons。

 interpretations and labels？Well， if you're always trying to put labels on things like seeking security。

 say， look， there's this label here and that relates to this and that label relates to that， like。

 okay， think about a pickup method， right， Okay， well， if girls think like this。Then in that case。

 we will pick up girls by doing X， Y and Z。 You guys see them saying。 like we're like， okay， okay。

 great example。 Remember how I talked about a lot of pickup models。

 It's like the man is down here and the woman is up here， So basically coming from that beliefs set。

 you have all these beliefs that are attached onto that。 So if you tell them no men are up here。

 Then all those other beliefs are getting mixed out。 So they're not going to be able to hear that。

 right， they're not going to be able to listen to that， Because what they're doing instead。

 Do you want to know what human beings do instead。They're continually。

 We are continually seeking validation of our existing beliefs， aren't we。

 How excited are you to find out like， hey， woo who， yippi。

 I just found out that some stuff I thought was wrong。Ptty excited。 Yeah， yeah， yeah， actually。

 I rise the wrong crowd。 that one。 wrong crowd。 All right， Look， most people， though。

 do most people want to find out they're wrong or most people excited that they're wrong。

 Most people are a lot more excited going， What's people say it was。

 I told you so I told you so I have a friend who ends every sentence withs like yeah。

 I think this And that's the way it is period Y's like some people cannot tolerate ambiguity。

 Have you guys ever known someone with a very strong reality。 He's very persuasive。

 but he's not capable of tolerating ambiguity。 It's either it's like this or it's like this。

 but they don't like that ambiguity because here's what's happening。Like I said。

When we have this kind of reality。You can mix out one principle。 It's like， oh。

 I was wrong about that。 Okay， boom， but all this other stuff is still intact。

 Does that sound like a strong reality， really， right Other people。😡。

If you ni out one part of the reality。Well， guess what？This line was attached to this。

 and that lines attached to that and that line's attached to that and to that。

 And those lines are attached to that and to that and to that。

 So they're not capable of having a shift in their thinking because you would be threatening too much。

😡，And guess what guys？Whether or not people get stuck in these kind of strategies。

Is very arbitrary because unless you've been taught this in grade school or something。

How are you going to know not to unconsciously attach your beliefs together in a web？Like。

 I think I'm unconsciously attaching my belief systems together in a web。

 and I'm being close mindded。 I better stop doing that。

 No one's going to know that they're not supposed to do that。 So， of course。

 they're not going to know that they're doing it。 So now they're stuck。

 And this is what creates very difficult people。 And this is also why somebody like the coolest。

 most high status people， you know， are really hard to get along with。

Have you guys ever known a guy who's really good with girls。

 but he's got this thick ego that you're always talking through。

 this thick frame of reality that you're always talking to。 Yeah。

 like you can't just talk to him openly right because he'll be like， no， no， no。

 right he's actually trying shut down your belief about this or that because you're messing with it。

 but see a system of beliefs like this tends to be very strong like on a certain level。😡。

That tends to be really， really strong， like you can get a really hardheaded dude like this real hardcore extreme thinking dude who with women can be very successful。

Look。Yeah I mean。Have ever you guys remember the example that I gave in foundations about like the delusional confidence guy。

 the calibration guy， and then like that third type of guy， guys remember that one？

For those of you who haven't seen foundations， the 3 secondnd explanation is this On one side。

 you have the delusional confidence guy。 His style pickup works like this。 He walks up to the girls。

 he approaches and he's talking to them， And if they give him negative feedback。

 he doesn't see it right because he has delusional confidence， He has what's called blind spot。

 you guys know what a scoma is， Did I say that properly， Sckaoma。

 I've read the term I've never said it before I don't think。What's a s scoma guys， spot。

 It's a blind spot。 What a blind spot is， is like， say a guy's real cool。

 Say he's got that web of beliefs right there。 He's gonna throw up blind spots to anything that doesn't feed into his existing beliefs。

 So his belief system is like， I'm God's gift to women。 I'm God's gift to women。 and he walks up。

 He's like， hey， right， starts talking。 and then she gives negative feedback。

 He has a blind spot towards that。 As a result， his state stays firm。 He holds state。

And say that the girl kind of dislikes him， but the interaction still goes anyway。

 like you know how a girl could hate you， but you still talk at least for a little bit。

 And then slowly what happens is because he maintains his state。

 he has a dominant reality and sucks her into his state。

 So that's like the natural style right Then you have guys that have a very weak reality。

 like they don't have any blind spots right they can see they are like social feedback junkies， Aka。

 a response junk。 you guys have heard the expression， a response junkie， got reaction seeker。

 all right， addicted to response。 They see every little thing。 they can see every little response。

 total social calibration and they hate it。Most people who have that。

 who can see all the negative responses， they get shy， but sometimes they get creative。😡。

And what do they do， They come up with the perfect line for every situation， the perfect opener。

 the perfect followup， if she says this， you say this， if she's giving this reaction。

 you give the shorter version of the pickup line。 if she's giving that reaction。

 you give the longer version of the pickup line and it's all good right But the thing is when he goes in there and he's running his lines。

 if he doesn't get the reaction， what happens to his state drops right yeah so then he gets blown out on the other hand。

 let's get another example。 let's say that the delusional confidence guy， he's being cool。

 but his delusional confidence， he's just too off the mark。

 he's just like you know how like he's too socially out of step if you guys ever heard that expression being socially out of step。

 he's just too socially out of step。 for example， a lot of vagrantance have delusional confidence right but they're too far off the mark。

 like you know you can be off the mark to an extent。 But if you're so far off the mark。

 you you look mentally ill or crazy or weird。Like not like cool， weird， but like just fucking weird。

 weird。 All right， okay In that case， you're too off the mark。

 So say the delusional confidence guy goes up。 He's talking to the girl and he's just too off the mark。

 even though he holds his state， they just blow him off。 Meanwhile， maybe the other guy who's like。

 you know who has a little line for everything， he goes up， He doesn't get the good reaction。

 But he's got that perfect comeback， and then he does get it。 All right。

 So do you guys see how this pros and cons to like looking for that validation。

 looking for reaction or just having total blind spots to it， or what's the solution then。Well。

 there's a guy right guys in the I think for a while for that second guy superlibrated for everything then they get to a point where letting go of thatactivity they natural because they have core confidence but it's not yeah the ideal guy in the community absolutely Yeah。

 one the success stories absolutely and that's the thing we call the third guy。

 which is the guy who's capable of like he can see the negative social feedback。

 but he doesn't like focus on it kind like what you were saying someone's trying to fuck up your shit。

 and you might know that they're doing it， but it's just so you've made the distinction that it doesn't matter like you've made that like you know this doesn't matter at this point。

 I'm not gonna focus on it whatever right so you can hold your state up。 But meanwhile。

 maybe you also know how to calibrate to a certain extent。 All it's a mix。

 that's that blessed third guy。 All right not just blind spots not not just a hyper calib and a response。

But that third guy， he has the strength on both sides。Anyway， look。

 this is sort of an interesting thing。Keep your eyes open for people who have this type of concept of reality。

So what direction does that bring us in？First of all， it redefines our concept of a strong reality。

 doesn't it？Because somebody who has that type of reality。😡，Number one， they have a strong reality。

 but number two， it's actually weak。 Have you guys ever heard the concept that the more rigid the structure。

 the less adaptable it is。Let's say that you have。😡，Let's say that life is like a path。 And at first。

 the path is nice and wide， right， And here's your belief structure。

But let's say that then it narrows。Like that。 And this is your big belief structure。

 it comes over here， what happens。It crumbles。Right？From an evolutionary standpoint。

 the more rigid the structure， the more likely it is to crumble。 that's when we talk about the ego。

 when you have this grand concept of who you are and suddenly you get feedback that shows that you're not that person。

 your sense of self crumbles。😡，This is actually comes back to the old Eastern philosophy expression。

 does anyone can anyone name it？Is that a easier problem？No， I like that。 Yeah。

 maybe it is go but look， yeah， spit that out loud， loud。 Yeah， say it loud to them。 Yeah， be water。

 All right， be water， All right， which basically means。You don't have that rigid structure。

 How does that apply in martial arts， by the way， guys。

 can anyone explain how that applies in martial arts？😡，Noreist。Non-resistance， y。

 basically in martial arts， and you can read about this in a book called Je Kunddo by Bruce Lee。

 what he's basically saying is this， say that you have a concept of what fighting is like。

 you're like， okay， well， most people punch like that。 And when they punch like that。

 I do this response。 and when they punch like that I do this response and then you get into a real fight in the real world。

 if they don't attack you the way that youre expecting。

Your whole sense of self gets crumbled because you had invested your ego into your martial arts method。

 and so what happens is you crumble all right， now that was an idea in a book called G Kondo by Bruce Lee。

 really fascinating idea and kind of revolutionize the martial arts world from my understanding of it at least So look。

😡，Two concepts of a weak reality and a strong reality。 Okay， One is， yeah。

 you have a strong belief system。 The other， though， is a flexible belief system that can go。

Through an impasse。All right， so the next concept that we have。

It's called altering perception to preserve the map， reordering perception to preserve the map。😡。

It is。A concept that's so important that I'm going to ask you guys to just indulge me and humor me and repeat after me。

 Okay so first I'm going to say and that you guys are going to repeat it。

 reordering perception to preserve the map。😡，Reor。Grmma say again。

 reordering perception to preserve the map。😡，Great。People do this all the time。 Let me tell you。

 So let's talk about a skill set。The ability to quickly sift through ideas and either take them on or reject them is actually a strength in a skill。

 In fact， even beyond that。The more adaptable that you are in allowing conflicting or paradoxical realities to exist in your mind without being shut down by them。

The more readily you can jump between maps。And where other people would fall flat on their face。

 you will stand。So， look。Let's look at some examples of paradoxical realities Do you guys remember how I spoke about how people will rational will oftentimes rationalize right。

 they'll rationalize and do it in their best interest。

 so that's one concept of reality right but do you remember how I also talked about how when you view the best in people and you see the best in all people even seeing yourself in all people that people will be very positive and you want to believe the best from individuals you guys remember that Paradoxical or no。

😡，Yes。It certainly has paradox on the surface， right？😡。

How about a concept like see yourself in others， being a part of the whole versus something like or maybe a Richarder Dawkins type reality or Matt Ridley type type reality where we say the selfish gene。

😡，Right， and how people do what's in their best interest。 Paradoxic school on the surface。 All right。

 isn't that， that's a tough one， Have you guys ever met someone who's really into that whole evolutionary thing and really believes that their whole life is about survival and replication and that they have to like get ahead and like it's like a Macchchiavvillian type concept。

 right， It's very interesting because you see， I mean。

Different people have different sides of personality。 Sometimes people can show one side。

Sometimes people can show another。But whenever I've seen people indulge in that。

During the time they are indulging in it。They seem so empty。I mean， from what I've seen。

 I remember seeing Richard Dawkins himself on the Colbert Report。And you know。

 he's talking and you know， he's saying， you know， people have their selfish intentions and that's how you know they get sex and stuff like that。

 and I'm looking at Dawkins himself。And I'm like， you know， this guy's an amazing scientist。

 and amazing man on all levels and a guy who I would be honored to meet。

 but I don't think that Jews get laid。You know I'm saying right that wasn't the impression that I had。

 He seemed very rigid。 I would actually love the opportunity to take him out to a nightclub， really。

 you know I'm saying right， and to learn a million things from him。

 I'm sure he probably has no interest， but I'm just saying that， you know， I mean。

 he's a man of science and he's taken that path I have nothing but respect， But the point is is that。

There's something about someone who interprets the world through that， like， oh。

 everyone's selfish and trying to get there。 It's I' got to try and get mine。

 There's just something inherently whack。About that。 All right。

 And so we have to be able to handle those paradoxical realities。 All right， then on one level。

 we can look at something like the selfish gene。 And on another level。

 we can see ourselves in others and not be thrown off by that。 like not needing to resolve it。

 if that makes sense， not needing to go right like and having it to make sense。Why is that。

 Because the map is not the territory You guys ever heard that。 Yeah， every it's an NLP term。

 The map is not the territory。 Every concept of reality that we have iss just a concept， right。

 It's like it's a label on the reality。 It's not the reality itself。 So as great as a map can be。

It only has it's limited right It's finite in its ability to give you a knowledge of what you're looking at by the way。

 Bruce did do you have a question I was to say it was actually very similar myself I used to look at from the evolutionary point of view would be beneficial and I think oh。

 I should do that rather than following my heart and actually it wass just a defense way of not having to get in touch with myself so intellectually say oh。

 this must be the right thing for me to do whereas in fact what I really want to do with something different paradoxical things that flash that I hadn't。

one rather than tough one for me， too， you know， because when you go out and you do this。

 and I know you' be out a long time， you see。You see so much that validates evolutionary the like。

 wow， you know， I mean， it's like this makes sense。

 like when you see the re activation system stuff at work and how people go to where the value is and how people follow with the warm end of the pool。

 you are like damn like this evolution stuff makes just so much sense。

 And I believe in this wholeheartedly。 and I guess this is just what life is。

 I guess we really just are these little stimulus responders， that's what we are。

 And I should just get mine and benefit right， But the thing is。

Like you should get you know you should get yours。 And if you read An ran。

 she talks about how one of your highest responsibilities is to achieve success so that other people can be uplifted。

 to be proud of it， not even ashamed of it， but the thing is like when you have that kind of like get mind mentality all the time。

 you see people that have it And other guy' 50 cent。 You guys ever seen 50 cent the rapper。

 does he look very happy right except I heard an interview with him drunk the other on the radio which is hilarious but for the most part。

 it's like actually the funniest thing I've ever seen I wish I don't know if I have permission to broadcast this。

 but I would love to broadcast it is when 50 cent lost the record battle to Connye West right and he's sitting there。

 I knew he's gonna to lose months in advance because all the guy does talk about his money all the time。

 And's it doesn't sound like there's any interest behind the music itself。

 It sounds like he just think' consumers are a joke。And I'm a fan of 50 cents music。

 So that's why I thought that was kind of funny， hugege fan。

 loved this first song I love Gary Richard Itry。 So anyway。😊，He sits there and he's like， he's like。

 yeah lost。 He's like， yeah I lost。 He's like。But I don't care， I've got money。

So I'm happy right I've got money and he's like。Like that just wanders off right， like it's like。

 I got the money。I should be happy， right， like look at his album name， right get should I trying。

 I got it。 So he's like I'm happy， I got the money he's like I'm rich。I he just like stumbles off。

 looking confused in his private playing， like， why it didn't work。It just didn't work。All right。

 it's a funny thing。 You know， whole concept was based on I can sell like the most records。

 That's why I fucked up。Yeah， what he had there， when 50 cent。

 why did his sense of identity it was like this，50 cent had a very rigid structure。

 He says I've sold as many albums as the Bea or I had as many singles up as the Beatles or something close to it or something like that I sold the most amount of records。

 etc cetera， etca， eta。 I'm the highest selling artist。

 Everyone else is a Joe compared to me And then what happened， What did he do there。

's as a quote unquote pickup artist， Where's the similarity I can get any girls that's who I am right whenever you base your identity on the way the external world would respond to you。

 what is the typical thing that will happen eventually pain and crumbling。 Yeah。

 Do you guys remember I talked about in transformations， saying how before up until 2004。

 RC was the biggest company like massive right And I'm like we're the best were the biggest company And then in 2005。

 we took all that crazy publicity， right， and then it was like RCs not the bo anymore。 You know。

 I'm saying right And I was just。umbled， know，And that sort of like that sort of identity that I had。

Had to crumble， right， It was like。Right， and then had to start getting through life like that。

 So the thing is。We think about that， right， concept of reality。I mean。

 when you guys think about the 50 cent one。Have you ever heard the expression， it didn't work。

Or let's get to the future。Those are two great ones， right？This is a joke。

That me and my friends do an inside joke。 So you guys are not gonna have any idea that what I'm talking about where Ehart told in you guys ever seen Ehart toll in the seminar。

 Yeah， Okay， well， he's just completely funny looking。 All right。

 and he sits there and he talks about the ego and how the ego he' like's like the ego He's like。

 it looks around and goes。Let's get to the future。Let's get out of here。My dad， and what is he doing？

He's trying to find salvation in the future， right， happiness is not right now。

What you'll find and what a lot of people find when they get into success with women。

Is that it's not what they expected， okay， it did not provide the happiness， all right。

And we'll talk more about that。 Okay， we'll talk more about it。 By the way。

 a lot of people quit success with women altogether。 And I don't believe in that。 But anyway， look。

Getting back on track， look， your sense of reality。The next map。By the way， before I do the next map。

 a quick wake up， guys， tell me to feel good。Tell me to be happy。Tell me to jump。All right， look。

Okay。😊，Give me a little bit of noise。You。Look， cause State Wker， long seminar， look， guys， four days。

 all right。Next， big concept。Oh man， this is big for you。 Look。

 if you are the man standing right here。And this is the summit of the mountain up here。😡。

Can you see the mountain， the peak No from there。 I know it's a far away drawing。

 So you guys I'll ask you guys the front。 Can you see the peak， no。So what peak can you see？That one。

 right？So what do you do， you climb？So the little man goes up the hill。

 And that even being a smaller peak might still be a challenging one。 right， So you get up here。

And then what happens， you go， what's that thing？What you be kidding me。

 do you know how I just climb right there？But see here's the thing， right？Do you just get。

 are you super Mario， You remember Luigi and Mario Brothers， too， He had the big jump。

 I will be the seminar after the seminar， Super Mariio。 thank you， look。Okay the one， right， Okay。

 look， Do you guys remember Luigi Mary Brothers， too， he could do the big hop。

 but you can't do the big hop， Okay， do you get to just float on up from here unless maybe you took that pixie dust right Okay。

 you don't get to float there。 See you got to go， you want to get to this peak。

 You got to go back down。😡，So， now。Look what you did。 You spent this much work going up。

 Then you got to go back down like that。 You've got to like， undo all the work that you did。

Just to be allowed。To slowly。Painfully， inch by inch。Crawl back up to the top。哎。All right。

 that was me。When I had a method of how to be successful as women， I went to this peak。 I said。

 how high can I get using this way of doing things， these beliefs， this style， this reality。😡。

And when I slowly started to realize that I could become a natural。

RightWhen you slowly start to realize you could become a natural， you don't just get to keep going。

It's not like that。You got to go back down。 You know why I had every pickup lining tactic in the book。

And when I'd be talking to a girl， they'd all want to come out， right。 So first。

 I had to just chill out for a while and just get used to talking to people again。

 just get used to interacting normally without becoming a frame control addict。

 meaning to control the energy， the flow of the situation all the time to keep myself in state。

 like I had to teach myself that。 Like think about this。

 What happened was I had learned to get into state by controlling the social feedback。😡。

In order to become a natural， what you essentially have to do is learn how to just chill with a regular person and just enjoy the way you feel right。

 to have like that Nimbus when you're not f， like can you experience the Nimbs。

 can you have the Nimbs just sitting there and letting somebody else talk right， see。

 but when you're when you're used to when you're a newbie coming from nothing like what I was and like what some of you guys are。

 maybe a lot of you guys are。😡，You're not used to just feeling good about yourself。

 But when you can go out and use different techniques to get responses to feel good about yourself。

 why would you stop The only solution is give me more because isn't that the funny thing when you learn pickup lines and stuff。

 you can hold attention for a bit when it starts working。 do you say。

 I need to develop core confidenceffins。 No， you go more lines， right。

 It's only natural when I use the lines at work。 So I need more of those clearly。

 thinking that you can somehow you know， entertain the girl like here， come to the bedroom right。

 let's go so。😡，So you got to go back down。 Then you start the way back up。

 That is what it's like for a lot of people。 Okay， say that you have a concept to who you are。

 reality of who you are。 You say I'm a cool guy。 Remember， Linda from five years ago， I saw her。

 I wanted her。 I got her to actually start becoming successful with women。

 You've got to start to realize maybe you're not what you thought you were。

 You've got to humble yourself and humbling yourself。IMe， it's going back down。

 and that's not so easy for a lot of people because there's too many ramifications。

 Your mind does not really want to do it。 All right， So even if you gain sight of that higher peak。😡。

Oh man， too many stepping stones。 Your mind doesn't want to do it。 Your mind。

Is inherently a lazy mind。That's if you haven't developed it。😡，On the first day。

 we spoke about how when an astronaut goes into space， when he comes back。

 his bones have lost density。 It's not even that your mind's a lazy mind。

 It's that your mind is trying to conserve energy。So you have to snap your mind into it。😡。

Things like reading books， for example， look。😡，Has anyone here ever gone a couple years out reading books for a little while for a part of their life。

 gone a few years not reading books。 I bet you even more of you than that， right， Really。

 Everyone's gone at some point a couple years out reading big books and stuff。

 So when you go back to reading。What keeps happening， I have a buddy who hadn't read a long time。

 and I said here you should read this while we're around a boat and he's like。

 and he starts reading's like， I think I'm falling asleep。 you ever do that。

 You start to read something that you't It's just too complicated whatever。

 and you just feel like you just realize you're like， damn， I think more tired than I thought。Right。

 I just need to just just close my eyes for a minute just to get a little bit more energy。

 and then I can read this later， And then you start to read it later and do the same thing。

 Maybe you've done that if you have an essay do for school。Okay， suddenly。

 you know whereas normally you'd stay up late playing video games。

 but tonight you just really need your sleep， all right okay。So your mind。

When not given the opportunity to blossom， will'll do that。 Now， how about when you're reading a lot。

 you're just educating yourself what happens then to your mind your mind't if anything to the more you' writing and writing Like。

 have you guys ever also reached a point where you're gathering so much knowledge。

 Your mind hungers for knowledge。 you love it right， Your mind is hungering for knowledge。

 And that's an amazing thing。 to me， that's like human potentiality It is finest。 So I think that。

You know， you wake your mind up， you force your mind to work through the complexities。😡。

Of a new set of beliefs。 But look， this is one of the freakiest and hardest to believe with barriers that you will ever encounter。

 reordering perception to preserve the map。Now， look。Let me tell you。Even if your life sucks。

Does your mind care from an evolutionary perspective， Does your mind care if you hate your life。😡。

Are you going to die if you just don't really like your life？ So it doesn't matter。 It doesn't。

 It's the same way。 you know how women might date like a jerk guy and maybe he like drives her nuts。

 But as long as he has high value， all that evolution cares about is that she gets like that right seed。

😡，It's the same thing for you， even if you don't like your look。😡，Say that you know。

 like this is a really common frustration in self development in general。

You know that you're capable of so much more。 Let's say that look。

 let's say that you live in like some suburb and you maybe have a vision for yourself。

 Maybe your vision is， I want to move to downtown Manhattan， you know， wherever it is， right。

 I want to move to downtown Manhattan。 I want to get the kind of job that I really dream about。

 I want to start going out， socializing people meeting girls。 I want to get good with girls。

 I want to get an amazing girlfriend and I want to be happy with my life。 Sounds great。

 Sounds awesome。 but you know what， you're already living in a reality where you're getting by。

 right， You might not be thriving。But you're getting by。 And so your body says， no， it's fine。

 This is okay。 Imagine it like a plant。 All right， think of a plant。 if the plants。

Because we're a lot like that。 If the plant has found a source of nutrition and water， like， okay。

 here's some dirt。 And there's some water here。It might not be the best dirt in the world。

 it might not be the best the most water to grow into what I'm capable of as a plant。

 but it's there who wants to uproot yourself and go looking around and risk the possibility of not finding what you hope for right so most people don't want to do that。

😡，There's so much that is involved in this look。😡，Take a wolf pack。If you have a wolf pack。

 which wolf do you want to be， the alpha wolf， right， Everyone says the alpha wolf。

IsBeing the alpha male， is it just like？Is it just kind of like everyone loves you and the girls come and let you reproduce with them and everything's hunky Dory right Do you have to spend a lot of energy Yeah you got I mean。

 pro now for male wolf， if someone else steps up He's got to like show that he's still the alpha right What is that like people hat conflict and hat you ever of a hater they call that in hip。

 they call that being a player hater right guys ever heard of a player hate What is that what's a hater Yeah I don't like what you're doing not Do you guys ever read Do you read you ever read the articles where people will be like talking about the dating community and you can tell that just total hatrism's like because that guy is living with some woman that he just totally it was。

In love with in the first place he settled with her。 right， You know。

 he hasn't actually had any good sex in over a decade。 And he's like。

 look at this community is so creepy。 right， just straight up haters， you know。

 And then he'll end probably he'll come up with good rationalizations of little things that he focuses on that might be true and he blows them out of proportion。

 All right， That's how people are， right。 If you're gonna hate on somebody。

 You'll find stuff that is true about them。 and then you'll blow it up out of proportion in your mind。

 and you'll make a belief set out of it。 So。One of the biggest games that your mind plays is reordering perception to preserve the map。

 your mind does not want you to get high status look why does a wolf， if a wolf's not the alpha wolf。

 why does he stay in the pack？😡，It's pretty good being the beta nail too， I mean， do you sit Yeah。

 as long as you get fed， right？longong as you say lot， you're good。 and look。

 less expenditure of energy。Guess what， guys， becoming like this new guy who has experienced deep identity level change。

To get there is an expenditure of energy， isn't it， you know。

 you guys heard of like the peacock and how the peacock basically shows these like bright feathers and stuff。

 which is it's actually an expenditure of energy， but it's showing the health and vitality， Well。

 being that outgoing guy you know， gregarious and stuff like that。

 there is energy that's being expended。 In fact， if you want to get really specific。

 You want to get kind of really interesting。 this is like we're getting kind of advanced really interesting。

 if you have a provider male social strategy。 right Like your unconscious mind has recognized， look。

 the best thing for me to do is just kind of work hard。 and then I can just meet girls like that。

 when you're out of a social setting， you'll feel like it's a waste of your time。

Like your instincts are telling you， don't worry about this。 Just go home and work。

 And then you can meet a girl that way。 Just don't worry about your instincts are actually telling you that it's like this is a wasteful expenditure of energy。

 You want to get even more advanced。 but you guys like to do that。 All right， I have a theory。

 This is， This is one of those theories I've never articulated before because I think it sounds so stupid。

 but I it's one of those beliefs that I kind of never said， but I do believe it。

 So I'll just be authentic。 I think that there's two different types of guys that get laid a lot。

 Have guys ever heard the expression the leader of men。

 I think there's two types that get laid a lot。 I think one is the leader of men。 I think the other。

 I would almost call the wandering。 Nomad。All right， you know， Yeah， yeah， exactly。

 I really believe it。Okay， look， maybe this theory is totally accurate， or maybe it's totally bunk。

 but at least the application of it could have some validity in your life。 So I'll explain it。

 the leader of men。In the Caveman tribe would have been the guy who kind of just like。You know。

 he goes out， he kills the animals， he's a dominant guy there and he probably has a harem。

 but I also， I really believe this that there was probably like wandering cave men that were actually not leaders of men。

 They had alpha male characteristics， but they just kind of wandered around on their own and they'd sort of like come into like a pack and he'd wind up you know hooking up with a couple girls in there。

😡，And what that would do， this is just a theory I have。

 is it would bring a new set of gene genetics into the small little group， right， because I。

 I'll tell you why I think this。Yeah， you know what I'm talking about right。

 whenever you're traveling， you get this vibe， you know what I'm saying when you're traveling all around the world。

 you get this vibe and girls just want to hook up like I mean， yeah， you know， it's like。

 and I've seen it with RSD instructors， they'll come back from doing a tour and they are just killing it。

😡，Right it is incredible。 And on one level， you know， you could size that up to like， for example。

 you know how like if a British person comes to America。

 are there any British people here in this audience。 Yeah okay， how do girls like your accent at all。

Like， are they like， do they think it's okay or do they go into trance。They go into a trannce。

 all right。As an American or Canadian。You get that to an extent when you go to Australia。

 not as much as an Australian guy will get it here。

 but you do get to take a little bit of sweet revenge when you go down to Australia all right？😡，Okay。

 so a little bit， not as much as they get。Anyway， there's something about like that different gene pool right and like bringing new genes in the tribe。

 I think women just respond to that and even if you're not like the leader of men。

 there is that sort of thing and I also think that when you have become a leader of men。

 the temptation can be to stop being the nomad。All right。

 like when you've achieve a certain level of status in life and you're providing an incredible amount of value for the people around you and women can see that。

 you know， like say that you bring a woman into your work and she sees that everybody respects you and everybody admires you and you make people feel good and they're happy。

 Well， of course， you know women are gonna respond to that right But when you do that you kind of feel like you're above the game now。

 like cold approaching is just so silly and so stupid because you've got your whole thing with women on lockdown now。

 Likewise， when you're like the wandering nomad， you kind of feel like all that leader of stuff is' just so unnecessary。

 you know， just roll out man， you grab your motorcycle or whatever。 you know like the stereotype。

 roll out in your motorcycle or in real life just fly around and catch buses or whatever in taxis。

 But the point is， you just travel around and you wind up hooking up with girls。

 including a lot of girls that might be with that leader of men。 So the thing is。嗯。

I think that there's two different types， right， I think that that's sort of a sub level。

 all right so that's sort of a side tangent before we wrap this section。😡，Who knows if it's true。

 But it's an interesting way of thinking of things now。Here's what I learned on boot camp guys。

One of the freakiest things that I learned on boot camp。 All right。

 and we're going to end off on this。 And I'm going to leave you with this。As we go into tomorrow。

 as we go deeper down the rabbit hole。So one of the things that I learned on boot camp。Okay。

 so I'm going kind of wh and bi a little bit， But then I'm gonna show you how rather than bitching about it。

 I proactively fixed it and how the educational lesson that you guys are gonna learn。

So when I first started running boot camps back in 2002。Sometimes。

I would have a guy that I was working with， and I would do like incredible demonstrations。

 like like the stuff that I would show him would be amazing。 And he himself would do amazing。

 But at the end of the night， he would be bitching that he didn't see enough demonstration and that he himself sucked and he didn't learn anything。

 So I would get that back then。 And I would go home raging because anyone who's taken a program with me knows I put my heart and soul into those programs。

 So the thing is like。😊，I thought， why， What is going on here。 But eventually。

 I began to notice commonalities。 I began to see。And actually be able to predict how successful somebody would be within 30 seconds of meeting them。

 How successful that they would be on a boot camp。 But I have ways of changing this。 by the way。

 as a teacher。 I have ways that I change this so that everybody will be successful。 Now， essentially。

 say that you have a low concept of yourself。 Have you guys ever heard the expression。

 what you think of other people is a reflection of what you think of yourself。

 You guys ever heard that one， right， Like usually the guys are the most judgmental and spiteful are oftentimes just reflecting their own self hate。

 All right， Well， look， this goes even deeper。 say that you have a concept of yourself。😊。

As being a showed。What we have here is called the success barrier。 Well， look。

 what's going to happen， Sa that he has it right in front of his face， specifically how to get girls。

Well， guess what。 Now， he would have the knowledge， right， He would know how to do it。

 And beyond that， what if。That guy。是。Okay， what if that guy。

 not only that had done amazing approaches。 Allright， what if he had done amazing things that night。

😊，And he would have to realize， look， how great that I did。 Lets， let's give some numbers here。

 Let's say that you do 10 approaches， right， And 7 of them are great。Hell。

 let's say four of them were great。 okay， if you're a new guy and you got four girls who you've never met in your entire life to actually be into you and connect with you or be attracted to you。

 that's pretty cool because your buddy who's sitting at home playing World of Warcraft。

 the only thing he got attracted was the org Princess。You know， right， that's it。

 And I know guys that actually have world of Warcraft and Everquest girlfriends。 All right， so look。

 okay， that are probably fucking fat dudes flying on the other end。 So right， okay。

 Mindy or whatever， right Okay， all right， So basically。A guy who's really positive， right。

 like a guy who believes that he can be successful if he believes it。He'll go out。

 And even if he does two good approaches。 you know what he's gonna remember the two good ones right and say that he saw some good stuff。

 he's like， you know I think I saw how to do it。 And I did these two good ones。

 And you know know had some rough landings， but if I could just focus on those two good ones。

 I could get where I want to go right Meanwhile， you'll have a guy that might have done nine amazing approaches but he had the one bad one。

 And if he has a success barrier， what's he going to focus on every time。Yeah， all right。

 reicular activation system， that's exactly it。 he's going to focus on that one， bad one， all right？

😡，This is such a predictor of success。 It's ridiculous。 It is a tremendous predictor of success。

 As a teacher， by the way， one of the things that I always do when I'm teaching is I always focus on the positive。

 Like， if I'm teaching a boot camp。😊，I'll be like walking by the pillar where the good approach place to go。

 hey， that's where you did really well that girl。 Great job， right。

 And I'll keep repeating over and over。 Do you remember when you did this， It was great。😊，Hey。

 repeat back or like every approach that a guy does when he comes out， I'll say。

 tell me something good about that approach。 And I'll continually hammer in that positivity。

 likewise。I'm talking about my teaching here just to teach you guys how to teach yourselves。 Okay。

 just sort of some insights that I learned。 When a guy comes out of a bad approach。

 you want to know what I used to do。I would give negative feedback。 I would give the criticism。

 So he'd get blown out， and I'd say。Oh you did this wrong。 You did this wrong。 You did this wrong。

 Doesn't that make sense on the surface。 Yeah right make sense on the surface， right， He went wrong。

 Give him the feedback。 that's what the program is。 That's what it's supposed to be。

 But the problem is that was that's gonna get you further and further into your head。 Yeah Yeah。

 and kills the state right What's that how you criticize Yeah Yeah， when you you know。

 that's what he's talking about， which is really great feedback， actually。

 is basically I wrote an article about how to be a wingman。

 And essentially I was saying if your wing man gets blown out。

 the last thing you want to do is go hey， bro， you did this wrong， And you did this wrong。

 By the way， why do you guys sometimes do that to each other It's not on purpose。

 it's no bad intention， But why do you guys do that to each other， Well， yeah。

 that's the good intention。 But from a state perspective， why do they start bossing him around。

 What are they trying to get for state puts them in state， right， puts them in state。

 You guys ever have someone do that to you before， And honestly。

 if you guys ever done that to someone before。 Yeah， you know。Yeah， me， too。 right。

 So that's like the first several years of me doing this stuff。 So basically。

What I've learned is that when I teach a boot camp。

 I actually view learning as like a funnel that dilates， right。

 So like the more state that I can bring my group in a boot camp。 And by the way。

 I can highly recommend every person here to take a boot camp。 Okay。

 because these are the lowest ratio， most high quality programs on the planet that you'll ever find。

 And I am a Nazi when it comes to quality control。 right。

 I basically give most instructors nervous breakdowns about quality control。 All right。

 most of have nightmares and stuff。 me going produce transmission to the fuck out of here。 All right。

 That's the culture around RD。 Now， look。You're teaching the program。 And if he's out of state。

 say that I'm teaching you're out of state。 this is like the funnel。

 so I can only pour in a little bit of information。 So before I'm even gonna give feedback。

 I want to create state， get you in state。 and I'm trying to expand that funnel。

 Once I've got the state raging， then I can say， oh， by the way， earlier on， you did that。

 and you can improve it like this。 And the funnels there and the learning can begin。

 but I'm always moderating that as a teacher in real time。 Okay， realtime teaching。 So now。

What does this mean for yourself？😡，In terms of what you focus on。Most guys go out， and like I said。

 they can't be successful because you get that negative approach。😡，What happens， you focus on it。😡。

Have you ever maybe written an article on a forum and like 20 people said it was great。

 and one person like flamed you And then that one bothers you the most。

 and that's you don't give thanks to all the people that gave you props。

 but you start responding to that guy。 Yeah， maybe I did that a couple times in the early years。

 right if you read my old hards right So basically that's what most people do though。

 is they're continually focusing on that one negative one forgetting about all the positive ones they have。

 Well what's the solution then。Open your mind up。Allow yourself to focus on the positive。

 There's being has anyone here ever read my article called the 25 points。 did you guys like it。

 thank you。 Well， you know it's interesting as awesome as it is。 and I love the article。

 I actually don't use it for teaching purposes anymore live。 because it's negative。 That's right。

 awesome， awesome because what happens is like I wrote this article called the 25 points and what it was was like the 25 most common mistakes that I had ever seen on a boot camp。

 you can go to R wwwD nationation or www RsD wki co we actually have a full w dedicated RSD So basically you can find those articles and the 25 points as as great as it was。

 and I was very happy with it because it really nailed out a lot of the errors that people made it puts them in their head。

 It gets them focusing on the negative。 Well， there was a study done。

Where they were and my friend Igor told me about this， whos actually into like you know。

 mind type stuff and Hyother。 name is Igor Lesowski， he's a good buddy of mine。

 So what he was saying， and I don't know， I don't know if it's true。

 and I don't care if it's true if I remember it properly。 Heres just。

 here was the story It was something like this。Apparently。

 they were training people how to shoot a gun。 And so the FBI would train people how to shoot the gun。

 and they'd say， don't do this， don't do this。 Don't do this and don't do this。😡。

What they did was this experiment。 and again， I don't know if this is true。

 was they took an old lady and they said， look， here's like the three most important things that you have to do like the positive things like what to do not what not to do and they taught her that and apparently she learned how to become like a crack shot in like10 times fast or something then all these FBI guys anyone heard that story before。

 Rob it makes sense Robins with a of was guys was teaching how to And did they those justframed him in the positive the reason is because your mind doesn't accept programming So if don't of a pink thought of a pink So you're like don't talk too fast instead of saying talk slowly you can let do this you you can go see like am I imagine this。

 remember the road to Maui but I was talking about。

Mass you're driving that road and and the guy in the passenger， she's going。

 don't drive off the cliff bro dude， don't drive out that cliff bro。

 we do not want to fall that cliff。 I Probably Yeah oh yeah， yeah， yeah， what Tony Robinson， Yeah。

 in time of your life， he says Yeah， he says it's like you're driving a race car。

 And if you spin out right， if you look at your instinct where's the wall， where's the wall。

 you keep looking at it and then you'll drive the wall instead you gotta look where you want to go。

 But anyway， coming back to the idea of success barriers。

 and let's say folks on success barriers here。😊，Again。

 people will remember the approaches that matches their existing reality。

 remember how we said reordering perception to preserve the map what people will do if your map of reality is I'm a ch。

 what are you most likely to remember on your program or you're on your night rather。

 the bad approaches that you did right if you're a guy who has an empowering selfconcept remember we talked about identity yesterday if you have that empowering selfconcept。

 you have that high on the totem pole belief about yourself。

 you're gonna focus on the positive and what happens then。😡。

You ever learn how to play basketball and maybe like you know in your mind。

 even when you're like at home， you're imagining dribbling。

 like you know you're imagining taking shots， you guys ever done that， maybe with hockey。

 like you imagine that kind of like as your' daydreaming。

 well when you're going through the motion properly。

 your mind is feeling those motion right like what a nice smooth approach looks like and so essentially when you're focusing on the positive you become so focused in that and immersed in that and not thinking about all this negative nonsense that eventually you blow up。

😡，You blow up and you get the skills that you want。😡。

I guess the thought that I would leave you with is this。😡，We've had a very long。

 interesting day today， and we've gone deeper down。Down into the rabbit hole， All right。

And maybe we're like 75% of the way down because tomorrow， we're going even deeper。 right。

 and all of the knowledge that we've built up to this point is building towards tomorrow。So。

We talk today about what your reality is and how your reality draws other people in。

And we talked about how your reality can also hold you back or empower you。

The message that I want to leave you with today ultimately。

 is to see the best in yourself and to see the best in other people。 All right。

 so when you go out tonight and I like to leave a sort of an idea to go out with every night。😡。

I want you to see the best in yourself and cut yourself a ton of slack。

And I also want you to see the best in other people， because when you see the best in other people。

 you assume that other people are seeing the best in you。 that becomes a part of your reality。

 And I really think that in this world of more people thought like that。

 the world would be a much better place to live in。 That's the end of day 3。

 Thank you guys very much。😊，Thank you。 Thanks， guys。

