# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：17.内化蓝图与无所谓状态【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

So look， we' talked about self fulfilling prophecy， weve talked about what that is。😡，Now。

 let's get into this concept called Mibehaors。So。We talked about subcommunication。

And that's like those really subtle things。 So， for example， we talk about eye contact。

 We talk about body language。 Now， when you're thinking about sub communicationmunication。

 a lot of it is very obvious。 A lot of you guys here can point out the most basic ideas behind subcommunication。

 But even beyond that， we can even like take a microscope and go even more deeply in when we're looking at the little microbes that you have。

 All right， And these are like。You know， these are just extremely， extremely subtle。 Okay。

 so an example of something like， you know， a micro behavior would be like the dilation in your pupils。

 Al right， has anybody here ever been talking to a girl and you you're very much in state。

 The Nimbs is burning。 And then suddenly she hits you with something。

 And suddenly you just lose state。 and you can almost see that she can see in your eyes that you lost state。

 And she just goes， you're done。 You guys ever had that。 I've had girls say that to me before。

 Like when I lost say， she just goes， you're done， and I'm like， y， I to meet you。 Okay， guys。

 all right， I've experienced that。 And that's like， now， look。

 I also had a guy who then because Aussie。It teaches the boot camps in London。

 He's also kind of mad at me for teaching this because he had a guy in boot camp who was like this guy was from South America。

 he's like Aussie。 He's like， have you been checking my pupils， like Tyler said， All right。

 and Aussie is like you bastard， stop teaching that shit。 All right。

 because I don't want to make you guys parent like， are my pupils dilated。 All right， Okay。

 I'm not saying to start thinking like that， Good God， All right。

 if you would to start thinking like that， that would be utterly ridiculous， I'm not promoting that。

 But what I'm saying is that as this idea of like a microbe。

 when you can look a girl right in the eyes and your eyes hold steady it shows that you're not running through images in your mind。

 All right， going back into your head。That's an example of a microbeor。😡，Now， look。You cannot。

Consciously manipulate all these。 Can you Look， sub communication。

 you could probably consciously manipulate。 You could be like， okay。Step 1， have good eye contact。

 step 2， loose body language， step 3， nice， resonating voice， right， Step 4， lead。

 You can do all of that stuff。Really， I mean， you know， if you just read it over like a couple times。

 you can go out and you can do it。 And in fact， I recommend as a newbie。 you gotta do that。

 But you know， again， we're talking it on an advanced level here。

 like if we want to go to an advanced level。 the little microbehas that you have。

 you can never consciously understand all of them。 Like I bet you。

 I bet that a lot of you guys we hoping that probably I was gonna start writing out a list of the microbehas。

 right Like microbehaor this， manipulate this in yourself， you know， change this in yourself。

 but that's not what it is a micro like all these little microbes that you have。

 you can never totally understand all of them。 and you don't need to understand all of them。

 And in fact， there is no use practical or probably even scientific for understanding all of them。

 It's just completely not a useful piece of knowledge。 But look， when you're speaking to the girl。

 there are those little microbehas， little subtle things。 like if she moves over here。

 are you kind of a little too eager to go over there or you kind of just chill。

 right And it where does all this says flow from。your state， it flows from within。 All right。

 And when you are flowing， this handles all of that for you。

 And that's why you see the attraction happening quickly。 this industry。

From an outsider's perspective， if you were to look at the success with women industry。

 would you not agree that it has the word scam written all over it。

 You you guys ever seen penis pills。Is there not a lot in common with this industry in penis bills。

 right， Think about it。 Like from an outsider's perspective， looking in， it's like， okay。

 so you're telling me that you're gonna to take some like out of shape， not good looking， nerdy guy。

 and you're going to like， as is claimed。 you're going to teach him how to date like supermodels and shit。

What does that look like， How could that possibly sound real， right？ It sounds bizarre。

 like a magic magic pill mentality。 You know what， you know what it looks like。

 you ever see those a ab flex commercials， right a machine commercials where it's like。

 you're gonna lose 30 in a month。 And it's like some guy who's like really overweight。

 but he's gonna have， he's gonna have like flabby arms， flabby legs。

 but he's gonna to have like washboard abs among that。 right， like。And， you know。

 that's the kind of magic pill stuff that gets peed in the market these days， right。

 And so from announcement， it looks almost bizarre。 So it's like。😊。

How is it that some of the guys you've seen Because some of the like， for example。

 some of the instructors with RSD are like 5，4。 You guys know Christof， right， How's tall。5，4， right。

 Okay， with the shoes， he's like 5，5。 Allright， Okay， and how smooth， How awesome， really awesome。

 right， Okay， How about Hobi， You guys saw Hobi on transformations， How tall is he。😊，3，7， right。

 okay and so it's like。From an outsider's perspective， how could that guy be successful。

 it's just too weird， right， It's too much。 So we say， how is it that these guys are doing this。

 Like， what is causing it to do this？ Well， again， there is that kind of like， you know。

 scientific basis behind it， right， The whole value thing。

 And when you feel good about yourself inside。 it kind。

 it reflects all these other positive things about you。 And that's how it works。 All right。

 So the thing is。You know， all this， all these like insane success stories， like， look。

 when you're out on a workshop and you see your instructor who seems very similar to you and he's able to go up to women and just spark this incredible attraction or get a make really quickly。

 And you're seeing that going on。 And it's like， well， how's he doing this。

 Does he have some kind of ability that I don't have。 I he cut from a different cloth in you。

 That's what's gonna to start going through your head。

 especially when you're seeing a guy who's having a whether's instructor， whoever it is。

 You're seeing a guy having a really on night。 The feeling is。

 this guys cut from a different cloth than me。 That's how you'll feel。 Why is that happening。

 is all those unconscious little microbes that are creating the attraction in the woman。

 You don't need to understand them。 You don't need to know how to manipulate them in yourself。

 That's completely useless。 All that you need to know is what。How to flow， all right。可控制来。Congruence。

It's magic， it is a magic man。All right， so how about this？You pull a girl over to you。

Here's a great one。 Let's say that you pull a girl over to you。 Let's say that a girl's walking by。

 okay hop up for me。 We showed this before。 Let's say that a girls walking by。

 Just walk by and you go， hey， who are you like that， O。😊，Okay， now have a see。

 What will happen if even for one second you doubt yourself？What's she going to say She'll be like。

 whoa， what are you doing， Like get off， whoa， right？

Has anyone here ever done that with a full level of belief。 Then what happens， She goes like this。

 like that， right， In fact， it's almost so addictive that you could I remember at one point。

 I even started going like Id pull the girl over。 I talk to her for a second。

 and then I Id take a step back。 and I'd go like that。 and then Id take a step back and go like that。

 take a step ahead and go like that， I do it about every 40 seconds because it was so funny because every time you pull over。

 She's like。😊，Like that， right， Like you can see it。 You know， like she like you're talking。

 she's like， and then you pour。😊，Like that， right， And then， you know。

 because and it comes from that full belief。 All right。

 when a woman feels a man that has full belief in what he's doing， that's very attractive。

 The thing is， not for newbies。 Don't try this at home。 professionalsession only。

 because if you do that。😊，You could get it， you know， you will get slapped。 All right。

 you will get people piss。 And， you know， maybe even bigger problems than that。

 But that's an amazing thing。 How about when you ask for a phone number。

 Have you ever been talking to a girl and you know。

 you're speaking with her and then it's going really well。

 And you think maybe I should get the phone number and then you doubt yourself。 as you go to get it。

 right， What happens she doesn't do it right and it's funny， you can see the woman's response。

 She's totally into you， She's having fun And then you're like ask for the phone number。

 could I get your phone number And she's like， no， No， right she just says no。

 and she doesn't even know why she said， no， Like you asked her， why did you say no。

 she doesn't know why，'s like， I don't know， I just didn't， I didn't want to right。

 Because that's her instinct。 It's like if you say。

 hey here let's go to this restaurant Like say like the club is ending。 It's like 2 AM。

 Club is shutting down you know， if you're on the West Coast 2 AM East Coast 5 AM All right so。

You say， hey， let's get out of here。If you're like， so， do you want to go to this place？

And you're doubting yourself again， She'll probably say no， how about this， You know， a great one。

Let's say you're going Iha。 Ih。 We're going to Iha。 Let's go， right。

 And it's even like here this guy is just getting abused this weekend。 Alright， allright， so look。

 and it's almost like this， like you can even like it's like， let's go。 like that。

 Do you guys see that。 Watch this。 Okay， Watch this again。 Okay， Allright， look， I okay。

 he's being abused。 This is a cool man right here。 Okay， Allright， now look， thank you。 Okay。

 because he got showed in the camera。 Allright， so look， it's the same kind of thing。 here， come on。

 let's go， let's go。 good boom。 isn't it sexy。 Allright， how about this。 Okay， same kind of thing。y。

 let's go。 Okay， same kind of thing。 Allright， have a seat Okay， thanks for getting showed again。 So。

 thank you。 Allright， So basically，😊，I should get you cause you got got on transformations by Tim。

 All right， so。So basically。When you have that kind of belief， again。

 it's just going to happen and that kind of belief， that kind of self fulfillfilling prophecy。

 that kind of those anticipated responses are what make you really， really， really good at this。

 All right， It's that level of belief。It has to go from point A to point B。 when you go to open。

 it's the same kind of thing right， look， say that you're gonna to ask to grow for her opinion as an example。

 You walk hey， I need an opinion， right， what are you doing。

 you're fully assuming that she's gonna answer your question。 You're fully assuming it。 if it's like。

 could I have it， She's like， no， All right， Look， it doesn't mean the girls are always going say no when you don't have full belief。

 sometimes they say yes， And sometimes when you have full belief， they say no， All right。

 there's no 100% system。 We're talking like in that sort of 75% range of what's most what tends to be the case。

😡，Anyway， this has to go from the open all the way out to the close， but look。

 let's get even freeier。😡，All right， let's get even weirder。 You guys want to talk weird。 All right。

 okay let's say that you， okay， as a boot camp instructor， I do this all the time。 I'll say to a guy。

 look， tell her this story， just an example， tell her this story and he'll go up and he'll be like。

 oh， blah， blah， blah， blah， bla， and he doesn't believe in it right， And then I go。

 I'll say it right in front of goes， no， no， no， dude， hold up。😡，Allright。

 and then I'll start telling the identical story that he just told， identical。 He just told it。

 All right， and this I'm not even talking like the girl knows that， no， no， let me tell it。

 Like I'm not even talking like that because that would make sense， right？ I'm talking like。

 I'll start telling the story， as if I think that he didn't just tell it completely ignoring the weird of how weird that is。

 Allright， And I'll tell it And right where I expect the people to laugh。

 they laugh right where I expect the people to gough， they go， right。

 everything that I'm anticipating， they'll do In fact，When you're telling a story， okay。

 you go up and you tell the funny part and you're like， that is so funny， right。

 And you have that vibe。 Like you can do that to a girl on the spots on the story that you want her to laugh。

 you can make her laugh just by believing that she's gonna laugh。 Has anyone here ever noticed that。

 you can make her laugh at the spot that you believe it。 It's just like it's like this vibe。

 It's just like， it's just like， like you just look at her。 And so for example， it's like， it's like。

 isnn't that crazy。 And's like， right， and just immediately starts laughing。😊。

It's that same anticipated response。 Okay， so you can tell the exact same story and the girls will act as if they're hearing it for the first time。

 Why， because you're expecting them to act as if they are hearing it for the first time。

 How do you do that？ If you go into your mind and you're like， whoa， dude。

 this is so weird that I'm telling the same story that I just hold a second ago。

If you do that in your head， then what are the girls going to say， It's weird。 Why he just said that。

Why are you saying that again， But if in your mind， remember how we talk about being in the moment。

 Well， this is why being in the moment is one of the most foundational pieces of being a master at this。

 like like reaching that like extreme Jei level， because basically， you just go into the moment。

 you're like， I'm in the moment now。 So I'm not thinking， but you're not even thinking that。

 You just understand it。 Allright， And then you just start spitting the story。And it works。

Now let's get even kind of weirder than that。😡，What if the girls are on the dance floor？😡。

The girls are all dancing on the dance floor in some big mosh pit。

What do most guys try and do when they approach a girl on the dance floor， try， It's like， right。

 try to grind。 Okay， Okay， like that。 All right， some guys do it really well。 Some guys don't Aussie。

 If any of you guys ever been out with Aussie， he does it amazingly well。 It is incredible。😊。

But most guys will do that ineffectively because they're like hoping for her to dance them。

One thing that I realized was that you can actually go up right when they're on the dance floor。

 walk up， just stroll on over， not even dancing。Tap tap。Ask a question about something， whatever。

And just talk as if it's not a dance floor。😡，How interesting is that， Like。

 you can talk as if it's not a dance floor and they and you'll see it。 they're like， do， do。

Like that， right， And they start talking。 They literally just start talking， in fact。

If you're concerned that it's too loud， like say it's too loud on the dance floor。

 well then obviously she'll be like， oh， it's too loud， right。

 But if you just block that out of your head and you just start you're just like like， no no， like。

 let's get even kind of more advanced and more weird here。 if you're just like。Blah， blah， bla， bla。

 bh，lah， blah， And she， you can't even hear yourself talking， right。

 You just talk what she'll immediately do is go， what。我还。Like that。

 And she'll start trying to hear you， even though that's unusual。 Okay， so basically。

 what are you doing here， you're creating this like very bizarre self fulfilling prophecy。

So you really don't need to this match or higher energy level anymore。

Do you guys hear what you just said there？He says you don't necessarily need to match your energy level。

It depends。 Really great question there。 Okay And again。

 these are like the advanced sort of esoteric concepts of picking up girls。

 One concept in terms of pickup is you want to be on。

 say that the group has a certain energy level and you want to either match it or go a little bit above it。

 Why do we do that because they want to go towards higher energy。

 Yeah they want more value offered rather than less let's get into kind of like a funny one there。

 And again， these are like the really you don't need to know this stuff to be successful with women at all。

 you can be massively successful without it， but we're just going advanced here for the people that want to go advanced。

 So look， when you have the full nimbus right like you are really。

 really centered and your reality is just on right， you're really in the moment really on。

 you can just walk up and they're all like you know when girls just going nuts and when you're really on。

 you can just kind of walk up and like know hey right and if they're like and you're like and you just keep moving forward and you'll immediately see they're like hey。

 like that you can see it you can immediately common。D you can also go， a， a。Like that， it's okay。

 right， and they calm down。Other times， though， if you're not that on。

 then then what you can do is you can go into a little bit higher energy level and then you can ease it down。

 How do you do that， You guys， if youve seen on the Jeffy show。Match the rhythm， right， match it。😡。

And then lead the rhythm， right， So you go up， you know， at their energy level a little bit higher。

 and then you can ease it down。 almost like an airplane pilot。 You can up the energy level。

 or you can ease the energy level back down。 you can do both。 However， when you're really on。

 like I said， you can just walk up at whatever energy level you want。

 And people will start to match you kind of kind of a fascinating stuff。

 This is sort of the kind of stuff that has kept me going out all these years why I'm still so fascinatingn with this stuff。

 because it's just， it's such a hobby for me。😊，Oh my God， here's the last one。Oh my god。

This is such an ego trip， it' not funny。This is such a power trip。

 and you can start to feel like some kind of superhero when you know how to do this。What's funny？

Say that you see a couple guys talking to a group of girls。If you okay。

 a lot of the time it's their friends， right， that's cool。

 But a lot of the times it's just players trying to pick them up。If you just sort of walk up。

What I've had times where like I've seen you can just walk up and when you're really on and I'm talking on。

 you just walk right up。😡，Like this。Notice how I'm looking straight。

 Do you guys see what I'm doing here。 I'm。 Do you guys see that。 I'm not like this， right。

 I'm not like， okay， here's these guys that I have to engage。 Well like that， right， I'm literally。

It's like Moses parting the Red Seas， right， Okay， it's just like it's like this when you're on。

 right， and then you go。Like that to the guys。And you'll see the two guys like。Like that， right。

 they're like。Like that you'll see it， okay？You'll see that kind of thing。 You just sort of。

 because your aunt， look， this doesn't happen from， this doesn't happen from a stock point， right。

 You have to have momentum。I'm talking when you have like an insane amount of momentum。

 Don't come on my boot camp。 And we're just kind of sitting at the table go， hey， Tyler。

 let's see you part the red Seas。 Allright， I'm like， right， I'm talking when you're on。 Okay。

 you can't be thinking about it。 You cannot be thinking about like。

 I remember that program that I saw right this。 I'm talking when you're on。 And you're like。

 you're like， yeah， Yeah， right， you're on。 you walk over， hey。

Like this okay do you guys see what I'm doing here You're on and people just go like that。

 Have you guys ever not been at the gym walking towards the water fountain after an intense set and people jump out of your way right because you're more you're sitting there you're racking more weights on the bench press。

 maybe you just hit some new weight or new rep range right right you're going to get some water。

 get some water like this then the person's like。😡，Like that， right， And you're like， whoa， sorry。

 sorry， I was just in the zone。 I apologize here。 It's okay， take your water。 dude， right。

 Everyone here or at least a few people in here have had that。 Okay， yeah， stronger reality。

 It's the exact same thing， right？ I can remember。 and I've even seen situations。嗯。

If you want to talk real advance。 And again， don't come to my boot camp and say。

 let's see you do that part of the Red Seas。 Okay， don't ask me that right。

 because when I talk about this kind of stuff， instructors hate me。

 The instructors call me up biishing at me because they're like， I had an amazing night。

 But the student just wouldn't shut up about that Red Seas thing。 Allright， So so the thing is like。

 you know， all right， if it happens It happens。 these look。

 these are the moments of glory that happened once a week， once a month， that kind of thing。 Okay。

 it's not something that you can do reliably。 But I just want you guys to recognize the phenomenon And what's at work here。

 when you're really on。 like I remember one night， I see I see one girl surrounded by 10 guys。 Okay。

 and。I was just totally on。 What is totally on mean。 I don't。 I'm not going。I'm on。 All right。

 I'm not like， I think I'm in state。 If you're saying， I think I'm in state。 what are you doing。

 You' You're not in state， right， Okay， I just on。 I didn't think about it。 I just did it。

 I walked up and I walked through the group。 I was like， read the girl and about a group of about 8。

10 guys just disperse。 Okay， I walk up as I as that happens。

 what happens with the reicular activation system。 What's。

 where am I and those guys of the reicular activation system。 boom right all on， all on。

 So I go like this。 Now as I walk through and the guys jump apart is the girls seeing the guys reacting to me。

 Are she seeing that all the reicular activations letting up。So what's happening to her。

 It's like insane attraction。 And you just， I just walk up。And I just put my hands out。Like that。

 okay。You're such a pimp。You got 10 guys here with you。That's very interesting。Yeah。

I see what I'm doing here， and you'll see it。 she's like。Okay， you'll see that same kind of thing。

All right， same kind of thing is glorious。 All right。

 And it can make you start to think you're like a superhero when you do this kind of thing， right？

 Do you want to know the problem with that， though， you'll go home that night and and you're like。

 I am the man I dominated。 I'm the shit， right？ And then the next day， you're like， God。

 I'm fucking glorious God damn right And then you go out that night and you're like。

 am I still glorious and then you're like like I'm part the Red Seas again like see those guys rightre like yeah。

 let's part the Red Seas and you're like they're not moving they're not moving're like you're such a pimp。

's like thanks quite in a work in a work。 right so so you know it comes down to being。

 I'm gonna talk about that effect later today。 So to help you get more consistency。 But look。

 these are the kinds of not predictable。 you cannot make them happen。

 but you can sometimes on a night of total glory allow them to happen that tells you a lot about self- fulfillfilling prophecies and especially about anticipation。

😊，So again， that same anticipated response that almost all of you here have had a gym at a water fountain。

 you can create those when you're at a very， very advanced level at this sort of thing。All right。

 so here's the next one。Finching， or you could call it。Retreating。

Finching or retreating into your mind。The exact opposite of anticipated responses is flinching or retreating into your mind。

 Actually， it's not， the exact opposite would be just thinking you're a dumb ass， but。Basically。

 what's going to blow it， flinching or retreating into your mind， doubting yourself。So。

Anticipated responses are great。Having assumptions about how， about how you're gonna to be treated。

 awesome。 But there's a rule to them。 You cannot flinch。 If you retreat into your head。

 they don't work。 All right， so let's say that you're talking to a girl from across the room。

 Have any of you guys ever been at a restaurant with your friends and you just pointed a girl and you just go。

Like that and had her gotten to come over， anyone ever done that。when you do that。

If you it can work great， right， and she'll start laughing because it's funny it's meant to be light right It's to be playful and funny。

 You can do that。 But if you retreat into your head when you do it and you start to doubt it。

 what happens creep no go or even creepy， Isn't it funny the thin line between high romance and like creepy stockishness right。

 It's a very fine line sometimes， right， Like the same guy that like sings at the girl's window could be like the most romantic guy in the world that every girl like hears about and goes oh。

 right， he also be the creepiest， scariest man ever right So it's a fine line between， you know。

 romance and stockrishcious。 And you've got to know that line It's a very subtle line。 So you know。

 you call her over。 If you retreat into your head。😊，No go。 Have you guys ever had it where you do it。

 And she totally wants to come over， But she's with her friends， and they're gonna judge her。

 and she can't come over。 And she gets befuddled。 You guys ever had that。

 And she starts going like this。 She's like。あ、是は。Right， and， and you， you just go。

Right like that okay and then maybe she ditches and maybe she doesn't all right but it's funny to watch that and it's funny。

 Do you remember I spoke about how you are like an island and the girl is like the boat checking out the different islands Well see she's in the reality of her group right that's the reality that she's in like I'm in this group nows that's the reality that I'm operating through and then if you're over here and you've got this reality which it's cool and it's normal permissible cool behavior for you to come over here and have fun if your reality outweighs the group's reality then she gets pulled over if not the no okay。

系。Okay， so here's how we're gonna sort of end this off。嗯。

This knowledge can both help you and totally screw you up。Think about that。

 This knowledge can help you because it allows you to do all sorts of things。

 to recognize phenomenons and allow you to do all sorts of things that you couldn't previously do。

 But if you're going through life in general， thinking， do I have the stronger reality。

 Do they have the stronger reality， Am I flinching， Am I in my head， Am I in my head right now。

Did I just retreat into my mind， Oh， yeah， because if I asked that， then I did， oops。Allright， O。

 so that's not going to help you。 So again， we talk about how we can look at it on a large scope or we can look at it you know。

 much simpler。 So the much simpler one is have fun。😊，Alright， have fun。

 I'm gonna to teach you guys after this different ways to put yourself in a state so that you're not thinking about this stuff。

😊，嗯。This is the best way that I could put it to you。When you're in the science lab， be a scientist。

When you're out， be a person。You know what I'm saying it's totally fine and dandy for us to come here and to speak about this stuff and really look at it and really engage ourselves in it and really understand it。

 It's enjoyable。 It's teaching us both about human nature， which is awesome。

 It's teaching us about our own habits。 And when we get drawn into other people's realities and it's teaching us about social dynamics。

 But if we're thinking about it， it's one thing to understand it and to go at the flow。

 But if we're thinking about it when we're out。 That is only going to go against us。

 And isn't that ironic。Isn't there a funny irony there that in working to understand social dynamics more subtly。

 you could actually become less socially savvy， less socially skilled， right， could。

 you could lose that， that coolness about you， that grace， right。

 You lose that stuff when you're focused on it too much， okay so。

It's one thing to come in here and speak about it。 But you also have to be able to disconnect yourself from it when you go out。

 That's really what it's going to come down to。 Okay， and more than anything。

And I think that when it comes to imposing your beliefs， you know。

 Iosing your reality around you and having anticipated responses。

 I think the thing that makes it stronger than anything else。Is the idea of offering value。All right。

And what that means， and let me explain that。A lot of guys carry an insane amount of guilt about sex。

They think that they think that sex is about being pish。 They think that girls don't enjoy sex。

 They think that， you know， they think that they're getting more out of sex than the girl is。

 they don't view it as offering value。 All right， some guys have a concept of sex that like you know。

 the girl just lies in her back and says， I will think of the queen get it over with right。

 let's do it for God or something， you know， I'm saying。

 right You guys know that the Victorian era right， You know， I'm Ta。

 that's what they' say right because you're not supposed to take pleasure and sex， You know， then。

 well， we have to have children。 She's like， just get it over with。 I'll think of the queen。

 like that， right， I'll maintain my virtue。 And a lot of guys are coming from that that like sort of like Victorian era frame of reference about sex。

 I that the Victorian era。 I've been out of college for a while。 I knew once。So really。

 if you don't believe that women enjoy sex as much as men do， if not more。

Then when you're calling that girl over， you're saying， come over。

 you're going to feel like you're taking value， You're going to feel like you're trying to trick her into something。

This is where the idea of sort of like lying versus having integrity comes in。

 And it's an interesting debate。 And I kind of want to end it off on there on one level， spinning。

 you know， in some ways， you could even call it like a seduction or like an experience for a girl。

 right， Like when you're really spinning an experience for a girl。

 you're making an experience for her and。You don't necessarily have to get all logical about everything。

 you know what I'm saying， right？But on the other hand。

Having a high level of integrity as a person and knowing that you always offer value to the people that you interact with is going to allow you to come across so much stronger。

Alright， And this really cannot be understated。 I cannot understate this。The problem with being。

I don't want to say selfish in a bad way。 Allright。

 because being selfish and looking out for yourself is a good thing。 All right。

 caring about yourself and respecting yourself， that's a good thing。

 But being selfish at the expense of others， like taking value from other people。

 not structuring yourself as a human being that offers value to everybody and becoming from a scarcity mindset。

 when you're calling that girl over。 there's little unconscious。

 little mechanisms that are going on in your mind that are saying， I don't have integrity。

 And I'm trying to pull something off。 And that's gonna make your game a hell of a lot weaker。😡。

So on the first day， you guys remember， we talked about you know， women。

 and then a lot of guys think men are down here。They believe that， right。

 And they're constantly trying to create that change of power so that they're up here。

If you don't believe that men and women are equal in value and you don't believe yourself is being equal in value right from the get- go inherently。

 then when you're calling that girl over， you will be even on the most subtle level flinching into your head。

 feeling like you're trying to pull it off。 And that's why do you guys remember yesterday， I said。

 I don't like the word clothes。😡，And the reason why， because even though it's a funny word。 you know。

 I see on， I was watching entourage yesterday to show that I love。 and they use that word。

 So I was kind of using it。 But the reason I don't like the word close is because what does the word close imply。

 a sale， right， The word close implies as sale。😊，And so。

If you're coming from a mindset that you're selling yourself to the girl and that you're coming from a position of lower value。

 you are going to retreat into your mind more often。 And so that's why。As silly as it sounds， Okay。

 as utterly ridiculous and nonsensical as this sounds。

Have you guys ever heard the expression being pure of heart， you guys ever heard that， okay？😡。

It sounds cheesy， but my belief is like the closer that you can get to your integrity。

 the bigger the payoff。😡，I really believe that when you get closer to your integrity。

 like when you stop wanting to take value from people and you can learn that a。

 when you interact with people， you are offering them value， B。

 that sex is as valuable to the woman as it is to you and you know even beyond all that that just you're someone who just。

😡，Goes with the flow of nature。 You know， you're a part of the greater whole and you're not trying to like。

 you know， build yourself up into like， you know， from a nasty little bridge stroll into some kind of super titan or something like that。

 And when you're just coming from like that really like。Every year that goes by of your life。

 when you can come closer and closer to that kind of valuegiving mindset。

 the stronger that you're gonna be in the field， because that's when you're like go。

 you go to open the girl and you're like， A， right。

 and you fully believe that you are offering value。 You have that really。

 really high level of integrity about you。 And as a result。You're just so much stronger with women。

 And， you know， it's natural to get into kind of like messing around and stuff like that。

 And I'm not saying that you necessarily have to be truthful about everything all the time or that you need to feel guilty about it because look a pickup is a pickup right I mean。

 the girl saying all all sorts of nonsense。 You're saying all sorts of nonsense。 I， I mean。

 I tell girls I'm a male stripper all the time。 all the time。

 because I think it's funny right I'm joking around and it's just so funny to see the look on their face because they actually think about it like really And they look they think about it I love it's so selfammusing to me。

 I laugh so hard when I do it just it just tickles me to do this right And so I'm not necessarily saying that you know。

 like when you're flirting with the girl， you're like a kid right and you're playing around you you're messing with her and she's messing with you not always but a lot of the time。

 And that's cool。 That's flirtation All that's totally cool。100% cool。

 But when you're trying to like， you know， say something that like is moving you away from who you really feel you are and moving you away。

😊，Your integrity， that's what's going to be pulling you into your head and getting all that noise going in your head。

 So if you want to shut off that noise， right， you want to shut off the noise and just feel good。

 You guys remember I said slow down， okay。😡，Take a deep breath just slow down and feel good。

Then really that is where your integrity comes from。

 and that's what allows you to part the Red Seas or pull the girl over。

 ask for the phone number with that total belief in what you're doing， not the slightest flinching。

 not the slightest retreating in your mind， and with a really incredible amount of power All right。

 so fully believe in yourself doesnn't that sound great in theory。😡，は。

I just have to fully believe in myself。But I don't。 how you going to get that？All right， Well。

 there's a process that you go through， all right。Look。What we call this。

Do you remember the word that I said yesterday， trust？😡，Well。

 the same goes for this trusting in a foreign set of bearings。 Alright， I'll say that again。

 say that， okay， I'll get you to say that with me， guys。 First， I'll say then you say it。

 trust in a foreign set of bearings。I'll say it again。 Trust in a foreign set of bearings。

 in a foreign set of bearing。 Good。 Allright， see what happens here is that when we learn new bearings。

 we have not developed the reference experiences yet that we could trust in them。 Al right。

 so let's think about how we get our bearings in the first place。

 Where do we first even get our bearings。 All right， well， look back when you're a kid。

You learn to walk， right and although what you are being called upon to do is probably a lot harder than anything you're being called upon to do now。

 you do persevere， don't you see， but now you're a smart guy right Like back then you know you get up。

 you kind of walk along a little bit and boom hit your head on the table fall the ground。😡，啊呃。

Get up again， walk along， maybe hit the wall。 You fall down again。 You get back up。

But now you're smart， right now you're a smart guy and you're all， you're not just conscious。

 Like when you're kid， you're now selfconscious， right， you've got selfimage to protect， right now。

 when we do the metaphorical equivalent of that and we bonk into the wall。

 What do we say to ourselves in life I can't do Oh， I can't do it。

 I I can't let other people see me doing this。 Oh my God。

 imagine if you're a baby and you try to learn how to walk like that。

 Imagine if a baby had these kind of mental crises。No one we'd all be crawling around。So as a kid。

 you learn how to walk。 You're being called upon to do much more than you are now。

 but somehow you find a way to persevere。 What's going on there。All right。First of all。

 you're learning the ins and outs， you're learning the ins and outs of how the new behavior works。

 Second of all， you're gathering evidence， okay， you're gathering evidence。

 you're looking at what other people are doing and you're experimenting， All right。

 you walk too far forward， you fall， you lean too far backwards， you fall。

 you stay centered and you move along。😡，Eventually you don't just hypothesize how to walk to you。

 do you guys have to think about moving one foot in front of the other as you walk down here， No。

 because you have now fully trusted in the bearings all right。

 so your mind has gone through the motions and now you have what's called an anticipated response。😡。

You have assumptions， Okay， and that is what internalization is called。

 Who here has ever heard the expression internalization。All right， good。

 well what internalization is is the process of trial and error。

That you have to go through to create an assumption that you never have to think about ever again。

 All right， So for something to be internalized， it means the following things。 First of all。

 you do it naturally。 Second of all， you're in the moment when you do it because it doesn't require any thought。

 And third of all， you never have to think about it ever again。 Allright。

 So at this point hass probably occurred to you that learning to be good with women is an identical process。

 isn't it you know， you're a kid again， you have new bearings that you have to internalize。

 You have to learn that it's okay to approach strangers， it's not a bomb。

 You're not gonna go tap tap and your hands gonna blow off。 All right。

 you have to learn that it's cool to ask for a phone number。 You know， you have to learn that， wow。

 people are actually friendly when you approach strangers that are friendly， All right。

 These are new bearings that you have to internalize。 Now， look， as I'm walking around through here。

 I'm not like。You know？All right， how about when you sit on a chair， You know。

 if you're right here and you want to sit down， you just go。Right there。 Am I like， okay。

 I have to make this work。 Tot belief， Tot belief， like in the seminar， totalt belief。Like that。

 I'm not thinking like that。 Am I， Allright， So look。Think about the best race car driver。

 The best race car driver， he knows the ins and outs of the car。

 So when he's going around the corner， he can， you know， he can pull it right。

 they call that full throttle。 is out his calling All right， he can go full throttle。 He can hit。

 you know， he can push the car hard。 Allright， The guys that are really great with women。

 They might be in the nightclub or wherever they are， and can push the car hard。 All right。

 they can push the limit。 They've made all those distinctions。

 The bearings are no longer foreign anymore。 Allright。

 It's their own they have now internalize these new bearings。

 Most guys going out if you're new or even intermediate。

 or even trying things you learned about in the seminar。

 You're having to trust in a foreign set of bearings。 Okay， You're like， He says that I can do this。

 All right， I got to go and try and do it。 and you're trying to gather evidence to make it work。

To understand it。 All right。Something as simple as leading。

 even as simple as that when you start leading the interaction。

 like getting used to being a social leader， you have to learn the ins and outs of it。 All right。

 and it might be embarrassing because you're trying to leave the interaction。

 You wind up making a jackass out of yourself。 Matt， that stuff happens。 But again。

 you can't be self-conscious。 You have to learn the ins and outs of it。All right。

 so what are we taught not to do， Are we taught to talk to strangers in life？NoOkay， good try， okay。

Are we taught to risk bothering people that we don't know。 Okay。

 So there's a couple bearings that you might have right now。 Allright， now。

 you don't necessarily know that this stuff can't be done。

 if you haven't approached lots of strangers， if you haven't taken that risk。

 you don't necessarily know it。 That's called secondhand knowledge。 All right。

 that's you've gathered your reality from a secondhand source。 All right。

 So in the same way that you don't know what will happen。 if you jump out of an airplane。

You just assumed it based on secondhand knowledge。 you don't know that you can't be a big pimp。

Because you never tried。All right， unless you really tried。You don't know。

 But because most social conditioning says that you can't。 you don't try。 All right。

So now we get to what's called the newbie's paradox。Al right， Who heres ever put on contact lenses。

Contacts， who has them All right， can anyone here describe what it's like initially putting on a new set of contacts painful burns。

 right how does it feel touching your eye of ball with your finger It's weird Does your eye want to automatically close itself。

 has these little What do we call that flinching。 right It's a flinching So your eye wants to close itself。

 Now what's great about this though， if you keep doing it every day and taking it in and out of your eye。

 your mind eventually says， hey， look at this man， you can put in the contact lens。

 nothing's gonna happen。So that's interesting。 you can gather the reference experiences to no longer feel that flinchingness when you want to do it。

 Well， how about a newbie。Who's learning to approach strangers and learning to approach women。

When he goes up。And he approaches women。If he's not confident in himself and he doesn't have belief。

 what kind of evidence is he going to get， positive or negative negative。Right， so for a newbie。

If you want to compare putting in a contact lens to approaching girls。

 this is like putting in a contact lens。 And when you touch it the first time。

 your eye explodes like a Death star。敢。😊，That's really what it's like because when you're a newbie。

 you're like， okay， they said in the program， it's okay to approach。 So you're like， all right。

 I'll go an approach， right， and then。 and of course。

 if a newbie's sense of self is if the sense of identity is not that strong yet。

 right if you're not don't have a strong sense of what you value and who you are。

 that girl blow you off。 your state's like like that， right， I don't want to do this anymore。

 The So is stupid。 So that's what's going on。 That is the newbie's paradox。 The paradox is this。

 in order to get that unwavering belief。 you need reference experiences to believe in。😡。

But you can't get the reference experiences without the unwavering believe a lot of the time。 I mean。

 you can get some， but you know， you're not going to get those incredible reference experiences that you want。

That's the newbie's paradox。 It's hard to break out of the newbie's paradox because。😡。

The more the newbie goes out and gets blown out， and what's that， Yeah， no。

 but you can't break out of it。 It's really， really difficult。 So look。嗯。To have unwavering belief。

 you have to get to a point where number one， you fully assume that what you're going to do is going to work。

And number two， here's the second criteria。 You have to be totally indifferent to the odd times that it doesn't。

Allright， so number one， you have to fully assume it works。 number two。

 you have to be indifferent if it doesn't work。 That is the only way that you're gonna approach women thoughtlessly without flinching。

 It's totally natural， congruent and smooth。 It cannot be like the little engine that could I think I can。

 I think I can。 I think I can。 you just understand it。 All right。

 that's what it means when it's internalized Like when you sit on a chair。 when you're walking。

 So you're relaxed about it。 There's definitely no sense of self or no pride tied into it。

 It's just a funny thing that you can do。 And you know that anybody else could figure it out if they were to try。

 So what that means is this。When you start to get good with women， you can't turn it。

 you can't make this identity out of it。 like， look at all this cool stuff that I can do that other people can't do。

 I'm so cool。 All right， you can't be coming from that perspective。 It's got to be like， yeah。

 that's this little cool thing that I can do。 Other people could learn it to。

 you don't make it into some kind of a big deal。 All right， When you're talking to somebody。

 you shouldn't have this false sense of superiority just because you know how to approach women。

 It's just a cool little thing that you know how to do。 if they were to wanted to learn how to do it。

 they could do it， if not fine。 That's called it's no big deal type of attitude because when you make it a big deal。

 you're constantly trying to reinforce it。What you need to be on is almost like a level where you know how。

 if you ask a natural about this stuff， they think it's funny。😡。

Have you ever noticed that when you talk to a natural about this stuff。

 it kind of messes with their heads。 All right， let me ask you this， look。

 imagine if I go up to you and I start saying， so you could really like drink water。😀Yeah。Right。

 look， look， just try because I'm just having a hard time grasping this。

 You could really drink water for real。 Like you can， you can just take it and like。

 you just pour it down your throat and you drink。Oh my God， right， That was amazing。

 That was amazing。 Allright， Okay， So okay， And so when I'm doing that， in some subtle way。

 obviously， you know， you can drink water， but in some subtle way。

 it's almost making you think like Yeah， right Like I think， right know， it's like it's like。

 maybe I can， No， I can't， I know I can right when they're being doubt。

 That's why natural a lot of the time， not always， but a lot of time when you talk to them about it。

 they're almost they're like what is this what is this guy。

 What he talking about and almost irritated because you're like you're messing with their reality it's starting to make you self doubt So you want to be on a level。

😊，Where it's fully internalized。Let's compare to walking through walls。Great comparison here。

All right， so look。Say that I believe that I can walk through this nice little paper pad here。

 All right， I'm going to walk through。The giant paper pad。

 which we could just imagine as being a wall。Could you make yourself？

Just by telling yourself over and over that it'll work， walk up to this and just perform。

 just pllow it over with like full belief。😡，How about like a concrete wall， Like like。

 you know when you walk into a patio door， how much that hurts because you walked into it hard。

 right， Like you fully walked into it， you didn't like slow down a bit。

 So it hits like there' a lot of momentum。 Well， in a lot of ways。

 telling a newbie that he can go approach a woman is like telling him that he can walk through a wall。

 There's always that little bit as he's approaching that little bit of flinch。

 that little bit of selfprotection。 What I call that is dipping your little tosies in the pond to see if it's warm。

 All right， It's like this。 It's like， I it warm。O， all right， like that。

 It's an inability to really put your personality on the line。

 And we call these ego defense mechanisms。 What ego defense mechanism is。

 is where you're talking to the girl and your unconscious mind will make you flinch so that you can tell yourself she didn't reject the real me。

 She rejected the flinching me。Youve ever been talking to a girl and you start going like this as you're talking。

 you're like。Like that， ever done that？Right， well， she rejects you。 Did she reject the real you。

 No No， she rejected the wobbling you， right？ So it wasn't the real you。

 It is not gonna affect your state on the same level。 And so that's that flinch。

 Most guys are not able to just walk up to a girl。 Hey， who are you， right They're not。

 They don't have that level of smoothness。 but it's when you get that level of smoothness that you become congruent。

 you become smooth。 You become sleek。 Like， you know it's just like that nice。

 You can tell a guy he's got just really nice skills with women。

 he's just got that smoothness about him。 that congruence about him。

 There's no flinching taking place。 It's not a belief system anymore。 It's an understanding。

 It's not， I believe that if I approach， I'll get a great response。 It's just an understanding。

 I understand that people are I understand。That the floor will hold me up。

 I understand the people are nice and I can talk to them。 I just understand it now。

 It's not this big deal。 I'm like， look what I can do。 Allright， I just yeah， I understand， oh。

 I'm gonna talk to them。 I just understand it。 You don't even think about it。

 That's what total belief means。 Newbie's paradox。Makes it very， very hard to achieve。

Let's say you want to scramble yourself。Let's say that you want to sort of scramble yourself out of Newbie's paradox。

 You want to get out of it。This is one of the for me。

 this has been one of the biggest epiphanies that I've learned to get myself into state。

 to get that nimmus burning in a raging inferno very， very quickly。😡，And that is this。

The halfway point between fear and total belief。😡，You want to know what it is？indifference。

 you got it。Indifference， the halfway points between total belief。And being a showed is indifference。

So what， so is it a good idea to try to cultivate total belief， Can you do that。

 Can you try to deliberately go out and try and cultivate total belief， Like。

 I'm going go out tonight and try and cultivate total belief。

 even though I'm gonna to get blown out a whole bunch of times as a newbie。

And the only belief that I'm going to learn is that I suck。Because of my reference experiences。

 but I'm gonna try to cultivate total belief。 You can't really do that guys。 All right， as a newbie。

 you can't really go out and try to cultivate total belief because you're trying to gather what reference experiences。

 is everyone here know what reference experiences are。 reference experiences like， you know。

 when you're a kid， you're trying to walk。 You're trying to see that the floor will hold。

 you're trying to see that if you move forward， this will happen。 If you move backwards。

 this will happen。 You're gathering what is called reference。 You're gathering evidence。 All right。

 That's why newbies are always out there desperate to gather evidence of their newfound identity。

 right， Like I want to feel like this cool guy。 and then you need to keep getting evidence to prove that you're that cool guy。

 So you cannot get evidence。That all people will respond well to you if you don't totally believe it。

 You're not going to get evidence of that。 All that you're going to get is a newbie is evidence that you suck。

 Typically， that's the evidence that you're going to get。

And I got a lot of that heavenness for a long time。 All right， so。When you're starting out。

 there's no possibility of gathering evidence or reference experiences that great that you're this big pm。

 but you can gather reference experiences that it doesn't matter what people think of you。😡。

You can gather evidence of that。 All right， So by going out night after night， getting shot down。

 getting hammered， getting humiliated， getting embarrassed。

 you can gather a lot of evidence of one thing。 It really doesn't matter what anybody thinks of you。

 That is what you could learn。 So you're going out。 You're learning。

 It doesn't matter what anybody thinks of you， and you go through these motions。 You go through。

 you go through it。 And eventually you cross something that's beautiful。

And that something is what I call the indifference threshold。All right， there is that nice。

 we call it the harmonious tin。Of true indifference。 Allright， true indifference。Okay。

 a true letting go of the outcome is a harmonious thing that somebody has when they have let go of the outcome and they're not reaching in their interactions anymore。

 Okay， it's like a loss of neediness。 And when you can let go， All right。

 when you can let go of that need for outcome， suddenly what happens is。😡。

The girls start being nicer。 You may not be on a level where you know。

 you can pull them out of there。 And it's like all pimp， but they start to really open up。

 And so what you can essentially do is bombard your mind。 Allright。

 because what is the system put in place to do， the system， which is so that。Okay。

 stop and really think about how this system is designed to screw you over。 Okay。

 really think about this。Women respond to guys that are confident。 Why。

 Why do they respond to guys that are confidence， guys， sex in the reality， Okay what else guys。

 high value， right， if your confidence is that the confidence that attract you is's what it communicates。

😡，Okay，The confidence communicates that you're probably successful with other women。

 That's really what is。 it is communicating resourcefulness other things。

 But confidence is communicating that you're successful with other women。 All right， so。😊。

When you the system is designed。Like like the woman's evolutionary system is designed not to feel attracted to you if you're not confident。

Right， it's designed to do that。 So if you're not successful with women。

 the system is put there to prevent you some little slug。

 right when you're starting out if you're ch from getting girls because it's to prevent the population from being overrun with ch babies。

 All right， you know， that's， I mean， we're getting very， this is very black and white thinking。

 right， stream streaming generalizations。 But you know， thats around just just being silly。 But like。

The system is put there so that you can't be successful。 The system is put there， so that。

You cannot get confident unless you really， you know， have what the women want， right。

 and like have that， you know， survival reproduction value。

 So what you can do is you have to scramble the system。 All right。

 you have to scramble your own brain。Essential， what you have to do is pummel your brain with so much so many references so much experience that your brain that the whole system just goes。

All right， that's what's got to take place。 So when you take as a newbie。

 when you go out and you just go approach approach right and you're just getting blown out and and you're like。

 oh， I'm gonna stop and you go， no， keep going。 right， That's what a boot camp is right， Keep going。

 All right， and you keep going boom， boom， And then eventually your mind goes， you know what。😡。

It doesn't matter what anyone thinks of me。 Look， I'm still here。I'm okay。 I'm fine。

And then you cross what is called the indifference threshold。And that's when things change。

 because now you're indifferent。 And now the groups do open。 Allright。

 And now I want you to think of it like this。 Think of your mind。 We said it is always pinging。

 Your mind' is always pinging for evidence。 So this is you。 It's always doing this。 Allright。

 It's doing that。And it's looking for normal and permissible behavior。 That's what it's looking for。

 So when you start to go out， initially， you're afraid that if you go an approach that that is not normal and permissible behavior and you could get pounded。

 you could get beat up。 you could get your as， whatever you get the giant rock throwing your head and you're on。

 you're done。 Allright。 But then when you do it。 And then your mind is pinging， right。

 It's going ping ping ping ping ping。 You're doing that。 And then your mind goes， look。

 this is normal and permissible behavior。 That's what's going on there。 Okay， boom。

 I can do this now。 So what happens is you go from being what's called stifled to unstifled。😡。

And this is a realization。This year， what I'm going to explain to you guys was the realization that allowed me to get from like a fairly consistent level to a almost like。

Close to 100%， consistent， good nice level。 This is the realization。 And this is， you know。

 we're deep in a day4 here。 This is what part of what we've be building up to。

The indifference threshold is something that can be crossed very quickly， extremely quickly。

 But you have to recognize it in yourself。 So do you remember when I brought up。What's your name。

 Scott， Okay， remember when I brought Scott up here， right， and I got him to yell。

 Do you guys remember that， Okay， did you notice that at first， he couldn't yell。

 And then eventually， when people are cheering and yell and clapping， suddenly he can yell。

That's called stifling。 Okay， Think of stifling。Like a cup。It's like this， okay。

 here's you and here's the cup and it's holding you in。 All right。

 what it's saying is don't like don't extend your behavior beyond a certain range， It's saying， look。

😡，Here's what's telling you。 stifling。 It's saying if this is your range。

 don't let your voice be heard pass this range。 don't take up like you know when you're in an elevator and you're taking up space。

 It says， don't take up space beyond X， Y， Z range， whatever that whatever it determines。

 It says don't go approach people like don't go interrupting people。

 taking up their time and space don't do that。 All right， It's doing that to you。

 It's called stifling。 So for years and years。😡，I've been doing this voice exercise that we did yesterday。

 All right， where we yell。 And you can see it' It's like magic how you can take a guy who has a totally screwed up voice。

 he's totally stifled。 And then you can unlock him。 All right。

 You unlock him by getting him unstifled。 Do you want to know what I never knew。

 I never saw this coming。😊，I， myself， get stifled。I thought that I didn't get that anymore。

 I thought that I didn't have an issue with that。 Do you want to know why stifling happens。

 It happens because as you change environments， you're not totally certain of what that environment is。

 your unconscious mind stifles you in。 And so what happens is your voice is not totally unlocked。

 Allright， your voice goes down。 It says this isn't it。 So what you quickly have to do Okay。

 imagine like a dragon ball Z character or something right。

 And it's like like that and you kind expand out。 And then and then you show that you can expand out。

 It's called unciifling yourself。 Allright， And what I did was actually， as for a couple months。

 took up the practice of unciifling myself once every five minutes。 and it was incredible。

 What happened。 So look。嗯。Okay， so you get in the nightclub， all right， you get in there。

Who here finds that they get stifled a lot if you want to use yourself as an example？

Do you get stifled out， Dan， happens time because I need someone who who you can tell that they're stifled when they yell。

 Okay， who here， I don't think you get stifled at all。 Okay， Allright， okay， who here gets stifled。

 Probably that's a really dumb question because if someone stifled they're not gonna put their hand up。

 All right， Okay， do you get stifled， you don't sound that stifled right now。

 I want to teach you guys what stifling sounds like。 Do you get stifled。 Okay， wait。

 I'm looking for someone， do you get stifled。He's a little bit slightly。We're looking for someone。

 You know why， do you know what's happening here， Let me guys tell you a secret。

 When I do the stifling exercise。It's actually a gamble every time that I do， you want to know why？

Because when I bring the guy up here and I say， yell。If I picked the wrong guy。

 I've been doing this exercise for years， right， and I'm trying to make my point。

 So we were lucky because we had a great example yesterday， right。

 and everybody else probably would have been stifd as well。 They would have been called up。

 But what happens is if I call you up。And I say here， yell。 And then this guy yells。

 and he's unsciifled。 I still want to show the example。

 When I call up the next guy who would normally be stifled， he's not stifled anymore。

 Do you guys see why， because he goes， look， it's okay to yell in here。 Yeah。

 we're okay to yell in here。 And then my then my whole demonstration is blown as a teacher right。

 It sucks。 so that's I'm always like gotta pick even when I go to teach。

 I'm like looking through like who' is Mr。 stifled here。 And sometimes I can find great example。

 So look， maybe we'll see if we can find someone because I really want to get you guys super in touch with this。

 Okay， are you stifled。 No， yell for me。Now he's not stifled。 Try yelling。 Yeah， fuck。 Allright。

 this room has become unstifled。 All right， okay。All right， any stful cases here。 How about you。有有。

yell louder。 Okay， how about you。Yeah。How about you？how about you， Okay， get up here right。はい。So C。

Okay， so hop up， okay。Allright， Okay， so yell， okay he probably will get on s because y'll clap for him。

 But anyway， go ahead， try yell。 All right， does it sound better than before。 Okay， so Ka look。

 what if we， let's think of something maybe like an okay， sing happy birthday。😊。

Happy birthday to you Okay， come on， give it everything birthday to you Okay now stop。 Okay。

 now I'm going to sing it with you and then I'm gonna to get you to keep going after Okay。

 get from start from the star Okay， ready， Okay， happy birthday to you。Happy birthday kill year。😊。

Happy birthday， dear， Ra your God。だって。えき？All right。😀Okay， so we call that being unsful。 Okay。

 so what happens there。 Okay， now sing it again。 Qui。 Everyone will go quiet。 We're judging you。

 Okay， if this isn't good as last time， that means you're not as cool。 All right， Okay， no， no。

 don't even laugh。 He will be rejected and ostracized。 Okay， No， no。 what what are you laughing for。

 dude。😊，Okay， you better do this good if you don't， Okay， I've got a rock back there。 Okay， no， no。

 don't laugh at this。 Okay， do it good。 Okay， go ahead， Happ birthday。やめ？🎼Bday。

Can you guys see the dip Can guys see the dip， Can you see when he' when he's out of his head and then goes into his head。

 Okay， you can see like he's doing he's doing really well。 by the way， he not。

 Would you guys want to， okay， would you guys want to be up here having to do that shit， right。

 you know， So， right， so we're So as an example， And then you guys could， of course。

 see it back there， right， you can detect the stifling。 I give him a hand guys I give。👏All right。

 thanks。👏So。Allright， look， what I want you guys to be able to do is start to detect that stifling。

 Okay， And so what I started to do when I went out is is we started as a test。

 we started a every five minute stifling check。 me and my buddy oldgi， right。

 So we'd be out in Honolulu。 and out of nowhere， we would just start to sing。 And I was very。

 very surprised to notice that a lot of the times when I thought I was totally uns stifled。

 I'd be like， happy。 And then I'm like。😊，Mother fuckcker， I'm stifled， right？ I don't feel stifled。

 but it's very， very subtle。 It's a subtle thing。 And a lot of you guys have had those nights where you do amazingly well and had nights where you thought that you're doing the exact same thing。

 but you didn't do as well。 And a lot of that comes down to that whole stifling right。

 It comes down to the stifling because what's happening to you is look。

 say that you're very into like a natural style， right， your new really natural style。

 you start to learn it。 maybe one night you feel really un stifled。 So go，y， who are you or hey。

 you know， my name's Owen。 whatever it is that you like to do。 and it works amazing。

 Then on other nights likey， my name's Owen。 it's like，y。

 my name's Owen It's like there's just not that richness。 The richness isn't in the voice。

 that richness is what she's responding to that un stifledness both in your body language voice。

 your verbal expression is that unstifledness。 So what I realize was that number one。

 When I'm out on my own。 Any time I'm out on my own， I don't say to myself。

 I need to be confident right now。I just say I need to cross the indifference threshold as quickly as possible。

 all right， so don't try to be confident in life， just try to be indifferent。

 Confid will then flow from that point， yourself allow yourself to fail。

 allow yourself to be indifferent to the outcome。😡，Now this is an amazing thing。

 What happens to an individual when they consistently start to cross the indifference threshold because as you go out and you start to cross that indifferent threshold and you're going out a lot。

 what happens is eventually you do get some new reference experiences and they feel good and eventually what can start to happen is as you do this more and more。

 you start to realize that this new identity that you have is better。😡。

Do you guys remember how I said， like if you're talking to your girlfriend and you compliment her on something。

 she'll want to live up to that identity， you guys remember that。

 Do you guys remember how yesterday or maybe it was the day before I can't remember this point。

 we talked about how early in life say that you show creativity or show leadership and people give you props for it。

 you recognize that that's a better identity to have。😡，Have you guys ever seen a goth kid。

 You guys remember the golfth kids in school， Maybe you're one of them who they start off。

 Maybe they're like a nerd， right？ You were a goth。 That is awesome。 if you' were goth were you Yeah。

 oh I thought you point yourself， I would have loved that。 you were goth here All right。

 So remember when you start off， did you start off as a nerd。

 Yeah So then you hang out like you hang out with the goth crowd right And at first。

 you just hang out with them and they give you acceptance。

 So then maybe next time that you're out getting a shirt， you choose the black shirt。

 right then maybe the next time that you're out， you choose the doc Mars or the new rocks or whatever shoes。

 Then maybe the next time that you're out buying a Cd。 you choose the9ishnails album。

 the Marilyn Manson album。 Then next time that you're out。

 you notice some black makeup and you decide to try it on right And then within about 18 months time。

 you've gone from being a nerd to being this kind of like know angs filled gaunt like with the chin sucked in kind of goth。

あじ。Okay， and you turned it that， right，Right， yeah。Karen does that sometimes well now。 So， I mean。

 that is where you get， you know， it's an identity level shift。 Well。

 in the same way that a nerd can become a goth is the same way that you could become a champion。

 right， Because when you're going out and you're trying to take on those behaviors。

 eventually when your mind has the click。Like it goes like that。

 It's better to be this like high value guy， this cool guy， this fun， social。

gregregarious person than it is to try to avoid attention and not infringe on anybody。

 Once you've had that click。 little remember we talked about microbehas。

 the microbehas start to come in。 What happens is remember reicular you're seeing a lot of concepts converging here guys。

 you know， reticular activation system。 What reticular activation system does is it starts to look at the behaviors of cool guys with more clarity than it did before。

All right， once your mind has had the click， it's better to be this cool dude。

 your mind starts RASing， focusing in without you even realizing it on the super， super。

 super subtle， super microbehas of really cool guys That's essentially what happens。 In fact。

 if you've ever been out and you start to bust out the funniest humor that you've ever bust it out that very well could be that once you've taken on the mindset that you want to be funny。

 there could be some comedian guy on TV like three months ago。

 and your whole RA system like tuned into that It tune into the rhythms of it and the vibe of it。

 And you didn't even know that it did that。 That's why there is no magic pill。

 it's a process that you go through。 And that's why when people learn this whole deep identity level change thing。

 you can see such a drastic shift such an amazing shift in such a short period of time。

 maybe like a year， two years and someone is different。

In the same way that that a nerd can go to a goth in you know，1218 months。

 you can go into a champ in 1218 months， right And then maybe over the next two years。

 all the little gaps get filled in。 Does anyone here feel like they've reached an intermediate level。

 and they're just kind of waiting for those little gaps to feel And Does anyone here feel like that。

 Great， A lot of you where you've reached an intermediate level。

 But there's still certain little behaviors that you don't have。

 As long as that click in your mind has gone off。 I like being a champ。 I enjoy this。

 because maybe you're going out， you get treated like that once in a while。

 and then you're getting that evidence， the little pieces of the puzzle will fill themselves in。

 All right， the painting that is the new you， if you just keep going out， will begin to fill it in。

 The canvas will fill in。 Is't awesome， How awesome is that guys It is awesome。😊。

