# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：01.人们总是生活在迷茫之中_ev【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

Hey guys， welcome to the blueprint this is a program that I've really been working on for about。

About four years now， it was a book that I set out to write back in 2004。

And I worked on it for a long time as a pet project。

 everybody asked me where is it what's happening with it and it's something that I guess I couldn't put out until now because every time that I learned something。

 I found something else that I didn't know and I went deeper and deeper into it。

 learn new things and was able to enrich myself and hopefully able to enrich the people that learn from it now look this is a program that unlike a lot of other things that you learn is not about egobased learning right so unlike most programs where that anyone would do where we're trying to teach you this special idea or that special idea and maybe every idea that you get makes you feel more enhanced this is more a program about signpost and it's about signpost is leading you from a place of social conditioning over to a place of real self-esteeem and real authenticity and you'll understand more about what that means when you watch it right so when you come at this what I really want you to remember is that it's not about memorizing every little thing but rather it's about finding that place inside yourself that this program is going to point you towards。

Anyway， I want to thank you for coming and getting this program。

 You have my undying appreciation for it。 I hope that you enjoyed as much as I did making it。

 Thank you so much。😊，How you guys doing？Good。I'm Tyler from Real Social Dnas。

 welcome to the Blueprint decoded Super conference。This is a big weekend for you guys。

 it's going to be huge。You guys awake？You guys can have a good time today。Yeah。😊，Okay， nice， nice。

 So you guys must be wondering。Four days。Four days。What are you thinking？Are you thinking。

 how am I going to fill up four days？Okay， this is all me， all right， no guest speakers。Allright。

 there's no guest speakers coming up here。 This is me， just me and you guys， One big。

 happy family for four days。 All right， what am I going to talk about。

 What am I going to cover today。 Well， look， let me。😊，Introduce it like this。嗯。

I was thinking just actually as I woke up this morning， how？Once you reach one goal。

 the natural tendency， whether it's healthy or not， who knows。

 is to always want more okay And when I first started doing this。My goals were very， very， very。

 very modest。You guys might know my story just to recovered very simply my girlfriend dumped me when I was about something like 20 years old。

 I went into a massive tailspin of depression， I was totally lost and confused I almost failed out of school that year which crushed my dreams to go to grad school as a philosophy major and I was just finished so I thought you know what I need to get a new girlfriend how am I gonna to get a new girlfriend I'm gonna to go out and try to approach five women a day until I get a new girlfriend of course that built up and built up and built up。

After a while， I actually found out， whoa， look， you can get a skill set of this。

 You can actually learn something。 You could actually have this， not just， you know。

 by approaching lots of women， finally get a girlfriend， you could actually get this as a skill。

 so I kept going。But here's what drove me nuts， and I want you guys to tell me if anyone here has had the same experience as this。

😡，On one night， you can be the man。Okay， you could be incredible， you could be like， you know。

 we have a lot of jokes in RSD， the Lord。😡，All right， okay， we have a lot of joke terms like that。

 You could be the Lord， but。What if it's a mediocre night， or What if it's a bad night， Well。

 on a bad night， you are not only not the Lord。But you are the biggest ch in the club right and you're not just the biggest show in the club like by a little bit。

 you are like like at least normally the biggest ch in the club would just be kind of like， you。

 you know， whatever， you know， maybe you know， got us drink up。Like that。Okay。But not。

 because you're like。Hey guys。好。はが好。And you just go home， you're like。Right。

 and it feels like everybody in that club had a great night except you。 Then you have mediocreized。

 you have a wide， different range of nice， and you could be using。The exact same lines。

 you could be saying the exact same things。 You could even be doing it the exact same way。

 But there's all these different variables that you're not aware of that are causing you not to be consistent。

 And this drove me nuts。I'll tell you my perspective。

 which is not the same situation that you guys exist in。

 but you could see how coming from this perspective it would drive you to the length that I went to。

 I was running real social dynamics， so I've been running that since I was 22 years old。

 that was the job that I came up with in college because I was totally screwed so I was broke with no money so it built real social dynamics and。

You know， I was getting a level of success。 I was doing the boot camps， getting success。

 But the thing was the boot camps were new back then。

 So you guys see this as the big flourishing business that it is now。

 you know you guys see it before the old days back when I used to sleep in a walking close back when I used to sleep on people's floors back when we used to go from city to city and not having any idea how we would get to the next city because we had no money this was the old days we wanted to grow this and build this and on some nights I could do incredible approaches I could meet women。

 I could get all those great results that you guys won all that know don't need to be too explicit about it。

 but basically I could get the great results， but on other nights I sucked and this drove me pretty much insane because I always felt like I had something to prove。

 I always felt like I was trying to prove myself and coming from a frame of trying to prove yourself It got to be the most outcome attached like totally needing the outcome not even needing for the girl at this point but just needing that outcome so badly and it just kills your whole you know。

Your game just sucks whenever you're coming from that kind of a frame。

 So then things got even more messy When I had things like you know。

 a Rolling Stone reporter following me around。 I had all sorts of different media on me。

 And I was continually paranoid。 Could I be this guy with incredible skills with women， you know。

 in front of all these different people。 So what I wanted was consistency。

 That is what I really wanted。 And it eluded me completely for about the first three years working on this stuff。

 Just completely eluded me， I did not really have the level of consistency that I wanted。

 And to be honest， it was kind of an identity crisis。 And I don't know。

 have you guys ever experienced that like am I this big pimp I showed。 What am I。

 have you guys ever gone through that， Yeah， you know， you've seen that kind of you know。

 like that sort of。呃。You haven't experienced quite that。

 You you haven't quite had that click yet where you don't need to think about it anymore。

 Maybe you still need to go out to the club and do a warmup。 Maybe you're sitting， you。

 maybe you're sitting by yourself having a bite to eat and you see a girl that you want to go talk to and you feel like you have to put on your pickup persona in order to like snap out of it and go over and talk to her you know。

 maybe maybe you see a girl who you just find to be exceptionally attractive is the kind of girl you really want to meet and you feel more pressure。

 any of these kinds of things。 And that。Really drove me nuts， because。It's funny。 On one level。

 when I first got into this stuff， just being completely confused， not having any chance of women。

 pretty much repelling any women that I met as far away from me as humanly possible。

 then going to the level where， you know， I could be girls and I could have a level of success。

 I thought that that was it。 I thought that that was what I really wanted。 But goals evolve。

I bet a lot of you guys in here， you know， you've gotten that initial level of success。

 You've gotten even a high level of success。But you want that identity level change。

 You want it to be not something you're doing， but something you are。All right。

 and that's the first theme of this program that I'm going to introduce to you guys is。

Being successful with women， you know， being attractive to women is not something you do is something you are。

 All right， and another way of looking at that is being not doing。

 So if you guys want to think of a theme for this program， think about it like being not doing。

 All right， so that you can reach a point where you walk up to a woman and you don't feel like you're doing anything。

 you're just being and therefore you don't have a lot of those you know， identity issues。

 you don't get that approach， anxiety， nothing like that。 All right， Nest see。😡。

This is an advanced program。All right。This is probably。Well， it's not probably。

 this is absolutely the most advanced program that we've ever run。😡，If you're a newbie。

You should be really happy why， because you're going to have。A really healthy， solid。

Really awesome set of principles drilled into you right from the stars。If you're intermediate。

This is what's going to get you thinking to becoming a real natural。 And if you're advanced。

This is what's going to allow you。To get that full change that you're looking for。Now。

 let me say another thing。The seminar that I'm doing this weekend is utterly bizarre as sound。

It's really basically done in almost like a secret code。And what that means is that you're not meant。

To understand any more than the level that you're at to go to the next level。

 the first time that you watch this and look at the principles behind it。😡。

I've done that very intentionally。Okay， so what I mean is this。

 This is not one of those seminars where I'm like。10 funky steps。To getting what you want， step1。

 clean your car。Right， step 2， get a breath min。 Okay， this is not that kind of a seminar。 Allright。

 we're gonna be going really， really deep here。 We're assuming an intelligent audience。 No， I'm not。

 there's no spoon feeding going on here。 We're gonna be going deeper than anything that you probably could have expected。

 When I do these things。 I want to make this really clear。 I spent four years writing the blueprint。

Okay。😊，4。Years， all right， four years， okay？I didn't do that for a commercial audience now， did I？

I didn't do that to make people happy。I wrote the blueprint for myself。And only myself。

 these are the principles that I needed to learn to distill it from my own self。 All right。

And that's what makes it what it is。This was like me。😡。

Frustrated and confused and wanting to hit like a complete identity level change。

 I wanted to hit a point where。It wasn't just， it wasn't just success with women。

 I wanted just social success and success with myself in general。

 where I could carry myself as a man and never have to be concerned about this stuff ever again。

 Allright， I never wanted to have to think about approach anxiety ever again。

 I never wanted to have to think about performing ever again。

 I didn't want to have to think about trying to be something I'm not。 Allright， I just。

 I wanted that centeredness。 And I could not get it the old way that I was doing things。

 even though I was getting that initial level of success。

 So this was the direction that I took it in。 All right， now let me tell you guys a story。Okay。

 let me tell you guys a story。And I want to say again， before we get going on that， this seminar。

 every time that you watch it is going to make more sense to you。 Okay。

 every time that you come back to the principles that you learned here。

Its going's going to hit you on a different level。 What that means is like。If you go out now。

Maybe the surface level principles are hitting you in a year from now。

 the same principles that you learned here are going to take on a completely different meeting。

 And in four years from now， because that's about what it took me to work on all this stuff。

 It's going to have an entirely different meaning。And so if you think that you understood it now。

 we're going to go deeper and deeper and deeper every year that you come back to it because this is really about you。

 this is about your journey。Okay， this is about you guys。 All right， now look。

Let me go back to my story。So when we started this stuff。

Let me tell you a little bit about the history of this community， of this industry。

 this new phenomenon that's going on。You guys right now are at a real social dynamic seminar。😡，Okay。

It's a beautiful thing。 We're sitting here in this nice hotel。We've got a good camera setup。

We've got tables。If this was us a few years back， we would probably be hidden in some schoolroom or something that we snuck into。

Probably you would have。Like bean bags to sit on or something or not even that。

We would run these things out of coffee cafes。 We would run them out of people's houses that would let us run them。

It was a small little thing， it was an underground thing， okay？And。How did I you know。

 how did I get to this position like， you know， I'm sitting here like。

 how did my life come to this point， How did I get here， How did you guys get here。

 Where did this come from， Well， Let me tell you a little bit about the history。

This industry was started a long time ago， about 15 years ago。And back then。You know。

 it was newer technology。 It was newer sets of ideas and ideas evolve， right。

 And I really give a lot of love and respect to everyone who's been involved in moving this body of knowledge forward。

 even if I don't at all agree with the things that they taught。

 I completely respect everybody because they moved it forward without them paving the way I wouldn't be where I'm at。

 know， they saved me the trouble of trial and error。Now， back then， the frame was kind of like。

 you know， we're men， right and we're pissed off。We're men and we're pissed off。

We can't get hot girls。And they won't even give us the time of day。

 so you know what we're going to do？fuckuck。😡，Okay。バた願します。All right， after we them。

 fuck more of them， okay？Make个 pay。 that was kind of the frame that， you know。

15 years ago said to things。 I mean， not totally。 okay， I shouldn't， you know， that's。

 that's a value judgment。 It's not totally like that。

 And any community has a different range of people， you know。

 and that's not necessarily responsibility of any one person。You know， then things move forward。

 right， and we found out more ways basically， the assumption was this。

 And here's the basic assumption。 You know， as things move forward。 The idea was。

Here's the gist of it。Here's the girl。That's called a pedestal， by the way。Okay。Here is the。

 I actually just had the horrid realization that G and G girl and guys， the same thing。

So well call that a。我们。はい。😊，Okay， so。And here's the man， right？And he's got to find a way to。

Get up there。That was the kind of frame that we were coming from， right， So we come up like， look。

 I've got little tricks。got these tricks that we can use。

And we can flip the script on them put the script on these women right we'll show them okay and that was the frame when I was 22 years old。

 when I first found this stuff as a guy who had ever only ever had sex with one girl and basically every other woman had pretty much utterly rejected me on all levels and I thought it was because they were mean。

 just girls were mean。😡，嗯。That made a lot of sense to me。 That That was great。

 right That made perfect sense。 I wouldn' I wouldn't say I was like pi like super pissed off or anything。

 but I'd say I was pretty much willing to go to any means necessary in order to get to get a girlfriend。

 If it made sense， let's do it right now。😊，Fast forward， fast forward to now。What's the realization？

And this is kind of what we're going to be talking about this weekend。This is。All in。Your。Head。

It shits all in your head， guys。It's so in your head。 It's not even funny。 Okay。

 this is so in your head。 It's not even funny。 It's not accurate。 It's just not true。

And you think it's true because you're thinking， here's probably what you're thinking， right？

You're thinking， because this is how I've thought for years。 She's a beautiful girl。😊，She's gorgeous。

She's socially proved guys want her， she looks great。I'm an average looking guy。You。

 maybe you know not particularly wealthy， not particularly good looking。This is easy。 I mean。

 the math is real simple here， right？On'm there。And she's there。 That's， that's got to be what it is。

 right， That has got to be what this is。 The truth is， it's all in your head。

 It's it is so in your head。 It is not even funny， and。

As simple of an epiphany as this that in reality。You're here。Is the start of the blueprint？

This doesn't have to make sense yet， by the way。Anyway。

 this was an interesting industry you guys know me as Tyler。

RightSome of you might know me as Tyler Durden， which is the character from Chuck Pollyick's novel F Club。

 back in the day， there was this forum， there was an underground forum on dating and meeting women。

 So my story was basically after my girlfriend brutally dump me and left me confused and helpless。

 which by the way， entirely deserved by the time I didn't understand I just thought she was really mean。

嗯。I started approaching five women a day。 It was actually about a year and after about a year in of trying to recuperate。

 I started approaching five women a day， just thinking that I could get a girlfriend。Anyway。

 eventually I went onto the internet and I found different internet forums and these were underground forums that would discuss this topic and it was great because there was all these people who knew tons and tons of stuff about it。

 Now the internet forums were funny because they had all people had all sorts of funny names like Zippyy Dragon or likesychoman know and stuff like that。

 So I thought I'll pick Tyler Duton， my favorite movie character So that's what I picked my real name is Owen Cook you guys can call me O whenever you want。

 but I'm known as Tyler now because there's an entire brand awareness is built around that name these days。

😊，And I go by both。 I respond to both。Anyway， look， we built that up， we started traveling。

 We started doing these programs， okay， getting a certain level of success， better success。

 to be honest， than anyone that I had ever personally met at the time， and I was thrilled with it。

 I was happy。 But then what started to happen was 2004 hit。😊，And in 2004。

 suddenly this industry started to get a lot of attention。

Every other day I had a reality TV show contacting me。

 trying to create a reality TV show about being a pickup artist。😡，Most of them were just， you know。

 people that claimed that they were friends with the guy that made the show survivor， you know。

 most of them， you know， they really didn't， you know most of them were a joke。

 but some of them are pretty legit offers then of course you had you know different books being written on the industry that had a possibility of going mainstream and there was all this different press that was starting to come in on the industry why because the industry itself is somewhat of oddity。

 It's a very bizarre looking industry from an outsider's perspective。

 And so obviously it's just something that kind of look and go。Like God， these guys do that right。

 And people love that。 People love a train rack， people love drama， all that kind of stuff。

 And there was all sorts of interesting。 You know， people love to learn how to pick up girls， right。

 like， you know， all these different magazines and stuff。 So basically。

 there was all sorts of media coming down。 Now， this left me in a state of paranoia。😊。

Because I was like， look at this， I have all these great pickup lines。

 all these great pickup tactics。😡，These are really good。 They're working。 I've gotten girlfriends。

 I have actually seen a woman like a random stranger on the street。

 approached her and had success with her。 Wow， okay。

 and now it's going to become the what's your sign of the new millennium。

All this stuff is going to be so played。All right， my friend Olja has a song he goes， he goes。

 sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your game。All and see the thing is， look。

 we're seeing this and we're going what are we going to do， we're screwed。

 we're done right because this is going to get so popular， look maybe it won't， maybe it will。

 I don't really know who knows， who knows what'll happen。😡，But if it does， we're done。

 And you know what， even if it doesn't， now we're walking around paranoid。

Indefinitely always trying to like hoard it to ourselves and stuff like that。 You know。

 these lines and stuff like that。 And I didn't like that。

I could not tell you how much more incongruent that made me feel compared to like， you know。

 when I first started today talking about how you feel like some nights you're doing good and some nights you're not doing so good。

 Well， just this extra factor made me feel entirely even more incongruent than I did before。

 Let me tell you， drove me nuts。So I made a choice at that time。

 I had a meeting with my entire staff。I sat down my entire staff。😡。

Thiss big house used to live in Los Angeles。 SAT him down。 I said， look。We've got to become natural。

 We've got to go natural，100%。And of course， they just laughed at me。Right is。

You want us to be like chs。You want us to do what choses do。Like， hey。What's your name？

What do you do， where are you from， what's that like And I said。

 look I don't know I don't really know how we're gonna do it。

 but I do know that if we keep doing it based on this model if we keep going in that direction and we keep meeting women using a lot of different pickup lines and pickup tactics We're never going to become naturals because we've been doing this for several years now。

 and I haven't become a natural yet and that's not going to happen So I said。

 look we need to test it， we need to find out we need to test it I said。

 look why don't we're gonna to take two weeks off I'm not even kidding I couldn't even make this stuff up。

😡，So I gave the whole staff。Which， by the way， we were already about a quarter million and dead in our business at that time。

 I gave the whole staff two weeks off and said， we're just going to comb the city and just approach women as big naturals and just see what we could learn。

 And we're gonna to start this process now。 And it's probably going to be a long road。

 And believe me it was a lot longer than I thought it would take。

 This is going take a long time to figure out。 but we're gonna start now。 And I went out that night。

 I went out to the standard in Los Angeles。 and the saddle ranch。😊。

And I saw the first girl and I said， okay， I'm going to approach is totally natural。

 what am I going to say？I was like， I was like， you， make a joke out of it。

 I'll just do the most chdy thing I could think of。 I'll give her a compliment。 Okay。

 most chdy thing I could think of。 So I walked up。 I said， hi， you know。

 some I can't remember what it was。 You know， you know， you're so adorable， so cute。 something。

 My name's Owen。😊，And she actually responded well。But here's what was interesting。

 She responded well， and it was actually pretty good。 But what I noticed was。

 and you guys may notice this yourselves as I SAT there。My heart started to pound。Right。

 and there was all these little autopilot responses going off in my mind like， say this tour。 now。

 say this tour。 now， say this tour。And I was like， I'm not gonna to do that。

 And then here's what really freaked me out。 And this is what really set me on this path hard。

 I'm not。 I couldn't even make this up。 My knees actually started to shake。 Okay。

 so my knees started to go like this。 have you guys ever seen looney tunes where it goes like that。

 I thought that was like a joke， right， I thought it was like one of those just arbitrary things like his knees are shaking That's what I thought it was。

 No， my knees started shaking。 Okay， I don't know if this was a reaction from washing loooney tunes。

 I was a kid or something， but my knees started like that。 And I was。Like that。

 And then you know what my Pphany was。Something is wrong with me。Something is really wrong here。

 Something is terribly， terribly wrong that if I'm walking up to a woman。 And I mean， at this point。

 look， I mean， at this point， I'd been approaching women。About a thousand days straight。Okay。

 this is about， you guys ever heard of the 30 day challenge before where you got 30 days in a row to work on your skills with women。

 I did the 1000 day challenge at this point。 Okay， I had been out  seven nights a week。

 You couldn't keep me in the house。 Okay， I had to go out。 I would， if I had to stay in the house。

 I would just go nuts。 I would go insane。 I had to go out。 I just loved it。 Okay， I loved it so much。

 I still do so。I'm unlike like10 night challenge。 at this point， women were no problem， you know。

 on that kind of level。 I certainly wasn't experiencing those kinds of emotions。

 And yet here I was talking to a girl who liked me。The girl likes me， and I'm sitting there。

 and my knees are going like this。 And here's the realization that I had。 And， and by the way。

 the next few approaches I did were very similar to that。

 And I had to bail out usually after about two or three minutes。😊。

What I realized was all of the tactics that I had been learning。We're like a shell。Over the old me。

And nothing internally had actually changed。Even in spite of having success， nothing internal。

 there had been no shift there。 There'。 I mean， I shouldn't say nothing because when I first started。

I probably couldn't have even lasted three minutes， so maybe a little bit had changed。

 but for the most part， I was not the man I thought I was， let's put it to you that way。

 I thought I was like this big pimp， you know and clearly I was not the man that I thought I was and there was something that was going on there。

 and we're going talk a lot about that later and about how your concepts of reality work and how why for me to go up to a girl and just approach normally was so opposing my concept of reality at that point that my mind couldn't accept it and we'll talk more about that later right But anyway。

 look。I brought on the team， I got us all doing that。 Okay， I got us all going out。

Started working on that。Started getting the hang of it， started making new distinctions。 It was slow。

 All right， It was very slow at first。 At first， it was just a matter of going out there。

 being natural and just not being terrified。 It was a slow process， guys。 Eventually。

 I just stuck at it。 Okay， I really stuck at this。 I made a commitment to it。

I had all sorts of issues。 I had all these great。 I'd be talking to the girl thinking， man。

 I could like you don't even know that I could get you because I have all these tactics。

 You don't even know right， And I would just sit there， but I'm like， no， I'm not going to use it。

 I'm not going to use it right， And I stuck at it and started coming up with different principles。

 started making new distinctions that were completely different。

 Now I want you guys to really think about this， look。When you come up， when you have a model， okay。

 when you have a model of how things work。Here's like maybe the foundation， right。

 here's how you think it works。 And then you have all these different principles。Okay。

 so the principles make sense within the model， like the foundational assumptions and stuff like that。

 right， So， for example， if this is a foundation。If this is like the foundation of how you think that women are above you。

 then everything that you're going to look for from that point on is going to lead to that conclusion。

 You're going to keep finding more and more evidence to support that conclusion， are' you。

If you believe that women are here and you're there。

 you will continually find evidence to support that conclusion， and you'll have blind spots。

 anything that falls outside of that。嗯。So look， when you take this away。

All this stuff is mixed out as well， we had to come up with entirely new principles。

The blueprint took me a long time to write because， look， at first， I started writing the book。

 But then I had to let it sink in。 All right， I had to redo everything from scratch。 Basically。

 let it sink in， go out， teach it to people， see where they get confused on it。 right。

 I've had the blueprint book written for like four years。You guys see my writing capacity。

 I write an average of several thousand pages of content a year and to write a couple hundred page book I could do in a couple weeks easily。

 if not， maybe a couple days。The thing was though， was I had to keep teaching it to people。

 seeing where they're getting confused， keep experimenting with it。

 I've been experimenting with this body of knowledge now for several years， okay。

 teaching it every single weekend on live programs， seeing where it confuses people。

 seeing where people are getting it， seeing how to make it work until we've gotten to the point now。

😡，Where the boot camp has gotten out of control。Guy， who here's taking a boot camp？

 would you guys say out of control is a good word？Okay， the boot camps are out of control。 All right。

 it's to the point now where it is obnoxious because。A lot of the time。

 guys can come in with virtually no level success and just get insane results so quickly。

 And the reason why is because we're using the types of principles that I'm going to teach to you guys。

 All right， the reason why the principles that we're going to teach you guys are so raw and so underground and just so like bang。

 bang， bang bang is simply because we've taught them every single weekend， like look。

 to make something really work。 Like when I teach a boot camp， for example， to make it really work。

I I'm always thinking of it like a puzzle。 And there's different pieces of puzzle that I'm trying to make fit into your reality。

 right， I'm trying to go is that gonna fit in his reality。 No， Okay， try it like this， No， okay。

 try it like this。 And then it goes click。 And then here's the next piece of the puzzle。

 It's like click。 And then once everything just kind of goes click。

 You see the guy just kind of hit state。 boom， He goes into state。 And from there。

 his results just go like that。 immediately。 Allright， It's very fast kind of thing。

And what the blueprint was in many ways。Was me trying to find the pieces of the puzzle to make it fit into my own reality。

 trying to make this stuff fit into my world， trying to make this stuff click in a way where I could say。

 yeah， that makes sense。 And then I could give myself permission to do the things that I know weren't。

 All right， because you know， most of us in this room。

 We already know how to be successful with women， but you just don't give yourself permission to do so。

The blueprint is basically about becoming the sex worthy guy who here seen transformations。

A couple of you guys enjoy that。This is shit audience。

 I'm not going to talk more if you guys aren't going to do that。Yeah， okay。

 you guys enjoy transformations。Clearly you had， that's it like a gimmy because you wouldn't be here if you didn't enjoy transformations。

 you'd like this got suck just be done。 Okay， All right， okay， okay， here look。

 a st audience practice， K。H， Tyler says joke。干嘛？Okay， you guys having fun？Okay， all right。

 you got some fun。All right。Jooke， joke， joke， okay。A， that was fucking bullshit， that last one。

 come on。All right， look， this is about your experience， not mine， okay， it's about your experience。

 you get sir。Okay this is four days， yo， four days。Right yeah， so look， okay。

 you guys saw transformations， you guys seen Tim speech。Where he says the sexworth man， right。

 He talks about the ch， the entertainer man， and then he talks about the sex worthy guy。 Allright。

 That's the guy who is not just going out doing approaches。 And， you know。

 the girl giggles for a bit。 And to other guys， it appears good。OkayBecause isn't that a funny thing。

 in a lot of ways， the tactics that we've learned in this community has created a situation where a guy who's not really getting success with women can go out and make his other guy friends appear that he's getting incredible success with women。

 All right， who hears at the level now And I was for a long time。

 So I want to just see who hear's at the level where。To your guy friends。

 you look like the biggest pimp they've ever seen， but you're still looking for that next level yourself。

 You know， you're not there yet。 Who's in that kind of phase。 Yeah， see， very， very common。

 It is incredibly common because， look， if we teach you how to do an approach and how to make a girl laugh。

 that looks incredible。 Most guys cannot do that。 Can they， They can't do it， but。

When it comes time to seal the deal。E that's a different story now， isn't it， Because you know what。

 from attraction to the close。It's only maybe one last mile。

 but that's a long last mile if you don't know how to run it。 Okay that's one confusing last mile。

 if you don't know how to make that happen。 And that's why whenever I teach a boot camp。

 And by the way， the reason I talk about boot camps a lot， that's my life。 I want to make that clear。

 my life is teaching boot camps， that's what I do。 Okay， every weekend I teach boot camps。

 And then if I'm not teaching boot camps。 I'm in front of the computer。

Working and managing the company。 So basically， boot camps is the only fun that I have almost。

 Alright。 So I talk about boot camps a lot。 Now， look。😊，When I teach a boot camp。

 I'm not looking to teach your guy how to get a girl entertain。 Enter girls fine。

 sometimes when girls or sometimes when when guys if you guys here， okay。

 don't be the entertainer guy and you're like， oh man， I'm entertaining or I better stop。

 Okay I'm not saying that。 All right， I'm not saying that。 You can。

 but you have to be amusing yourself。 All right， we call that self amusement as opposed to trying to push a buttons。

 We'll go more into that later。 anyway， look， anything that we're teaching here。

 The goal is to be the sex worthyy guy。 The blueprint assumes。The basic knowledge， Okay。

 I'm assuming you've seen foundations。 I'm assuming that you've probably seen transformations。

 And look， if you haven't， you can go back and see them， We've got a you know。

 great free two hour audio that's floating around as well off the homeage。

 That can teach you how to do approaches。 This is not about how to do an approach。 Okay。

 We covered that。We did that one already。 This is a new one。 Anytime I do a program in general。

 we're talking new content， I'm going to cover new areas。

 I'm not going to rehash the same thing inevitablyev that's gonna to piss a few people off because they're like but how do I do all this stuff like what's your line？

😡，What's the pickup line。 How do I approach， I'm like， yo， we covered that five years ago。

 Okay so the thing is， okay， and I respect that like no。

 I like I love newbies like don't don't get me wrong。 If you don't know this stuff during the breaks。

 Ask around the audience。 ask the other instructors that are here know， they'll fill you in on stuff。

 if you're behind。' don't panic。 It's real straightforward stuff Okay this is about that sexworth guy level。

 this is about the the being not doing。 This is about being successful with women is something you are not something that you're doing。

 okay， you're not like there's a girl。 now I have to feel like I need to be doing something。 Okay。

 it's not like that。 All right， it's like， yo， this is me。 boom， All right。

 that's what you're thinking， the being， like I said， don't go I mean， look。

 obviously everyone here is probably gonna go this route initially because everyone makes mistakes。

 and I've made this mistake。Don't go there， don't be paranoid if you're being entertaining。

 but this is not about teaching you how to entertain a girl。

 This is about teaching you to be the sex worthy guy。 The kind of guy who look being like。

 really frank， what kinds of results could you expect if you get this up down。

Pretty much a lifestyle in terms of women of total abundance。 Allright， total abundance。

 What does that mean， It means that you can go out to a new city， meet a girl when you're there。

 No problem。 Alright， We have a guy。 I Dale here today。Now， Dale's not here yet。 Well。

 look Dale's the guy who's taken the program with me out before。

 And then he came out and took a second one in Hawaii。 He came to Hawaii for a week。

 and he had three different girls that week。All right， great results， right， I see that。 And。

 and you know what， it's like， look。He came into a new city。 He met a girl。

 He had just been on a trip the week before。 He was out in Chicago。 He'd met a nice girl there。

 He'd been out。 I think it was Miami。 He met a nice girl there。 Allright， if he wants a girlfriend。

 you know， because he probably will start thinking in that direction at some point。

 He has a choice from a lot of different women so he can meet the girl He likes。

 Did you guys know that I've be in a relationship for a while， Anyone know that， Yeah。

 I have a great relationship。 And people say， wow， man。

 what's the secret to your success with your relationship。😊，It's like， yo， I picked from among。

Literally， thousands upon thousands of girls。The one that I wanted to date on a long term， of course。

It's going to be a good relationship。 Okay， of course。 All right， And look。

 there's a lot of great stuff I could teach you guys about relationships。 But the point is， is that。

😊，What I'm looking for here， Look， It's very rare。 Okay。

 isn't funny how the perception of this community is like a lot of people think that the guys are all out trying to like nail girl after girl after girl after girl。

 But the truth is， most guys here are looking for a girlfriend。 The thing is， though。

 if you want to get a great girlfriend， you're not going to get that by， you know， going to your。

You know， well， I don't want to basically offend a lot of ways that I think are utterly stupid。

 but basically， look， all the generic ways that most people do are completely stupid。

 They don't work。 All right， you just have to look at the divorce rates in this country。

 anything like that。 You can just see all that stuff。

 So and there's a lot of other reasons for them oversimplifying， but look。

If you guys want to live a lifestyle of abundance。Where the whole women issue was taken care of。

That's the kind of stuff that we're looking to go into this weekend。 All right。

 the full transformation， the deep identity level change， Okay。

 so you guys remember the themes of this program。All right， keep this in your head。

Deep eyed level change。Being not doing。It's not。Something you do。It's something you are。😡。

This' has been a long time， guys， this has been a long road to get here。

ButAny guy that teaches with RSD is at a point where he can pretty much see the girl he wants to talk to。

 walk up， introduce himself with nothing preplanned in his head and probably do a pretty darn good job。

 All right， It's been a long road to get here。Now that we see it。It's so elusively simple。

 you could smack your head against the wall for not seeing it for all these years。

 but that's the level that we're talking about。 And that's what we're looking to get to for you guys。

 All right， that's what we want here。 Deep identity level change。

 something that you are not something that you do。 Okay， being not doing。 All right。

 still involves going out， talking a lot to girls。 Some guys get caught up in this。 they go， well。

 I'm just being now。 So I just go about my day and play warcraft。 All right， Okay， right， well。

That's not what this is about。 Look， all the principles that we've studied up until now hold true。

 all of it。All the principles still hold。 Okay， you must go out。 God， wow， isn't that a funny one。

 Okay， why is it going out so important， blows me away。 How many guys say， you know。

 I just can't figure out the sticky point to get to the next level， Really， Well。

 how much have you been going out， lately。Well， I've been so busy， you know， right， what， what， No。

 No， if you just go out， most of most of your sticking points autocorrect。 They autocorrect。

 You don't even need help。 But the thing is， a lot of guys think that， look， you still got to go out。

You still got to approach lots of people。 You still got to be social。

 so I'm sorry about that guys if that bothers you， I hope it doesn't okay still got to be social。

 but we're coming from a different frame now we're coming from the being not doing frame and it's a great frame it's gonna to be amazing And when you guys see the power of it All right so that's what this is about guys that's what the blueprint is about deep identity level change。

And we're going to take you guys on a journey。Okay。

 this is an incredible journey because it's four days， guys， and the truth be told。

 I could have made this seminar 10 days。But we made it four days instead。

 because I believed that after four days， people would go insane。

So we had to compress it into four days， all right。You know， I've been rehearsing for this。

For over a year， all right， anytime that I create a DVD program。

 I'll do rehearsal after rehearsal typically for live audiences to get it nice and streamlined。

It's funny because every rehearsal that I did at first。The first one was two days。

 and I didn't I didn't even know if I had enough material to cover two days。But after two days。

 I'd only covered about 20% of the book， then I went to three days and only covered like 20% of the book。

 then I went to four days and only covered about 20% of the book。

 And the reason why was because there was so much to be taken out of there。 All right。

 so many different epiphanies that I was having。 then we had to reassemble it。 All right。

 to be able to cover everything。 But look， we're gonna to take you guys on a journey from social conditioning。

And the ego。Towards authenticity and self esteem。All right， and these are like。

 you can think of it like a continuum。And over here， you have social conditioning。And over here。

Authenticity。All right， think of that。Most people in the world are on this side and there's a few people in the world on this side here。

 and authenticity is a big word with a lot of grand claims around it。

 And I think for anyone to say I I'm authentic， that's a bit cheesy。 right。

 and I'm not trying to come across like that and I don't want you guys to try and come across like that。

 But look， we're gonna to take you guys on that journey what's involved in it。

 what it takes that kind of direction and this seminar is going to be very wax on， wax off。

 which means that the first day I'm going to lay out a lot of principles for you guys。

And you may walk away the first day saying， I have no idea what the hell this is about。😡。

What is this， I don't know。 And I've seen that on the seminar。And the second day。

We're going lay out more principles。 And again， wax on， wax off。

 You may not know how it's related to dating or you might。 Okay。

 depending on how much you've studied this type of stuff。 But on the third day。

 all these building blocks that we're going have laid out are going to start going click。Click。

Click and the third day is typically where I start to see guys win。Like that。

 and then the fourth day， I'll leave that a surprise。It's fucking tight。 All right。

 so that's what the seminar is going to be about， guys。

Most people walk through the world in walking days。A trance。A walking days， guys。

 that's the first principle that you need to understand。

Most people in the world walk through life in a walking days。Can you guys repeat that after me。

 let's take a pause I'll teach you guys how to do this repetition thing。Repeat after me。

 most people in the world walk through life in a walking days。😡，我とは。Do it again。

 most people in the world walk through life in a walking days。😡，One last time。

 most people in the world walk through life in a walking days。😡，バブバイバイ。Confusion， confusion。

 Most people in the world walk through life in a walking days。 Why do I make you repeat this stuff。

 Look， Anytime I ask you guys to repeat this stuff， it's because I want to hammer it into your head。

 it's called constant repetition。 It's a teaching principle。 Look。

 most people in the world walk through life in a walking days。 They don't know what their values are。

 They do not have a concept of their own values。 They do not have a concept of who they are。

 They don't know what they want out of life， and they're being tinkered with。By other people who do。

Or worse yet， not even other people who even know what they want out of life。

 just other people who are being controlled by their own egos and they don't even know what they're doing。

 they don't even know what is going on， but look before we clear this up and before we go into that。

 let's think about the common misconceptions and you guys should know these but I love to start the seminar like this because you guys have to have a clear cut principle。

😡，Of what it is that most guys think。 So let's think about this。 Okay， What do most guys think。

We'll get them girls。 The first one。Money money， money， money， money。All right， look。

You guys think money is going to get you girls，h， Does anyone here think that。Okay。

 let me ask you this。 Okay， let me ask you this one。Wouldoo money。

Say that you've already got really good skills with women。 you know， you've got everything together。

 would you say that money， like you know， it's like a nice bonus， right， like a bonus kind of。

 would you guys say that， It's like a bonus， right， no。😡，Money doesn't do shit。 Okay。

 Money is fucking useless when it comes to pickup unless you're talking about goal diggers。😡。

You go to Las Vegas。Oh hell yeah， money's great there man， the local girls that live there， you know。

 a lot of them， I've had girls even say to me like honey， you're graves。

 but unless you've got a bunch of money with you right now， you need to move on， okay？But yo。

 you want to date those girls。 You kidding me。 All right， So， yes， look in the same way。

Take you know， those guys that take like massive amounts of steroids。

 like the huge ones like Jay Cutler and guys like that， right。

You know know'm Ron Coleman those big dudes right， I don't want to I'm not talking on the middle actually。

 you know what， I'll say this， I have more respect for a Jay Culer or Ron Coleman who has dedication to go through the grind every day than just say some other dude you know who's just living passively they've made their choice to do what they want with their health and whatnot。

 they've made that choice I'm not judging it， but the point is a guy like you know say Jay Cueller。😡。

Most women， when they see that， are probably terrified。Okay， right。

 but there is one or 2% of women who when they see J color and some of them are really hot， I'm sure。

 like smoking when they see J。It's on， right， He just needs to go，'s， here's my room or not even。

 like here's the wall。 Okay， here's the bathroom。 All right， seriously。

 I have no doubt that guy live， I have no doubt that those guys live in a lifestyle sexual abundance beyond which any of us could even fathom。

 actually， right， especially with the social proof and have that kind of stuff of being in front of audiences and all that。

 So look。Sure。When you see a guy with money， he may appear that he's having success because he's got women。

Up on him， right， he might have you know those couple girls that find men of power to be extremely attractive。

 like men of financial means， and there's a certain percentage of women and some of them which are very attractive。

 which find that to be a turn on。😡，Okay， sure， got it。 Okay， it's true。

So you see that and you think yourself。That's the answer， man。That's my answer。

I need to make more money， and then I could finally get a girl。Oh shit， no， let me tell you， look。

Not only is money not going to help you with the vast majority of girls。

 particularly the ones that you want。😡，Not only that。

But it's going to slow down the process of you hooking up with the girls that you want。

Because I've had many a rich client。And they'll say to me， I have a variety。

 Here's the continuum on the one side。You have the rich guy who comes on boot camp。

 who just has no success at all。why， Because not only is he a chde。 And by the way。

 when I say showed I actually， I love chose， we even have teachershirs say， I love shows on them。

 Okay I'm serious， Okay， but okay， I'm a ex chode， so but you know。

 I relate to them more than probably cool people supposedly， but anyway， look。😊，Not only he showed。

 but now he's got this fucking ego where when he talks to girls， he's like， so。😡。

I think it's nine o'clock。Right， and the girl's like， oh my God， dude， Oh man， lame。 All right。

 So not only does he have the issue that he's not， he doesn't have the actual skills with women。

But he's got this big image to live up to that he can't even live up to。 So look。

 the money's not helping him there。 On the other hand， you have guys that are very successful。

And have money like like guys because sometimes very， very。

 very advanced guys will still come take the program。 Actually， maybe one in five or like that。

 So I've had clients that will come that will say， yeah， I'm incredibly wealthy。

 I live in a big mansion。 and I'm good with girls。 and I bring girls back。

 And you know what happens when I get them back to my mansion。😊，They don't want to have sex anymore。

They want me to take them on a date now。Right，They want to be my girlfriend now， right。 And suddenly。

 when it was all， oh， yeah， let's go hook up， it's like， oh， I'm not that kind of a girl。

Right I'm the date worthyy。I was not， Im not wasn't going to do anything。

 I don't have one night stands。 No， right。 And so not so what happened was he was about to hook up with the girl。

 And now she sees his house。 And now it's a no go。All right， so look， the money is not helping you。

 It's not doing anything。 And here's the last one who okay， we're in Los Angeles right now。

 All right， we're in L， love L， lived here for years。 All right， I live in Honolulu now now， look。

 what's that Oahu。😡，Represent all right， good job， so Luke。LA。

You ever go out to the nightclubs out here and see those rich guys with the nice tables and the girls all around。

 You guys see that。 Yeah， yeah， it looks pretty cool， man。

 is that ever intimidating when you're new little small town Canadian boy like me。😊，Right。

I grew up in Ottawa and then lived in Kingston。Yeah， thank you。 right so look。

You go into a nightclub in L A。 man， you see those girls。

 you see the guys at the tables and they're surrounded by girls。

 And you just look at it and you just feel like， damn， I got no chance。How could I compete with that？

I don't have $200，$300 to blow on a table or $600 or 1000。

 whatever they're charging out here these days。 What is it out here， That's I to say， That's Id say。

1000 okay， that's what I have to say to that All right。

 unless you want it for you got unless you have so much cash and you want it for you and I do respect that。

 But if you're doing that for girls， you gonna blow 1000 so that you can have girls come to your table。

 man， you get a lot of lap dances for $100。Man， and that's about what you're gonna get with that table。

 All right， because guess what， those guys are not hooking up with those girls。 How do I know。

 because I got friends， man， and some of them get tables。 And I see what happens。 You look at it。

 You're like， whoa， right， Like I'll be into the table。 Sit down the table。 Hot nightclub。 Whoa。

 damn， man， The girls come up start like grinding around you and dancing around you and stuff like that。

 This is awesome。😊，You're like， and I've even had thoughts like this。 Like even me running RSD。

 I'm like。Fuck all this game shit。Seriously， I'm like like I'm like this is amazing。 This is awesome。

 right？ but no， because look， what have you categorized yourself as okay。

 this is what I find out like an hour later， when I realized it， look more carefully。

 when you've got the table， you've just categorized yourself as the provider。

 You are the providing mail。 All right， You are not。Think it， look， think of it this way。

 You guys ever heard of the lover provider distinction as seen in。The spermmores。Who wrote that？

Spmmores， I think Richard Dawkins wrote the self is Gene Robin Baker。

 right I just want to reference that for people at home。 Okay， so look。

 they call that the lover provider distinction， okay。

For those of you who are super advanced and who have heard this for years and years。

 don't start panicking going thought this was the advance somewhere。

 what is this lover provider covering that again， don't worry， covering the basics。

 This will get more。 your brains will be melting out of your ears soon enough。 so don't panic now。

 look。Loveover provider distinction。 I like to go over these fundamentals just because I want to build off of them。

The provider guy in the book Spurmores， what he basically says is real simple look， it's pretty okay。

 look on one level， there's a lot of evidence that I've seen in the real world to support this like so much evidence I could almost run away in terror。

 But at the same time if you start thinking like this。

 it's a pretty unhealthy way of thinking like if' if you're thinking like in that spurermmore's reality all the time and you've got your own girlfriend and you think she's gonna get like inseminated by some dude shit。

 that's really horrible， unhealthy way of thinking。

 Okay so it's like it's like that paradox like on one hand， you can know about this stuff。

 but on the other hand， I don't want you guys to start turning into those guys that are like these guys in the community like I'm just so down and confused ever since I joined the community。

 I think I can't even have a girlfriend because she's gonna cheat on me。

 she's gonna get spurm more right all right。I don't you know。

 don't go please don't go in that head that is a self fulfillling prophecy waiting to happen。

 that's the best way I could describe that。 So look。

 what they say in Spermmores is basically the girl can't have a boyfriend who provides for her。

 he's got the money。And then in order to get the best genetics when she's feeling her most fertile whenever that would be。

 she will go wander off and hook up with the guy who's going to give her the great。

 strong alpha male， powerful kids so that she can have lots of plentiful grandchildren。 Great stuff。

 Now， look。😊，If you're trying to use money as a way to pick up girls， where are you landing。Okay。

 provider。All right， which means what， How does the dating process go with a provider。Step one。

The date， which gets the kiss on the cheek at the end， she goes， oh。All right。

I'll think of the queen。没有。Yeah。😀Yeah。该。看看。Okay， right， Des day one， day two is like。Okay。

 maybe on date three， you'll get it， maybe on month three。😡，Okay， all right， because you're dating。

 okay？Do you think that there is a single girl in Los Angeles who's not had a oneA sin？

Only a very religious woman。Has not probably had want to say Im living in LA。 right。

 And that's a huge generalization。Fenous people are going to just kill me for this someday in the future。

When I'm like 50。But。You hear what this man said，I've never had a one I said， never， okay， but look。

Best way to meet a girl， as we know， is hook up with her。

 and then after you can build a relationship because once you've hooked up。

 you've got a couple hours together。 you've spent time together。

 you've already shown if you have sexual chemistry or not。

 and it is very simple and straightforward to get a girl into relationship land from there。

 All right， So look， you never want look the provider。

 he's gonna have a pretty hard time saying no baby。 I'm the lover now。 right， all this providing。

 that wasn't compensating for anything。 I'm a big pimp。 All right， on the other hand。

 it's very easy for this guy to shift into provider mode。 It's like， well。

 we already had amazing sex。 We' have incredible chemistry。 By the way， I'd like to take care of you。

😊，HmOkay， right， so the thing is it's very， very straightforward here， money does not help。😡。

Why do we make money？For yourself， of course！And guy's like， man。

 now that I know money doesn't get girls， I don't even want money anymore。 Fuck money， right。

 What girls， man， Okay， look。Living in financial abundance is something that you do so you know for yourself。

 and I mean， to me， some of the greatest things I value in life tremendously is the first one is travel。

 all right， travel is something I value。Incredibly， beyond that is like。You know what else？ I mean。

 living where I want to live， I live in very modest means， but I live where I want to live。

 All right， So look， having a financial abundance is how about being able to take care of your family。

 right， There's a lot of good reasons。 You know， your mother， right。

 I want my mom to be able to come and visit me， stuff like that。 So look， obviously。

 money is important。 but it has nothing to do with it。 If you're broke， All right， If you're broke。

 you do not need， say that your business just crashed。 All right， your business just fell apart。

That is no reason to lose your mojo and think that you can't meet girls anymore， if anything。

When you're broke。The one thing you can do is meet girls。 That's the one constant。

That's the one thing you've always got， man， is that you can meet girls， even if you're broke。

Alright， that's the one constant。 So money。No factor。 nothing。 How about the next one。

 What's the next most limiting belief that most guys have that almost all guys have this stuck in their head。

 What's the next limiting belief Look， right？😡，Luckily， I don't have this problem。

Because I was born incredibly good looking， all right？Okay。

 but for you guys who have an issue with your looks。Totally fucking kidding。

 I just want to clarify that， okay。For those of you guys， look， who have an issue with your looks。

It doesn't mean shit， okay， it is nothing。However， let me tell you something。

For a guy who doesn't look good。This road is typically， not always， but typically a lot longer。

 Let me tell you why has nothing to do with his looks。

 but it does have to do with the limiting beliefs that are surrounding his looks。 Okay。

 How a Gu guys go。knocking to see something。 right， And that's the thing。 It's absolutely true。

 Most guys who don't look good in the same way that when I was talking to you guys earlier about going up to a girl and just saying。

 you know， introducing myself and giving compliment and my knees started to shake。

 guys who don't look good， that have  tend to not always。

 but oftentimes have a difficult time piecing it into the reality that they could attract hot women。

 even though they're not 6 feet tall or ripped or you know， have the。King Arthur。

 like jawline or whatever it is。 All right， they don't look Scandinavian。 sorry。 Okay。

 so the thing is， is like。This looks thing， man。 All right， now， wouldn't you guys say。

That although looks don't matter， having looks is like， you know， it's like a nice bonus。 like。

 it helps a bit， right， like a little bit of a bonus。No。Fuck。Okay。It doesn't do anything。 All right。

 here's what it does。 If you're a chad， oh it helps。😡。

Being a bad looking chde is a brutal combination。 All right。

 because you're a ch and you're bad looking。 a good looking guy。He can have some success。

 even if he's a ch because there's some girls that will choose him。

 Some girls will say he's cute and he will have a level of success。 He'll have some。

 He'll also have all these other issues like， oh man， when I get older。

 I don't know what I'm going to do and all these other friing problems。 but but but but but yes。

 being good looking。😡，Isn't it so nice because you can get results more quickly， you have。

 you know you can be a ch and if you do enough approaches， you can get a level of skill， a ch。

Have you ever seen the Jeffy show， I couldn't explain it as well as Jeffy could。 Well， basically。

 it showed if you want the simple definition because Jeffy has like the O to the ch kind of thing。

 right， It's pretty amazing。 actually， I watched。 I was like。😊，but look。

Macho is a guy who essentially， he doesn't have his own sense of values。

 he doesn't have his own sense of identity， his own sort of like you know unique nature。

 he's looking to he cares what other people think of them。

 he thinks that he has to run the grind of social conditioning in order to get ahead in life in order to meet girls and that tends to manifest itself in symptoms like buying drinks or。

You know， thinking that he needs to take a girl out for a year before they can have sex because she's a princess。

 well， meanwhile she's having sex with five other fuck buddies。All over town。

 right so that's what know that's you know。That's generally what showed is。But the looks thing。

 here's the thing。People generally。Tend to only exert as much energy as they have to。

That's just the evolutionary thing。So a guy who's really good looking。

 if he's going to start getting results faster。It's going to be harder for him to get the motivation to really round himself out in a nice way。

 right， Where say a guy who's maybe short。Bald， you know， non good shape， whatever that is。

Because he's going to have to get his game， like his skills with women really nicely streamlined before he starts getting success。

That's a beautiful thing。 It's a beautiful because what it means is that he is gonna because you're gonna to get it。

 I mean， the path is laid out， guys， like the whole deal is laid out。

 You just got to follow the damn instructions， you know。😊，Once he gets it。

 he's going to be such a dynamic individual。Right， and we can think of so many instances like。

We're in LA right now， anyone here know EZE。Remember EZ E， RIP， E E， right， he was how tall。5，3，5，5。

 of the most or something。 right， fucking awesome， right。

 The guy had sex with so many girls that he died of AidDs。I don't know if that's a good thing or not。

 but he had a lot of girls。 All right， now look。Next。

 E E should have learned about the easy E condoms， right。Next。Is Al Pacino a tall guy？

 does that affect his charisma？Don't you guys think that makes them almost more charismatic？

Think about this。The fact that he's not a huge stature。To me。

 that only makes them that much more charismatic， it just highlights it。All right， now， look。

 we can find countless examples like this and you guys can do your own research on it。

But when a guy's charismatic and he the， he has that draw of attention。He's got it， man。God。

This looks thing is so stupid。Allright， and I see it every year that goes by。

 I've been doing this a long time。 guys， You know， I've been doing this over half a decade。

 And every year that goes by， there's some。Poor fellow and you know who。

Just cannot accept that it's his own shortcomings who will come onto the forum， and he'll say。

I know it's my looks， right， I know that looks matter， or you get these stupid debates like。You know。

 maybe it doesn't matter， but it doesn make a difference。 I know it。 I have this friend。 right， No。

 man， it doesn't make a difference。 Okay， there is no friends。 All right， look。

 it is so freaking stupid。 I can't even begin to describe it。 If you。

 if I could just let you guys see what I see。 you would， you would never think of it ever again。

 Youd never pay it a second thought ever again。Have you。

 have you guys not ever been at a party where the most popular guy there who was the center of attention was not good looking。

Has that never happened to you？Come on。 Have you never been at a part Like。

 is the guy who's the most popular of the party always like the 6 f，2 ripped like sexy man。

 Is that always what it is， Come on， man， Give me a break。Give yourself a break。It's not like that。

 Yes， a good looking guy。 He's going to get the gimas。 All right。

 He's going to get some easy ones here and there that a guy who's not so good looking might not get。

 But for the most part。Looks is going to have a very， very minimal factor。 In fact， let me even make。

 make this really clear。 in real social dynamics， we have a range of instructors。You've got Hobi。

 he's about。4 ft，6， Okay， right， you've got Todd。 He's about 5，7。 Jeffy's about 5，7，5，8。 I'm about 5。

8，5，9。😊，Then I have other guys in the company that are taller， you know， and that are good looking。

 Let me put it to you this way。Looks has such a little factor to me。

That not only is like half our instructor staff， like various minorities that have all these self hating beliefs like Asian and Indian。

 or you've got Indian guys on our staff， Asian guys in our staff。😡，That have amazing skills。

We've got guys that are short， guys that are pudgy， but let me put it to you this way。

I give it so little regard。That if a guy who's 6 f。

7 and built in muscular and good looking had the skills to become an instructor。I would hire him。

 too。And people say， but that doesn't look good for the company。

 That doesn't look good for the company if you're hiring a guy like that because no one can no。

 lookss has such a little factor in my decision making processes on hiring an instructor that I wouldn't even not hire an instructor for being good looking。

 because it's meaningless， Okay， there is no meaning behind it。 Now， let me go even further。

 if this is the final example。 If this doesn't convince you I don to know what will。

I can be out with a guy。Who not only say he's really good looking， okay？

Not only is he really good looking， but he has great skills with women， like really。

 really good skills， like awesome skills with women， but if on that night，I am 1% sharper。😡。

Just one single percent sharper。I'll be the one getting the attention。And getting the success。

And he'll be going with the。Girl that's not as attractive if it's like two girls。Allright。

 that's the reality of it。So think about this。Wouldn't you think that on some level。

 if the guy is almost as good as you， he's like 99% as good as you。

 and he's like sumely good looking。 You'd think yourself。He'll still get the girl。

 You would think that， but it doesn't work that way。It doesn't work that way。

 If you're a little bit sharper， most of the time you'll get the girl。 Now。

 remember how I talked about anomalies。 there's always like look。

 there's always the 2% of girls that just have to have the tall guy。

And she will not go home with you if you're not six foot3， she just won't， she's not gonna do it。

 she has a rule， it's in her own head， she only goes home with guys that are six foot three or whatever it is。

 she only goes home with rich guys， whatever it is， and there's that 2% of girls that have that。

 but you want to know something， there's also 2% of girls that have an attraction for whatever weird combination you have。

😡，I've had girls come up to me， and they're like， I just love red headed guys。 I love that guy from。

😊，From the old cop show， the red headeded guy， David David Caruso，s like， I just love that。

 David Caruso。L its making out。Okay， thanks， right？Okay， that's the thing， whatever type you are。

 I don't care what type you guys remember Seinfeld， Mariisa Tome。

 she just loves fat little short bald men。 you guys remember that That's real。

RightThe show is not real， but stuff like that happens。 Whatever you are。

 there's gonna be that little anomaly of girls that wants that。 Okay， my buddy looks like a big nerd。

 I have a buddy who's a super nerd。 All right， and he was talking to one friend of mine who's like a massive pimp。

6 foot，3， big pimp。😡，And she says， I want to go meet your friend。 I love nerds。Okay。

 she says that he's like。For real， right， she's like， he's so hot， right？Fuck you。

 they'll give a chance right， Bo， throws your on。 Why， Because she likes nerves。

 There's always gonna be that little thing。 But what happens， here's what happens。 and drive me nuts。

 Guys are always looking for evidence。 They're trying to be scientists， right。

 Guys are trying to be scientists about this。 And so they'll see these little anomalies。

 And they'll make an entire theory of pick about it。😡，Yeah。

 I have this rich friend and he always says goes， I need money， it's a money thing。

 all that kind of stuff。 This is called social conditioning guys， social conditioning， remember it。

 don't buy into it。😡。