# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：12.感知能量保持中心感【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

Now， how about guys。How do guys do that。In return， how can you。By having a strong sense of purpose。

 not being distracted by female Yeah， I mean， does a does a girl want a guy who is that affected？

You guys ever see the movie Americanic Pie？Do you remember the girl Nadia？What it Jason Bigs。

 is that the guy right and just looking at her with his clothes off or with her clothes off。

 he's like， right， and then he finishes。 So see on one level and that's very unattractive right So on one level。

 of look， the girl wants the guy who's responding to her right she wants the guy who's attracted。

 but she wants to play the game of trying to do that to you。That's her fun。 Do you see that。

 Her fun in this is like that little game， Like， how can I get him， right， Like。

 how can I get that attention， How can I， you know。😊，Make him respond。 All right。

 And that's like what sex is。 You know， like when you're when you're having sex and the girl's like trying to turn you on。

 she's trying to， you know， get you to respond。 Allright， and so， and， and then you， you know。

 do the same back， right， and so on and so forth。 So the thing is like。On one level， yeah。

 she wants you to respond， but on another level， not too much。 All right， you have to be centered。

 And then maybe she it's almost like this。 You're centered， and then she kind of pulls you out a bit。

 and you get your center back。 She might pull you out of bit。 You get your center back。

 Where most guys， what is it like。Okay， right， no sensor at all。So for guys。First up。

The first thing that you can do。😡，But I'll get into the pros and cons of this is called Flipping the script。

😡，And this is a fascinating concept。By the way， I don't do it myself。But I used to。

 and I'll tell you the pros and cons of it。 Flipping the script， I believe， I' not totally sure。

 is an old pimp term。 Is that right， guys。Anyone know about this。 Okay， well， do you guys know what。

 I mean， you know what a pimp is， right？ They seem to be getting popular these days。 Like。

 it seems to be like a cool thing to be， to be a pimp， which is actually。😊。

Probably one of the least respectful professions you can have。 But nonetheless。

 it's got to be cool because they have a kind of style about them。 Well。

 what pimps will do is they'll flip the scripts。 Like one thing that Pimps do is like they't。

 They won't have sex to the girl。Right， like， they won't sleep with their girl。

 That's like one of the things that they'll do。 And they make the girl chase them。

 Or they'll say here， take my phone number。 I'm not going to call you。 like， you know。

 they'll do something like that。 That's called flipping the script。Now， a lot of these behaviors。

 like， for example， rewarding the girl with little taste of physical attention and then pulling it away。

 looking like you're having fun by the energy of the environment and maybe giving her a bit of attention。

 This can flip the script and get a girl chasing you。 What's also interesting about it is this。

 though。😊，嗯。When you're playing off of a feminine polarity， All right。

 when you're flipping the script， you are using that feminine polarity。

And so what you'll find that you'll get is you'll get a lot of girls asking if you're gay。Okay。

 has anyone ever had that before？Allright， so see what happens is you're tapping into that kind of feminine polarity。

 And that what begins to happen is you'll come across。You can come across as being gay。

 And some girls like that。 Like some girls want like they they're like incredibly attracted to gay dudes。

 right， And so when I first start a lot of this。I was always flipping the script all the time。

And you know I used to get asked that a lot， but I still got a lot of traction。

 so it was still working。But how about a masculine polarity then， all right。

When we think of masculine polarity and we're not flipping the script。 All right。

 We're not necessarily trying to flip the script， what are some things that a guy can do without flipping the script。

In order to assert polarity。Because I think it's fun to flip the script a little bit。

 like I like to flip the script a little bit just to flirt。

 maybe like a little bit here and there just a tease， but it's not like the basis of what I'm doing。

 it makes them drop their dark。😡，Slipping the script is fun。A little bit。You know。

 just to kind of like you know， just like throw out little teases like that。

 But that's not the basis of what I'm doing at this point。 All right， So first of all。

First quality that a guy with a very strong polarity has。

Is being at home at the being at home in the environment。

The idea of being at home in your environment has so many ramifications is not even funny。 Allright。

 that just the idea that you are at home。Okay， the catchph is my house。😡，All right。

 you guys ever heard that， this is my house。When you're out at a club and you don't feel like it's your house。

 you don't feel at home there， women can sense that it is written all over you。😡，So basically。

 it's like that nice combination。😡，Where it's like， this is my house。

 And everybody here is my friend。So when you approach the group。

You're approaching her as if you're already friends in a way with that full expectation that you're already friends。

 It's like this is my house， this is my environment， we're already friends。😡。

Some guys are able to achieve that。😡，By going out to the same venue over and over and over。

 do any of you guys here have like a favorite venue that you go to over and over。All right。

Do you guys notice how when when you know the bouncer， you know the promoter， you know the bartender。

 you know the people there， how much more attractive you are to women when when you have that。

 right And it's not because they even know that you know anybody。

 It's because they can sense you're at home。 All right， in a minute。

 I'm going to talk about what it means to be a home in the world。 but we'll get to that。 So look。😡。

Approaching people as if they're your friends。 Now， look， next。

 caring yourself with total confidence， even a playful cockiness。

Total total confidence and even a playful cockiness。So if you ever seen a guy， like， you know。

 a group of guys， they walk with total confidence， and maybe they kind like throw their arms around a bit or joke around a bit。

 jump around a bit。 And they've got that a little bit of playful cockiness。 Allright。

 you guys ever heard the expression of swagger。😊，All right， what's the swagger mean。

 Does it mean you're like。Okay， is that what it is， Is that the swag， right， Like you just okay。

 you just move a little more slowly than most guys and you're not， you're not scanning anywhere。

re just like in your body， you're very grounded。 Yeah， and you're like。

 you're moving towards where you're。😊，有咗。You know what's up。

 You're feeling the vibe in yourself right， That's a swag man。

 that's a swagger right And you can see some guys that do not have the swagger。

 They're kind of like that。 and some guys you know they've just got like that relax thing。

 that's the swaggs like they're feeling that within their body and on a very， very subtle level。

 not an exaggerated cartoonish comic level but on a very subtle level。

 they've got that kind of emanating from them。 All right， that's a swagger。Now。

 we talked about grounding energy。Being the source of grounding energy and asserting them what you have to say is funny。

 interesting and worth being heard。So look， when you see a guy who's really confident。

 when he speaks， he knows that what he has to say is interesting。

 he knows that what he has to say is worth being heard， he knows that what he has to say is funny。

 even when what he's saying is not objectively funny。

 it is subjectively funny and people will tend to laugh at it， he thinks it's funny。

 he's self amusing。😡，Next up。Leading the conversation in the fun or whatever direction you want it to go。

😡，All right， we talked about being the anchor of the conversation， moving the conversation。

 the fun direction that you wanted to go in。 One thing that Tim likes to do。

 If a girl starts talking about serious things in a club， he'll say。

 what are you talking about this for， This is a club。That's because he's leading the conversation。

 do the same。Take in the direction that you want it to go。 That's called being the man。Likewise。

 look， if the conversation that she's， this is where guys get confused， right？😡。

If the girl is having a conversation with you that you are interested in。

Do you have to change it onto to something else to make her like you， No， Of course not。

 But guys get stuck in that。 They're like， oh， I need to change the conversation。 Now， look。

 you're leading the conversation in the direction that you want it。

 But if you're enjoying what she's saying， then ultimately， she's speaking for your approval。

 Now isn't she。 She's speaking for your enjoyment。 So letter， right， You don't need to lead it。

 But the point is， the conversation is where you're enjoying it。All right， How about taking orders。

 justifying yourself or responding to nonsense。 It's the same thing。And， lastly。And this is very。

 very， very subtle。 This is a subtle， subtle distinction。😡。

That is absolutely pivotal to being a natural。Positioning yourself as already chosen by every girl in the environment。

 And you are choosing the girl that you like。 What do you mean， Allright。

 let me get into the subtleties of it。 Allright， so I'm， I'm gonna pick you up for a sec。 Okay。

 so we'll hop over here。All right。Now say that a girls walking by okay and you pull say that she's okay。

 yeah here， walk by right and you go hey， who are you okay right or same thing like say that you're here walk over here。

 all right， no need to worry okay now look just be walking back this way， walk this way， all right。

 hey， okay， who are you okay？Okay， all right。 now see look what I'm doing there。From one angle。

 you guys could see that this would be。Me trying to get her。 Do you guys see that。 Okay。

 I'm trying to get her。 Allright， But no， that's not what I'm doing。 When I'm pulling in。

 I'm saying now is your chance。 All right， so have a seat。 Thank you。 Okay。

 you guys give a clap for him for doing it。 Okay， thank you。 All right。

 coming in front of the audience。 All right， So look， ultimately。

 when you put a girl on to speak with her。 It's not like you're trying to impress what you're really doing。

Is it's like， look， you are assuming that you're already chosen by everyone there。 Okay。

 think of yourself as like the guy whose house it is。 It's your party。 It's your house。 All right。

 Tim would call that being the Lord。😡，So it's your party， your house and you're like。You know。

 you're speaking here。You see a girl who you want to talk to。

 so now you're pulling her in saying you know who are you or maybe introduce yourself or whatever it is。

 and basically what the unconscious subcommunication is now is your chance。😡，Right？Sure， hey， boom。

 start talking。 Okay， now is her chance to speak with you。 So basically。

 what you're saying is I take what I want。I see what I want。 I take it。

 Why is that an attractive thing to a woman， a man who sees what he wants and takes。

Those is your strength and intention and your' acting。yes， absolutely。 look。

 if you're a guy who does not take the things that he wants， how can she trust you。

 What can she know about you？ So you have to be a guy who's， you know。

 we talked about resourcefulness。 right， The girl wants to see that it's not like you're like， hey。

 baby， look at these things I've accomplished in life。 I'm so resourceful。

 But it's almost like that subtle level of resourcefulness。

 that really subtle level and she can see that。 right。

 She sees that you're a guy who at home in the world。

 So essentially what you're doing is you're taking the frame of I'm already chosen by everybody and I'm giving you a chance to speak。

 Now， look as a newbie going out and trying something like that。 It's a stretch。

 I'm not gonna lie right， like okay， I'm a chosen one。 the chosen one。 You're like， who are you。

 right， And it's not gonna be there at first。 but caring yourself as the one who is already chosen。

 almost like， you know like。Imagine the way that it got like Prince William or Prince Harry。

The kind of belief systems that they would have， the ways that they would carry themselves。Right。

They're already chosen by countless women。 So at this point， if they want to speak with the girl。

 they'll go over and speak with her。All right， so this is very much the opposite of sort of like。

 you know， hooking her in very indirectly。 This is like you just see what you want， you take it。

 it's needy。If you're going in there and giving your power away， it's highly， highly needy。

 but when you're not giving your power away， it's extremely effective。

 let me tell you how effective it is。😡，It's so effective。And so easy。That when you figure it out。

 you'll probably start to develop an ego around it and it'll stop working。😡。

That's how effective it is。 because when I first learn this。

 when I first learned that all that you really have to do to attract women is just walk up。

Pull them over and say， who are you and sit there。I couldn't believe it。 All right， I was like。

 this is amazing。 And I would look at other guys。 I got to the point where if any guys are putting in any effort to be successful with women。

 I almost thought it was a joke。 I was like， oh， I feel bad for the man。

 They don't realize the truth。 You just fuck up， pull her over and she'll start qualifying herself to you。

 So you can actually look at some mild boot camp testimonials。 We like。

 like Tyler just walks up to the ground。 She just sits there qualifying yourself to him。

 It's amazing。 All right。 And that's because I basically learned。😊，You know， how to be the selector。

 Do you want know what started to happen to me though， about a month in when it was working really。

 really well， I got to the point where I was like， I wasn't really doing it to be the selector anymore。

 I was just doing it to prove that my new theory worked right， It was like。

 I'm gonna to prove that this theory works and so now I wasn't going in there to be the selector anymore was I。

 I was going in there to get validation， was the validation of myself。😡，No。

 it was validation of the technique。That's also why what is one of the worst identities that you can have for yourself。

 a pickup artist， Why is that Because if every girl that you're approaching。

 you're trying to validate the identity， I'm a pickup artist then even though you're not needy for her。

 you don't even want her approval， you just want her approval that you're a pickup artist。

 What is the only guy in the world。😡，Who wants validation even from a girl who he's not attracted to at all？

A pickup artist， you know what I'm saying， so the thing is。That's why that's a horrible identity。

 a real man， like a guy with a really strong polarity。 He's not going up to the girl going。

 Let me validate my pickup artist' identity。 All right。

 What he's doing is he's just being the selector。 I' I'm interested to talk to her。

 Let's see what she's about。 So essentially， the girl views it as an opportunity to speak with you。

 when it doesn't work。 Sometimes just let vectorctor ego as a chooser though。

 and you have to defend that。There's a whole can of worms that happens when it doesn't work。

 and we're going to talk about that today and tomorrow。

I this why you say don't just laugh your ego away none this ever？Oh yeah。

 look that whole big pimp image that you have of yourself， get over it。Cat over it。All right。

 now look。What is this doing to girls in the same way you guys remember how for a girl？

What's happening is that。She's putting her polarity and what's the guy feeling。

 She could leave it any second right So the guy's like， I have to keep being the good energy。

 I have to keep providing the good energy。 And so he's feeling that draw。 Well， likewise。

 when you as a guy have a lot of polarity， What she's basically feeling is that you will do whatever you want。

 You're the chooser， you will do whatever you want。😡，As a result。

Because you're going to do whatever you want。 On some level。

 she always knows that you could just stand up and go get another girl， doesn't she。

She always knows that。 So for example， have any of you you guys ever been doing really well with a girl maybe you're sitting on a stool and she starts dancing in front of you。

You ever had that。 She just starts grinding and dancing in front of you。

 And she's trying to hold your attention。 And and what you can even do is like when she does like a really good like dancing。

 you like really look entranced。 And then when it's not quite as good， you might kind of just like。

 you know， wander a bit。 And then she tries to pull your attention back。 And she loves that。

 right That's like the flirtation， so。😊，It's the same kind of thing。 All right。

 I guess on a certain level。What these behaviors do is they make the girl feel like she's in a warm blanket。

When she's around you， All right， she feels protected and having fun while in your presence。

 but also challenged by the fact that you're so indifferent to social constraints that if she doesn't hold your attention。

 you might stray。So what is the difference。Betweening guys in girls。The key difference。

What I'm going to teach you guys next。Is the source of polarity。Allright， where it comes from。

 how to get it。And how to create a situation where when you're speaking to a girl。

 you can just stand there totally still， and she's going to feel those emotions going through。

 That's what I'm going to teach you。All right， so what's the main difference between guys and girls that allows us to make those key distinction。

 you know， the key distinction。Between guys and girls and where they get their energy from。

 all right， Luke。In guys， we have something called the sweet spot that women don't are not restricted to。

 Okay so look， have any of you ever had a girlfriend where her friend calls her up on the phone and she says says。

 oh， I'm so upset about something I'm so upset about this and she goes， oh。

 that's terrible and she hangs up and then excitedly， very gleefully。

 says I'm going to Susie's house， we're gonna go cry together。All right， ever experienced that。

 do you think that women don't like to cry？Or don't like to be to have drama。 Of course they do。

 They don't have to cry if it something legitimately bad happened。

 but the point is that they want to experience what's called a range of emotions。 All right。

 Women want to experience all their emotions they want to experience them fully， How about guys。

 how many emotions do we want to experience。Right how could we define the sweet spot would we say？

Happy。Chill。Maybe some adrenaline。And getting off， okay。

 if you could maintain that sweet spot for the rest of your life， how happy would you be？Right。

 that would be it。 we'd be fine。 See， we are more limited。

 we have a sort of sense of resistance whenever we go outside of that sweet spot for women。

 they're not limited by that， they're not confined by that as a guy。

 we look at women and we think they're just crazy。😡，From a woman。

 she looks at a guy and she thinks we're rigid。We're confined， we're restricted。

 so women are more free to feel to experience the full emotional range。 Now as guys， you know。

 we like to watch maybe like the sad movie once in a while， whatever it is， that's fine too。

 But for the most part， you know that other 90% of the time we'd like to be in the sweet spot。

So why is it then？That a man。When we have masculine polarity。

 we must draw state from within ourselves。😡，But for a woman， she can draw state from the environment。

Well， that's a very simple thing。The environment is always changing， isn't it。

 The environment is always fluctuating， it's always changing。😡，What that means is that。

There's going to be things that maybe you're upset about， stressed out about， whatever for a woman。

 she can draw state from the environment because she wants to experience the full range of emotions。

 so it is completely okay for her to be getting her state off of the environment。😡，For a man。

 if you draw your state off the environment， it's a losing strategy。😡。

Because what happens when you draw your seat off the environment sometimes？It can change。

Change some flux。 You can get pissed off。 You get angry。 You can get annoyed about things。

 You can be upset。 You may not feel as happy as you want to feel。 So as a man。

 you can never be drawing your state or your happiness off of the environment。

 you can enjoy the environment， you can say， wow， this is beautiful。

 But the point is is that as a man， you do not have the luxury so much of drawing state off of your environment。

What are the consequences of all this？What does this mean？Well， first of all。

What does it mean to draw state from within yourself？

This is where social conditioning comes back as a guy。Growing up in modern society。

We are always taught to look at the surface of things。We're taught that。You know。

 the never ending stimulation is where the enjoyment is。

We are not really geared to look at the depth。But the truth is we can feel good within ourselves at any point。

😡，It's simply a decision that you make and where you allow your awareness to go， okay？So。

This is sort of。A weird little glitch because once you realize that state is more self generated than externally generated for a guy。

A lot of your motivations in life have just completely changed， haven't they？

Like that one little realization changes everything for you。

Because rather than trying to continually get your state from the environment。

 you realize that you get it from within yourself。So let's sort of think about what this means。

 All right， how do we do this， So look。I'll borrow you for a second， Okay， so come on up here。

So we're standing here。And。You know， you look out， okay， so it's whatever， right？Okay。Ser room。

Whatever， it's a nice room thanks。Thank you。 right。Room， whatever。

How could he be in a good state right now， right， I mean， it's just a room。

There's nothing to feel good about， just a room。It's been put on the spot right now。

 It's definitely nothing to feel good about。 That's how a lot of guys are thinking。

But see the thing is at any point that you choose， you can feel that within yourself。 right。

 you can choose to feel that within yourself， and that's a very attractive quality demand。😡。

So why don't we say， look？What are some ways that we can change our state。

 What are some sources that we draw of when we draw off of ourselves， can you think about it。

 anyone have any suggestions， memories， so thinking about the past。

 something that happened they really enjoyed Yeah， okay appreciation， imprints， what's that？

're absolutely now look I'll show you how I like to do it Can we get two chairs？

You you have this chair， anyone want to cough me up a chair？Why't me just throw them up here？s。Okay。

 so look， we're sitting here right now and。You know， the world is moving fast， right， like you know。

 there's all this stimulation going on。Well what I want you guys to do right now and all of you in your seat and any of you watching at home。

Is I want you to slow down。10。Slow down， right。So there's all this different surface stuff moving around。

And that might be where your awareness is right now， right， So I want you to shift your awareness。

 I want you to bring it in。And I want you to put on your breath， okay？Can you feel that Okay。

 iss your awareness there or are you just like， what does this fucking do tell me to do there I there Okay。

 How does that feel。Come okay。Now take in， say like a four second breath。

Like that and feel the field of energy or whatever it be， say your feet， your hands。

 I know this is totally outside the box， but just indulge me here，Can you feel it in your hands？Okay。

 can you feel the top of your head？Your legs。Are you guys doing the same thing？Okay， feel the breath。

Slow it down， all right？How does that feel good？I think some of you are probably doing it。

 and some of you aren't because it takes time to learn how to do it， All right。

When you're in a nightclub， there's so much stimulation going on。Crazy hecticness in the environment。

 all right。And it's designed to suck you in okay？The music， the lights。

 like one thing that sometimes I get people to do is to plug their ears and just imagine the nightclub all lit up with fluorescent lights。

Let's see what that looks like。And so the stimulation。

 what that can tend to do is get you focused like on the little me， right， like。

 how do I fit in here， What's my role in here？ But when you slow it down。Your perception dilates。

 all right， and you're not thinking from that little me anymore。

 but you're thinking of how you fit in within the environment。😡。

And you're seeing the depths of things more。And you' feeling you're more connected to that higher self。

All right， and when you're connected to your higher self， you can slow it down。The congruence tests。

 the nonsense， they're not affecting you so much。Now see right now we're at like a low key energy and look we're talking about remember。

 like I said， is this stuff necessary to be able to get a date or anything， no。

 we're doing advanced stuff here all right， it's advanced pickup energy this is the stuff that a lot of the best guys they do naturally so right now we're in a very calm state do you guys remember how I said you can have the raging the raging brush fire versus the searing hot coal all right you can have you know that access to almost like your higher self to that dilated perception where you feel good？

And still be like joking around like， ay， right， hey， what's going on， You know， like， you can still。

You can still have that。All right， that's centeredness。 That's where that comes from。

 So you can feel good from within yourself。Beyond that， when you slow down。

 you allow the perception to dilate， you see more depth。 Okay， the world has more texture。

So you can look even at the floor and you can look at the table and you can look at other people。

 right， okay， looking at other people， and you can see more depth。All right， so again。

 just slow down。All right， so you can see more depth from the other person when you're speaking with them。

Okay，Because your mind's not。 Do you guys know what it means to be scattered。All right。

 so you're not scattered anymore， Okay so you can feel good from within yourself。Now， again。

 does that not mean that you can't？Jump up， hey， how you guys doing？All right， jump。

 know you can have that， that again， access to that higher sub。Just feeling good within yourself。

 You can choose to do that， right， Do you feel good right now。Right。

 it's funny okay and did you know that when somebody is is sort of like as we call that in the moment。

 you can help to pull other people into that right and so you can feel good independently you don't need to keep looking to your environment to give you the instant gratification and never ending stimulation that you want in order to feel good because that centeredness it comes from inside yourself and so that's why when you speak to a woman and you're。

Okay， I'm even going to slow it down for a second。Okay， and then you look at the woman。

And you're just speaking with her。 And that's where the polarity comes from， Okay。

 because you're like。Oh， cool。 Sure， you know， just having a conversation。

But you're seeing the depth， All right， Do you see the pupils right。

 and we'll talk more about this and we'll talk more about what you see in a woman's eyes and what you you know。

 the depth that you see。And that allows that centeredness and of course when you're accessing that higher self you know when you've got that strong polarity。

 you quote unquote， I know these are cheesy words， but look you're connected to your masculine power。

 as we would call it all right， very cheesy， I understand that。

 but when you're connected to that because you can be connected to it and you can lose it。

But when you're connected to it。Are you naturally going to qualify yourself。

 Are you going to do little jittery things？😡，Do you remember。

 we talked about like the rhythm like that。 Do you guys remember we did that twice yesterday。

 You'll naturally be along that rhythm。 All right， when you slow it down， you're in the moment。

The perception dilates so you're not focused on your little petty issues。Okay。

 how does this person see me or what does that person see me， In fact。

 you want to know what really happens。I want you to think of it this way。

 when you think about consciousness， all right。Because I mean， what are you， right， I mean。

 we want to get all weird and metaphysical here for a minute。You know， we're all matter， right， like。

 you know， the substance， good looking matter， Good looking matter， right， right， and， you know， and。

We have the consciousness， right， and consciousness is this great gift that we have because we can be conscious of。

 you know， the world around us。But where that gift can become a curse。

Is where the word self consciousness comes in。意思。And that's an amazing distinction of consciousness versus self consciousness。

And when you're just experiencing consciousness。That's when everything is smooth， right。

 You're in the moment。 You're conscious。 It's when you become too aware of the petty little me。

That's when you're focused on yourself right， because I always say that if you think you have problems。

 go get bigger problems， stop focusing on yourself so much。

 and a lot of your own problems won't seem like such a big deal， you know。😡，Like offering value。

 but look。That's the difference。 Okay， so you can feel good within yourself。 So here。

 come down here and stand up for a second。 All right， Or actually just say right here。 Okay， So look。

 again， just breathe in。Okay I want you guys to say feel good。 All right， say be happy。😊，All right。

 do you feel happy？Okay， say feel happy。All right。Do you guys feel good， Yes， okay， Just chill。

 right？ And you can still have a high level of energy。 All right。😊，Okay， you can still feel good。

 You can still have that， but you have to allow the perception to dilate by slowing down。 All right。

 slow down the scatteredness。 Be conscious， but don't be too self conscious。Be outside your head。

 you can retreat into your mind for a minute to fish things out。😡，But that's all that it is。

 isn't it？And so when you're focused on memories and be that projections of the future or memories of the past。

Again， that's related to the self。But consciousness is like a natural state of feeling good。

 All right， And we'll talk more about that。 So you see， when I'm out there。😊。

And I'm having a great night。 And believe me， you know， a great night is a feeling like nothing else。

 All right， It so addictive。 And when I'm having a great night。

 I'm not thinking about what I'm doing。😊，It's not。 I am the doer。 It is this is happening through me。

 Okay， if you guys have ever read Bruce Lee G Kunddo he talks about that in the Doo。

 they talk about that。 said you are not the doer。 You're not even trying to take credit for it to enhance your sense of self。

 It's just this is happening through me。 So it's that good feeling that you have within yourself。

 And when you're talking to a woman。 And you can look her。 you can make really。Perfect， unreactive。

 smooth eye contact。 And she's going to feel that energy coming off of you。

 And that's the energy of attraction。 So like in the same way。😊，That's。You know。

 you might have been attracted at one point to a girl who was totally not the social concept of good looking。

 And you felt that for whatever reason。Even if you're not the best looking guy in the world。

 a woman can still feel that coming off of you and say， I don't know why I like that guy， right。

 She doesn't know why， but she does。 And that's what masculine polarity is。 here have a seat for me。

 Thank him for coming and give you an example。All right。Soute， you can feel good within yourself。

 say be happy。Allright， thank you。 Okay， Tell me to be happy。 Allright， now， look at this。

 you can change your physiology。 Why don't you jump back up here for me for just two seconds。

 We'll go spontaneous。 Ju back up。 Look， physiology has a lot to do with the two。 Okay， look。

 if we're sitting here， right， same higher self。 same in the moment。 And now we just go like this。😊。

Okay， see what see the smile。 Do you guys see that， Do you see the smile， right？ Okay， So， if I go。

 if I go， okay， again。😊，Yeah， feel good， right， okay， go like that。All right， feel good， okay。

 do you see what you can do to yourself？You can pump your own state at will。

You can choose to feel good at will。 And that is what a guy who is really advanced。

 really great in the field does。 You'll see a group of guys that are walking。 and they just have。

 you know， the swagger， right， they have that。 as a joke on on the boot camp。 I call the power jump。

 I was say， give me a power jump like that， right， And it's just like that own stay pump。

 It's that like that hire yourself that feeling good。 All right， you can allow yourself to feel good。

 All right， you can allow yourself to slow down stop worrying about all this silly。

 petty little me problems of who's better than who and who you don't like and who doesn't like you and what people think of you and you can just be conscious of it。

😊，All right， just be aware of what's going on around you and let go of the self conscious。

 And that's for that good。Okay， that good energy construct， okay， do this。干。sandal go flying as well。

 That'd be even cooler。 Like， so， you know what I'm saying， right， you can do it。 Alright。

 you can go into the club just as soon as you get there like dad， do this with me guys。😊，Do it。

 right？Okay， give me a scream。Okay。👏do it。 All right， you can choose to do that。 All right。

 you can choose to make yourself feel good when you want to。 Okay， now have a seat for me again。

 Okay， thank you。 Great example。 And he's been great。 Okay， thanks。😊，钱。Now， I'll be living。In Hawaii。

And one of the things that I noticed when I went to the Polynesian Culture Center。

 which is this completely bizarre place where you explore Polynesian culture， was that the guys。

They would play the drums， right， And these guys were awesome， man， They were just awesome。

 and they would play the drums， and they would screaming。😊，Okay。

 I can't even do it the way they could do it。 They are awesome okay。

 and they can just scream like that and see， that's like that primitive thing， right。

 like that not so much socially conditioned society， right， the wild man， okay。

 and they have that like they can scream。You know what I'm saying， like， they're connected with that。

 And look， let me show you something。 Okay， here。 Why don't you come up here for a second。 Okay。

 I'll put you on the spot。 So I want to kind of show you， what's that。Blow the conch。 blow the conch。

 All right。 Oh， yeah， Okay， so look， where are you from， Nevada， you ever seen a cowboy before。😊。

Okay， you know how they scream Yha， Can you do that。Try。No， I know he could。 try。 Okay， come on。

 give a real one。 Okay， do you guys see what he did there。 Okay。

 Is he connected to his primitive wild man， Okay， try again。😊，Yeah。

 mind do a real fucking loud as loud as you can。Yeah， all right， Okay。

 so see you see what you see what's going on there， right， So is he， does he have to swag right now。

 Okay， right， So look。😊，If you yell， how loud can you killing like can you do that， Okay。

 what's going on there。You stifle。 Okay， we'll talk more about that。 Okay。

 Now can you give like like yeah。Okay， can you give it like that？Okay， right， we're practicing， okay？

All right， okay， okay， so like the Texas people now are like， yeah， all right。

 You probably got Texas could dos watch this DVD at home。 like， yeah， right。

 Now I'm not even from Texas。 I've never even really done that before。

 but I just thought of it as an example， right， But again， do what do you feel when you do that。😊。

Yes。Is the energy yeah。Okay， can you go like a。A。Can you， what else， What do you want to scream？

Matt Damon， okay， Matt Damon， All right， okay。You know what I'm saying， right， can you scream？Okay。

 repeat after me。Oh oh oh。哦哦哦 a a a a a a哦。好咧好了哎哎呦。好你好靓。哎呦。All right， okay。

 do you see he's learning the swagger， all right， but look。

You're not going to be able to like really get that。 I'm just making up little songs for my buddy。

 Chris from Canada， likes to sing that song， but look。

You're not going to find like that energy to really be and stay， right。

 Like to really attract women hard。 You're not going to find that by trying to feed off of other people's reactions。

You can't。 So it comes from within yourself。 And that's what masculine polarity is。 See。

 you bring it from the kind of joke that I do on boot camps。 I go， I go。Like that's like， allright。

 That's what it is。 Gu， you bring it up， right， almost like， you know， from your center。

 whatever it is， so。All right， think about discussion。 is everyone here feeling good。 Okay。

 tell me to be happy。All right， you feel again。 Okay， you slow， okay， you slow down。

You can just allow perception to dilate， right， Can you feel your breath？Can you feel in your body？

Now do you have to say focused there or can you even like move around and just allow yourself to say centered like that and see if it takes some practice right because at first it's very easy to just sit down and feel the center。

 but then to move around like that that's different But when you're in that mode。

 say you go into the clothing store and you have the jeans girl there right it's so natural to just scoop her up and you know why because you're following your own intentions so you don't even think about going and approaching her you just do it。

 it just happens。Alright， okay。Now yell with me， okay， go like this。呃。Look what happened there。

It's called stifled， right？Okay， do with me again。あ。

What's he doing there is will he do it without me doing it with him？喂。's looking for energy Okay。

 so you have to bring it from yourself。 Allright， so I'm gonna stop halfway through and youve got to bring it from yourself。

 Don't look to their reactions。 Don't think about selfconsciousness。 Allright。

 don't think about selfconscious。 yeah， this is not print out the best instruction。 right， but。

 just figure out what I'm saying。 All right， so okay， so basically look， Allright。

 so just bring it from within yourself。 I'll stop part way through。 Okay，😊，He does it for a second。

 but what happens？We call that the little break in the clouds。

 the real self shines through for a second。 and then。He goes back， right？Oh。

How fucking tight is that。Guys， can you deal it with me？🎼All right。感谢。😊，up here。 Okay， All right。

 see。 And so what social conditioning， Let's bring it back to social conditioning。

 because it always keeps coming back。 What social conditioning does is it disconnects you from that。

😊，All right， it disconnects you。From the death。And gets you focused only on the surface。

 So you no longer see depth the depth of things。 All right， your perception is always contracted。

 What do people think of me， How does this affect me， What does it say about my status， right。

 rather than just allowing it。😡，To open up， all right。

 allowing perception to dilate and just being conscious of what's around you without being self conscious。

Now。Again， masculine polarity。You bring it from within yourself。

 You're not trying to draw it off the environment。 You want to know why， like I said。

 the environment is too volatile。 You are not the source of。😡，What。

You cannot be the source of grounding energy。When you're trying to draw state off of your environment。

And guys will say to me， well， what if I like music， What if I want to dance， right。

 I get that at least one person will always ask me that。 And I say， look。

 it's okay to draw state off the environment just to enjoy it and to see the depth of things。

All right， that's fine。 you know， if you feel the music and moves through you whatever it is。

 that's fine， but simultaneously it cannot be your primary source。 All right。

 it's not the main place that you draw state from it's just one of many。

 but like look you can draw state off of your environment but eventually you know you always have that ability to go back within yourself。

 In fact， you guys want to talk about relationships for two seconds。 let me even tell you this。😡。

HaveHave you guys ever heard of the Coolidge effect？Co Yeah， Calvin Cooliidge， right。

 And what the Coolige effect is， is how people are known to get sick of having sex the same girl over and over。

So you know how like when you have a girlfriend and then at first the sex is like blisteringly hot and then over time。

 maybe it goes down， like maybe the frequency of sex goes down or the enjoyment that you get out of sex goes down and people say。

 well， hey， I can't help that right you know that's the coololiidge effect。

 there's even this science stuff behind it right， But the thing is when you're in a relationship in the long term。

 if you want to continue to enjoy sex。Sex cannot be about drawing state from the environment。

 In other words， sex cannot be about in the long term in the short term， fine， right。

 But in the long term， when you have a relationship。

 you cannot be drawing state like the emotions that you're looking for from the same girl when you're having sex the same girl over and over。

 In fact， sex is an outpouring of energy right It's not a neediness， It's outpouring。 right。

 It's that chance to like， you know when we're screaming up here and yelling and stuff like that。

 That is what sex is in the long term。 It's an expression。 It's it's just a way to just go nuts。

 right， It's a way to cut loose。 It's a way to sort of focus on what you're doing。

 Did you guys know that even like washing dishes can be like a meditative practice。

 like just washing the dishes and like washing as you clean it。

 One thing that as I grow RsD and stuff like that。 you'll always still see me like helping the guys setting up the tables and stuff like that。

 helping on all the little areas because I enjoy it。

 I don't like a lot of people in business like my business。😊，managers and and。

 you know advisors and stuff。 they're all like， oh。

 you've got to cut out everything as a mediumial and blah， blah blah。 And， you know。

 I understand that。 And I， and I believe in delegation。 But like。

 I really like to be down there you know， enjoying it， right， And it's the same reason why。

I don't think you should ever feel a need to always talk to high status people right Like people have this desire to keep drawing save off the environment so they keep trying to chase high status people。

 but people are just people， right， And when you speak with somebody。

 it's not like you're trying to draw off of them it's that it's an expression。

 it's outpouring And what's amazing about that is that when you have that kind of mindset to be able to walk up to a woman who's dropped dead gorgeous。

😡，It's no problem because all people are equal to you。

 And it will make you a lot more naturally screening， doesn't it， Because you're not like。

 you're not like already just completely sold on her just because she happens to be in a tight skirt or something like that。

 Isn't it kind of ironic。That is almost like only when you kind of transcend that desperate need is when you start getting。

You know， the super hot girls， right， like like the guys that are really great。

 they're totally indifferent to looks typically like they've been with like countless like you know。

 dream hot maxim magazine type girls， but they're just as happy to be with like you know a more regular type girl。

 they're really looking at the depth all right Like for me， I found that as the years went on。

 I just experienced the depth of the girl that I'm talking to so much more strongly than I experienced the surface layers。

 But because of that， meeting the girls who just have that superficial appearance is extremely it just gets a lot easier。

 you know， it's like a afterthought almost。😊，Now， like I said， so for the woman， she wants。

 she can draw a state off of her environment。 right， That's fine。 So she's the receiving one。

 You see what I'm saying， have you guys ever noticed that here's an interesting one。

How weird is it when you first realize that a lot of women during sex like to have their hair pulled。

 like to get spanked， that kind of stuff。You guys had that one。

 Do you remember like that first girl who like gets you to do that。

 I remember the first girl that ever got me to do that。And she' she's like bite me。Right。

I to bite you， right？ She's like， do it， right， I'm like I'm like。And she's like harder， right。

 I'm like。She's like， do it as hard as you can want to do it。 And she's like， dude。

 I'm like she's like， right， oh my God， okay you know。😊，That's what she wants， right， you know。

 some girls， they want that， they want their hair pulled。 They want the spanking。

 They want to be you know rough around。 Other girls are completely turned off by that。

 like like any sign of that is like， whoa back off， right， Like you know， it depends on the woman。

 But clearly， there are a lot of women who enjoy that。 And these aren't just like kooky women。

 I mean， these are women that you could be like in an intellectual discussion with very well put together。

 But they want that， who is your daddy， like you know， that raw sex。

 And if you don't give that to them， they'll find a guy that will right。

 That's a great way to lose your girlfriend。 Like she wants that good sex and for you to meet her needs And and you're not doing it。

 So。You know， why is that， Again， women draw state from their environment。

 They want to experience a range of emotions。 They want， you know， that passion All right， as a guy。

😊，There's no way I want to get bid。All right， I don't want to be whipped， I don't want to get bit。

 I don't want like to be spanked。All right， I don't need that。 Okay。

 I'm totally my life is just fine without that stuff。You know， I could be flexible， but you know。

 I'm not looking for that。 all right， women。You know。They want， you know a lot of girls。

 they want that range of emotions。 They want to be pushed through like sex is like a huge expression of emotion for them。

 a huge wide range and hugely expressive thing。 And so that masculine polarity and that sort of giving and outpouring that you know in many ways there's so many parallels both both in terms of like male。

 female physical anatomy， But even beyond that just everything about it。

 that's where it's coming from。 So again， when you have that that good feeling is within yourself。

 you can almost imagine it。In a lot of ways， like you're speaking with the girl and most guys。

 what are they doing， they're trying to draw state from what。

 What are they trying to draw state from to reactions， their reaction seeking right。

 They're trying to draw state from the girl's indicators of interest。 The girl goes like that right。

 and boom， what happens to your state。 It goes she laughs。 It goes goes up goes out。 Good So look。

With the。With。Reaction seeking， again， if you're think of it this way。

 if you're in the habit on a day to day basis of trying to draw state off your environment。

 if that's how you live your life。Is it going to be natural to walk right up to a girl and then try to draw safe from within at that point？

No， no， you can do it Like you can do it。 All right， if you are， if you have bad hat。 Like。

 first of all， say that you're starting out and you're still in that mode where you're always drawing state from your environment all the time。

 Of course， you can say， okay， for like the next couple minutes。

 I'm gonna really draw state from within myself， consciousciously force yourself to do it。

 and you can have it be effective。 All right， It can work。But it's not going to be the ideal。

 It's certainly not the ideal way of doing things。 Allright。

 So you want it to come from within yourself。Isn't it interesting too how a lot of pickup right like a lot of the way that guys pick up girls。

 what they'll do is they come up with all these little tactics and I've done it myself every little type of tactic to get the response from the girl to keep their state up。

 right， do this to make her chase， do this to make your laugh。😡，It's keeping their state up。

 And remember how we talked about empirical science and how it's very fuzzy。

 like what causes attraction。If you go do all those tactics and then you have success。

 what are you going to think caused it， especially if you come from remember the foundational beliefs that you're here and the girls here。

 of course， you're going to believe that。 But in reality。It may well not always。

 but may well have just been your state。 that maculine polarity that you had because you successfully pushed all the buttons。

 right， you successfully kept her flooding you with indicators of interest So you were able to pull it off。

 you're taking you're not Well， it can definitely be like that yeah。

 like the thing is you can still pick up a girl successfully like that。 because look。

 if you know all the right moves to keep the girl laughing at you continually。 you know all of them。

 which I do， All right， because I've did it for years。 So you know。

 all the right moves keep the girl laughing， it's so easy to maintain your state because you're like。

 okay then I'll do this line， then I'll do this line， then I'll do this line。

 But here's the thing you're walking a tightrop aren't you， you're walking on eggshells。

 And then as we talked about， you know the tactics get played out right when more and more people learn them and you've got that whole bald wax。

 So essentially， what I later realized was look。😊，On a really hot night。

 when I get connected to that， again， she's determined that masculine power， that masculine polarity。

 when I get connected to that， when my awareness goes there because isn't not really what it is。

 it's about awareness like。😡，Okay， slow down and you get that awareness。

 When you get connected to that， you find success to look。What do we do。

 We draw it from within ourselves。 Now， again， this is an advanced seminar。And we're talking about。

 know， again， like I said， advanced， I hate the term， but advanced pickup artistry。

 And why is it that this will increase your closing the deal rate。

Byu maybe 10 times to 50 times what you have right now。 The simple thing。 All right。

 because I don't harp， I don't harp on a small point like this。 if I think it's minor。

 Here's the reason why。Most of the guys in RSD have just seen results just shoot up so significantly。

 And also why the guys that come on program are you know。

 we're getting like so many reports now like， you know。

 instructors like with the guys on the program， like cooking up with girls and stuff。

 like the same hotel， craziness， like it's literally gotten out of control。

What happens very much when we think about congruence tests， if you guys think about that。

Is that when the girl is with you， she's initially giving the congruence test and seeing if you're holding your state。

 So you're holding your state rent。 But at some point in that interaction， I really believe this。

 the girl will fully withdraw the indicators of interest。 She will fully withdraw them at some point。

So that there is no conceivable way。😡，That if you're drawing state from your environment。

 you could hold your state。She will pull it away from you。 So what'll happen is you're like， oh bh。

 you know， using this pickup line that pickup line， she's gigglingre like， yeah， you're going and。

 you're getting dominant。 You're doing really well， right。

 You can do well maybe for an hour or two hours， so it can look good initially。 But at some point。

 she withdraws indicators of interest somewhere down line。 Maybe she even goes to the bathroom。

 What happens to your state when that happens。Like that。

 what happens when your state goes down start reacting， the internal dialogue comes back。😡，All right。

 have you guys ever had that where like you're totally in the zone。

 you're bringing a girl back up to your apartment and then just as you're bringing her back up。

 you start to think， you start thinking about it。 What's going to happen， Is this going to happen。

 Is it cool， will my friends be impressed， whatever you see it the attractions going downtown little。

And she's like， let's go back to your apartment。Okay， we get in the apartment and I'm thinking okay。

 I'm just going to cave man like right when she walks through the door she walked straight into my bedroom and I was like what the fuck and she sat down on the bed。

And she just sat there， but like anything I would do， no reactions。

 she was just like a statute takes it away and I'm like， fuck， what do I do now？Yeah。

 and that's the thing， right， and as soon as you let it affect you。You lose right。 And so look。

 let's keep barreling forward here。 When we have the key thing is。

 and this is why I've seen the close rate go up so much since this is been incorporated in is because what's happening now。

We're almost coming to a really weird zone， who here has ever studied what an indicator of interest is。

Everybody， right， everybody， What are the classic indicators of interest， touching。

 touching the hair， you know， being interested， you know， gling your jokes， that kind of stuff。

 Do you want to know a freaky thing。A lot of the best guys don't read indicators of interest。

 they do not read them。All right。What's that， then you don't react exactly。 In fact。

 I've gotten to a point now。Where to an advance， like to a lot of guys。

 I don't even want to teach indicators of interest。 like and sort of a dilemma for me as a teacher。

 some guys， because that's why we run the boot camp so low ratio。

 like so that we can tailor the person individual Basically some guys I might teach indicators of interest to。

 But a lot of guys， I don't want to teach it to because I don't want them focusing on that right Like that was an indicator of interest。

 My state goes up now， my little totem poll got higher， right。

 and then now it goes down So we want that steadiness。 All right because again。

 we're talking about sexworthy guy the clothes。 All right。

 we're not talking about how to make a girl laugh in a nightclub and give you a flaky number。

 We're talking about the clothes here。 All right， we're talking about getting this handled where you live in sexual abundance。

 So basically， yeah， your state must hold。But what most guys do in order to achieve polarity。

 to achieve that draw is they do two things。 There's two button push gimmicks that we know through this community that are well known。

 and they're good， and I'm not saying not to do them。

 I'm just saying that it cannot be the basis of what you're about。 They're very good。

 I think highly of them I like them， but they're not the basis of what you're about。

 The first one is entertainment。😡，If you can entertain the girl by talking about topics she likes about。

 she will feel drawn towards you， right， because look。

 if someone's talking about something you love to hear about， you're drawn towards them。😡。

The other one， and this brings us back to the bizarre， weird story that I started the day with today。

Do you remember the story of the from Diego， the girls from San Diego， They meet the heroin dealer。

 They go home with them， why？What made three nice young attractive girls go home with the three scumies guys in Los Angeles？

Exactly， you have a reality of who you are。And you want that reality validated。😡，At all times。

Remember we talked earlier about what a Hawk girl's reality is， do you remember what it was。

 and everyone validates me， let's just go right back up to the list。What is a Hawk girl's reality？

First， I'm aha girl。You're the next guy the night who puts me on a pedestal。

 You need my validation and sex and approval。 I'm too hard to get。

 Feel free to entertain me if you like。😡，When I say， you know what。

 this is Bradty behavior because that was what they did with truly Bradty behavior。

 You don't hook up with my friend and then try to hook up with me。 Come on， right， Do you know， okay。

 what what happens to a friendship when you do something like that。

 They're going to disrupt the entire fabric of all of all my friendships。 if she's gonna do that。

 That's insane， right， totally unacceptable。 So she's out of there。 Now， the thing is， is like。😡。

We bring her downstairs。 These are cute girls。 They're not used to being just kicked out because I said you're all out of here。

 The whole lot of them are out of there。 All right。

 Like the other two were in the bedrooms with my other two friends of them。😡，nockcular。 You're gone。

 All right。 Why is that that's called living in abundance。

 How many girls are downstairs at the restaurant， You just go get some more living in abundance here。

 There's no way that that kind of nonsense can be going on in any house of mine。 Now， look。😡。

Their reality， I'm ahawk girl just got violated。 So what do they do。

 They're going to find some other guy。 They've been。

 remember how I talked about how when you don't study self development。

 even when you're normally really confident。When things don't go your way， you just react。

This is what girls do When you say to a girl， something like you and I would not get along。

 which I think is a great line。 I love the line to death。😊，What's going to happen？

What's her response。 Oh， we would。 Oh， we would get along， right， It would be so great。

 She might start touching。Do you guys know the trick of how to get a quick makeout？😡。

Does everyone here know how to get a make within like 30 seconds？ No It is so easy。

 It's not even funny。 I could teach。The the scrubiest guy in the world。

 how to get a make out in 30 seconds It real simple。 You just walk up real like really high energy。

 like really fun， really high energy， and you just say some entertaining stuff and just keep pushing her away。

 push her away， push her away both verbally or even physically go go go like that almost like this like go in。

 start joking around， go you're crazy， You're look uncrossed your arms， woman。

 how am I even talking you right now， how I go go go God， what am I gonna do with you， here。

 come here， come here， come here。😡，All right。Okay， really， like it's so simple， Oh， thank you。

 thank you， all right， okay。Really， really simple stuff。 Now。

 the thing or1 I love is what did you do before you met me， What did you do before you met me。

 right I love that one， Okay because essentially， you're like you're like taking the reality like fast。

 right like I must listen to。 So， okay， So the thing is me just teasing right。

 So you can get that makeout。 We call that again， the two types of button pushes that we that we usually learn are entertainment and。

😊，Pushing away， right， disrupting， we call that disrupting her reality。

 disrupting the girl's reality so that she wants to reassert her reality by getting you to respond the way she wants。

Thats kind remember I was talking to you guys about the kind of pitfalls of becoming a guru or an expert at something。

You can actually talk to a lot of gurus who they're used to having authority， right。

 And if you're just totally nonchalant and they'll be like， oh。

 I'm not gonna to teach you all my secrets。 But if you talk to them， you're all nonchalant。

 they're like， do you know this thing， Do you know about that， Come on， you know。

 and then by the way， what happens when they start telling you this stuff And then you don't react。

 they're going down like this， right， it's almost like a tailspin of qualifying yourselves。

 because what happens is it's like they're continuing to bet double or nothing over and over。

 trying to get that validation。 And they don't know they're doing it right， So isn't funny。

 like the most popular， like knowledgeable people， including like a beautiful girl right。

 like a gorgeous girl who normally like you can't get with me。 I'm too hot。

 But then even the scrubiest guy。ButWhen he just disrupts a reality。She'll make out with them now。

 She'll make out with the perfect stranger within 30 seconds， so。Okay， these are great tricks。I mean。

 they're cool。 They're really cool。 It's fun to be able to do that。 It's a fun little skill to have。

 What I just did there。 You guys can go out and try that tonight。 And it's a fun little thing。

 It's fun， right， And when you learn it， you feel great。😊，When you do that。

 when you get your first like make out with a girl that you just met。

 it's amazing right sometimes you know over time， you even make out with girls。

 you haven't even spoken a word to。 That's when you're really in the zone right like you're so in the zone。

 you're so in the zone and then you just like started like see a girl as you walk by and you just like go in and just like you just start making out like oh man right randomly Sure yeah you had to like yeah yeah。

 you know I when I've really had it， I even had this happen to me once。 I was talking to a girl。

 and I see out of my peripheral vision。 this like grumpy looking girl come over right and and she she goes get out of here and shoves the girl off right I thought it was the friend pulling the cock block move and then she's like。

 so what's your name。immediatelymedia， I was blown away， right， I'm not gonna。

 She wasn't like the hospital in the club anything。 but I was blown away。 I couldn't believe it。

 right， And that was sort of like when I was first discovering what it means to act through own intentions now。

The button push， great stuff。 You learn it， and it's a thrill。 But here's where the pitfall is。

It's brutal。 When you learn how to do this， you feel like you're this attractive guy because you say to yourself。

 how many， how many of my friends could get a makeout with a girl within 30 seconds。

How many my friends could do that， none。They can't do it。

How many of my friends can just walk up to any girl and make her laugh at his jokes， none。

And now all of a sudden， your buddies think you're a huge pimp。

And everyone thinks you're a huge pimp。And girls are responding to you like you're a huge pimp。

But what happens at nighttime？Are you warmly snuggled with some girl you like。

 or do you have your laptop out and a bottle of vaseline on the nice thing right， Okay。

 so what's the deal， right？You can't keep it up forever。

 like even if you get a leg off at eight hours or whatever， right then she's like。lower。 Oh， yeah。

 the relationship can go down。 and I blew many relationships like that。 because， again。

 I had that belief that man was here。 woman was here。 and I had to keep qualify myself now。

I guess you could say that。Even like。When you hold the girl's attention and you and you try to disrupt her reality。

 right， it's a good way to hook initial attention。 But what tends to happen is once you revalate her。

 what happens。SheHave any of you guys ever like pushed her girl away hard， got the makeout。

 and then after you make out， she just leaves？Yeah， and that blows you away。 right， You're like。

 how could this be happening， Okay， I remember when I was really learning how to play hard to get。

 I started， I started to see the potential of it。 I really liked the hard to get frame。

 So I did that and。😊，I would get these really incredible results in the field。

 but it wasn't translating into the clothes。 All right， the word clothes sucks so much。

 I've just been watching entourage， and they called it the clothes on entourage。 I love that show。😊。

Because I mean， the word clothes kind of implies like you're a salesman trying to close like you're wanting something。

 But you know what I'm saying， Okay going to the full， you know， full deal。 Allright。

 because what happens is when you're playing hard to get。 It's really hard to maintain that。 I mean。

 if you want to do the hard to get style， you can do it。

 But essentially what you have to do is the whole it has to be hard to get from the start all the way the end。

 like you know get out of here。 You know what， I'm not going anywhere with you right now。

 Yes goes like， yes， you are。 I'm like no， I'm not going with you。 She's like， yes， you are。

 I'm like， get go away she's like no， and she'll like。

 she'll drag you right And then even when you get back to the house It like nothing is happening tonight。

 It's not happening。 Okay， maybe I'll kiss you。 I'm you're not taking those off。 don't do it。

 don't take then she'll start peeling the clothes off and you know and goes like that right And you can make that happen。

 But that is the fucking piewire act of the decade。 It really is。

 I've made it work because because I went out 10s in a row。 So you can make it work。😡。

But you are playing a tightrop act。😡，And I used to feel like it's like if I just。

 this is how I used to feel。 and it really affected myself the scene。

 I felt like if I made one little mistake， the girl would just leave。 You know， I'm like。

 why is it that when I make one little mistake， Like I just say one stupid thing。

 and the same girl that used to like me doesn't like me anymore。 And。

 and it almost made me like angry。 You know what I'm saying， like it's so fucking shallow。

 It's such bullshit。 And that's how and it made me angry。 No man， it wasn't the girl's fault。

 It was me， I was causing that， Because I didn't know what real masculine polarity was。

 I certainly didn't have it， And so I was relying on button push after button push。😡。

Give a little entertainment， push them away to keep that draw。 You know how when we say polarity。

 We mean like a draw。So it doesn't last。😡，That's the issue。 And so your close rate goes down。

 So why do we teach all this silly esoteric， feel the inner body and dilate the perception。

 the silly esoteric stuff that seems so unrelated。 Why do we teach that。😡，Yes because it sticks。

 All right， It sticks。And isn't wonderful right that same polarity that normally is like a spike like you're spik the you know keep spiking it to keep a drawing towards you rather than being like you know the roaring brush fire it's like that searing hot coal and just sits there almost like a seaing hot like you know like a seaing hot coal just kind of sits like that right just sitting there like the ember right you just can kind of sit there。

😡，You could just talk。And you know what you can do。

 know all those little rules that you had before Like don't ask rapport seeking questions。

 like don't seek rapport too early。 I used to teach that。 don't seek rapport too early。 Well。

 when you have that polarity， a different set of rules applies to you because a lot of those old constraints that you used to have in your interactions with women like you have this rule。

 you can't break this rule。 You can't break that rule。

 a lot of those begin to evolve and you can break the rules。And you still quote unquote。

 get away with it。 All right， So a lot of those rules， like， for example， don't be too generic。

You might be， remember how we talk about surface and in depth？😡，On the surface。

 what you may be doing， it may be generic or not。 can， you know， you can take， you know。

 really strong maskculine polarity and be totally off the wall。 But let's say that it is generic。

Well， the surface layer of the conversation might be generic， but the depth is going on there。

Is totally， totally different。 And that's why guys will say， well， whenever I go open。

 I introduce myself， I， you know， I just get blown off。 Well， there's no depth in you， man。

 There's no depth there。 All right， So that's why the blowoff is occurring。

 Don't get hard on yourselves if that's happening。 But generally。

 that's why you don't to know another reason why sometimes I get blown off。

Because the girls are dummy。 All right， Or because she's busy。

 So don't take responsibility for getting blown off on all counts。

