# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：20.学员结营总结【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

嗯。You know， I've been around the seduction community since 97。

 I've pretty much seen everything that's out there。 And right now， we've just gone through。

 I got to say it took a lot of balls for Tyler to do this。

Cause he took everything that's been out there。 And he just basically said， okay。

 that's the beginning。And now this is level 2。The subtle differences between being versus doing。

And it's immense and substantial。 So either you're doing something to someone。

 you're trying to get a result， you're something that's commonly known as being a chameleon。

Working towards that chameleon thing to get that result instead of being the authentic person that you really are。

 sort of taking the new actualization， self-reization movement and brought it into the seduction community so that these people are coming out of this empowered。

 So in the past， you know， youd see people and they would become incredibly good at seduction。😊。

And they would burn up， blow up。 They wouldn't find the happiness they thought they were going to find。

 This is about being who you are and getting results in ways that are real from someone who's actually been doing it incredibly successfully for a really long time。

😊，I feel like I just stepped out the door into the matrix。

 and I'm I'm heading down the tunnel to the new beginning。

This is by far the best program that you could possibly get it's not。

It's worth so much more than the money that you would pay for it that you should just do it。

 don't even think about it。I learned that I can actually be myself and like myself or who I am and not have to worry about putting on fronts for anybody else。

I realize that everything comes from inside， it doesn't come from outside。

 and anything you try to do to put on the outside if there's no solid foundation there is just going to crumble it。

I would say without an outtake it， this is the most profound thing on any subject I've ever heard in my entire life。

 so it's absolutely amazing。To live an authentic lifestyle， you know。

 to really get everything you wanted to life and， you know， free yourself in the matrix。

 if you want to call it that。I mean， to live a lifestyle that。You design， you know。Authentic one。

I've learned just to not seek external things to make me happy， you know。

I can get anything I want from myself。You know， it feels great， it's amazing。Actually。

 I would recommend this program not only to people in the seduction community。

 but I think this is actually a great program for everybody。

 just personally for myself in terms of kind of spiritual learning and really kind of just figuring things out for myself。

 I think the program encompasses a lot more information than。

Just specifically on the topic of seduction， so I would actually recommend this to anybody that's looking for personal self improvement。

Over the course of four days what I've really really kind of learned is kind of to step outside myself and really kind of take a look at myself as a whole。

 so I mean， from being able to do that and really kind of just reassessing what my values are as a person。

I was actually quite surprised at the material that was covered because when I was coming here。

 I was expecting to really see what type of techniques people were going to talk about specifically about seduction。

Versus really just finding out a bit more about myself and kind of really getting to the root and the foundation of who I am and who I should be as a person。

 so that's actually why I would recommend this program not to just people in the seduction community。

 but people that are constantly struggling to kind of find their higher sense of meaning or self。

So that's actually what I got got from the program definitely the big topic was you know being a bit more be yourself versus letting kind of the outside。

 you know， having your ego dictate kind of who you are as a person。

 so I would say the biggest thing I've taken away from this is really just。

Don't think about what you can kind of do for yourself or what you can kind of do for others。

 how to offer value， how to be a better person， so how you can be better to your friends。

 to your family， your friends， your community， philanthropy， that type of deal。

 so it's actually hit me on a much deeper level than I would just say on the seduction side。

 but it's really kind of hit me more on a spiritual level。Yeah。To。

Put their effort in getting it as much as possible because he's a very good program and I was here。

Went through the experience of it and it's。Money went to e呗。

What I learned from this program was to look at myself and really。Xu。

With the inside and to be a better person and to not take value， but to give value。Look at myself。

 really look at myself and not have a。I just look at external things to make me happy。

 just bring state from within。Really， really concrete my core， having a solid core foundation。

I would say definitely consider it because even if you have almost no social skills。

 even if you've been in the field for a couple years or even an intermediate。

 this will take you to the next level， or if you are new。

 this will give you an extraordinarily foundation。For you to consider and also for you to develop along the way to become a better you and a better self。

Well， I learned that I should be extraordinarily unapologetic for who I am and to broadcast myself authentically and to also take life as it is not to resist it and to move forward and do as I please。

 because life is extraordinarily short and it's a beautiful thing。And for it to be appreciated。

To the fullest extent of what it throws at you， you have to just bask in the moment and just roll with it。

I learned that there。What other people think of you， honestly， is none of your business and that。

In almost no way， shape or form， especially in this day and age。

 Does it mean that you any bodily harm and a lot of the damage and a lot of the emotional。

Trauma that is caused by it is honestly bestowed upon yourself。 So you are your best friend。

 and at the same time， your worst enemy。And if you are your best friend。

 everyone else will come along for the ride。To help and also to enjoy the journey along with you。

I'd like to say that you really can't go wrong with it。

 no matter what your skill level is or what your social skills level is。

 there's really a whole spectrum of people that come into this and it can help you no matter what step you are at。

 it's really something you're not going to find anywhere else。

I really learned how to generate my state from within， how to make it。

 so I'm having a good time in the club before I talk to anybody and how to project that onto other people and make people have a good time being around me without trying to think of anything witty to say。

It's really helped me reevaluate how I judge myself and how I judge other people and really helped me see a big unity in everyone I socialize with。

Stop considering it， just get it， you know， it's everything that it's been made out to be and even more for some people。

Lleearn that acting to my own intentions is the way to go， you know， being who I want to be。And。

Just totally trying to transform and actually succeeding， not just trying。

What I've learned from realsocciial dynamics is that。On a certain level， like you have the process。

But not many reach it， but you have the tools， and this is like the map to reach it。

Wherever you want it， whatever that is for you， like this is the way to go for it。

This program is mind blowing。The future of where this community is heading， at least for now。

 it's the next solution， it's so far ahead of where everybody else is at。Best thing you get。

For this area of your life。AndIt's about just being who you are and not just trying to act like a cool guy or do other things that other people think you're cool。

 just knowing that you yourself are a cool guy this。It's going to come through in either way。He said。

 be yourself。Now， what you do， it's who you are。Just do it。

 This is quite simply put probably the first the last and the only product that you'll ever need to be successful in field Tyler's basically broken down every concept that you need to get into state very quickly regardless of how you feel to consistently produce results and more importantly for a lot of guys out there wondering if they can do this as a seduction community goes more mainstream a lot of the pickup lines are going to get noticed。

 This is a much more natural method and it's pretty much undetectable if you want it to be you can just incorporate things that you do and use them in field。

Probably the biggest thing for me was that your state is mostly coming from within。

 So rather than feeling a need to impress， you can very easily shift into a happiness with who you are and just express that deep。

Desire without attachment， and it just drives women wild。

These guys are the best at selfactualization。 This stuff goes so much beyond everything else in the community because it's not just about getting girls。

 It's about creating a life for yourself that you can be proud of and stepping forward into the world with heart intent。

 going after what you want and getting it。😊，On the surface， it looks like a product about seduction。

 but actually it's about actually pretty much about everything。

 It's really about getting in touch with yourself and expressing yourself and success with women or in your interpersonal life or pretty much in your life as a whole just comes from that seed from that core of confidence that you have So it's really women is really just a symptom。

 but it's not even what you're trying to achieve or youre just trying to achieve self-actualization and that's what this is all about what it is that your core is made up of so that you can understand yourself better and go inside yourself and look at yourself objectively and say this bit works fine already this bit I didn't realize but I think this could do with fixing and you fix yourself up almost like you become a mechanic。

 learning how to work on yourself and make yourself as good as you can be。

 particularly learning how to stay positive and stay in state not just in the field but just inevitably you're gonna to getnox in life when you're trying to accomplish what you want to accomplish and this is all。

About how to keep yourself on the upward path， how to keep yourself motivated。

 focused and doing the things that you need to to get where you want to go。I'd say that。

Substance over style， if you're at a point in your game where you feel you have the tactics and all that sort of thing all down。

 and maybe you've even done the previous RSC programs where you know that being a natural is a thing。

 but you still may wonder to yourself， well how do I do that？

This will fill up that maybe that empty void。 like， you know。

 you see a woman at a club that you want to approach and you know all the。

You know all the data and then whatever we do now， this will help you in that angle。Really。

 what I learned today is being not doing。 It's about not getting gratification from the external and everything you need to know。

 Everything you need to feel is already within you。 And it's not necessarily even about。

Gaiing other knowledge is about taking away， stripping away the layers。

It's going to help me transform my life because it's making me realize that。

Everything in my life is a manifestation of me， women that I find attractive。

People and things that piss me off。 It's all about it's all within me。

 It things that I have to work out on my own。Do it， invest in， invest in yourself。

 invest in your life。 I came here， This is the first thing I've ever seen in this area or experienced。

 came here， kind of found it through a personal development。

 It's something that I'm into and this was profound Tyler is the essence of what he teaches and you just absorb it through not only his words but his energy I came here to get more in tune with with myself with my purpose like just my general approach to life。

 to become more like naturally radiant person in life， naturally like just magnetic person。

 and that's that's exactly what that's exactly what I got。

 that's exactly what I learned and just absorbed from Tyler be who you are meant to be and enjoy。

Enjoy the journey that is your life。 enjoy just。Just。

Everything about just and experience it as a journey， don't keep looking forward。

sStay right in the moment and be like， wow， this is me right now and this is it。

 this is the journey that is life's experience。I would say do it。 That's all I could say is do it。

 And if you do it， you will。You will just be， your brain will be frying because you just you won't know what hit you。

 and it'll be in a good way。It's hard to say like what I learned today because it's like these last four days。

 they all kind of are mashed together and it's kind of like。

I guess the biggest thing is just to be positive and not to beat yourself up over this stuff because it's like you kind of start out and you just be like。

 I have all these things that I have to do and I guess the whole idea of outcome is just so ingrained in us that we have to have this result。

To free ourselves over the result is just it's very liberating and I'm very excited now to kind of move forward with that。

I think it's going to make me a better person。 I think I'm going to be。

 I shouldn't say I think that sounds really weak。 I actually。

 I know I'm going to be a better person because of this and。

It' it's definitely going to push me in ways that I haven't。 I like my job。

 I'm going be doing better。 There's a lot of goals I have。

 And now I just feel like I have to do them now。 and not because I have to but because I want to so。

That's fantastic。It's the most powerful program period， I mean， it transcends I kind of just pick up。

 but it's really even for products， even like personal development， it goes so far beyond。

 even like what other people have done because I've done a lot of seminars and I can just tell you this goes to the essence in a way that nothing else ever has and I've done a lot of programs I won't name names but this is so far beyond with people are used to it opens up a whole different levels of thinking it's also very valuable for women too。

 which I think most people appreciate I mean the context is success with women but also really it's very core issues。

 unbelievable Well I learned is that behind my ego there is there's something far greater and that just by tapping into that being who I really am meant to be who I really am the deepest level。

 just by letting go of all this programming that I have。I can really be。

 I can really have a success I deserve just by simply taking right action and have the success with women or in any other of my life。

 And so it it's a product that really transcends a genre。 So I speak， I learned that。 Well。

 they give some， Well， for example， they get some specific exercises for really getting uns stifled because I know one thing is often of a trouble getting to state and。

They'll be very useful not in all kinds of environments because oftentimes I find myself getting very stifled in enniable access to really creative states and there's some very specific things and also just the awareness that amount extremely thorough notes。

 I took about probably 350 pages of notes and just I can access that and really see things Id forgotten about。

 it just gives me different perspective also just carrying the energy with me。

And being able watching DVDDs， you get you get that energy and you can understand also Tyler's level of compassion is total commitment to this。

 I mean， it just came so through just a wonderful experience。

 And you you get to relive that and really experience some of that by buying the product。You know。

 there's not a lot of things that I recommend， this is absolutely one of them， like。

Ive already feel very changed just from the last four days。

 And when I think about all the concepts that I've learned and then I'm going to integrate throughout the next years of my life。

 I just feel that this is like one of the greatest products that I have ever invested in。😊。

Absolutely recommend。I've been studying selfhelp since I've been about 16。

 and I've been studying pickup for probably the last three， four months。

 and I feel that this program has taken all these concepts that I've had that've been scattered all over the place。

 right， kind of confused， and just brought them together， concepts like value， the role of ego。

 self-esteem， the different types of confidence， those kind of things really struck me。

The biggest thing is。Offering value。And how much that can bring to your life and to the life of other people。

I think that before this program， I didn't quite understand what the concept of offering value was。

And now， it's just clear to me， and。You know， I understand the benefits of it and all that of stuff。

 So， I'm glad about that。Okay， guys， I'm gonna to talk to you guys a little bit about boot camp。

 which is the most premium program that real social dynamics ever puts out。 All right。

 what a boot camp is is a programme where you come out with an instructor， which is basically me。

 my crew。 All right。 And the crew that we have is phenomenal。 And basically， we take you out。

In a very， very small intimate group take you into places。

 all the social gatherings right like nightclubs， cafes， bars， any of that kind of stuff。

 any place where you would be meeting women and essentially we act as your personal wingman now beyond acting as your personal wing man what we basically do is we pull you up to our level and what that means is that look say that you're really nervous to go out right you're nervous to God at all。

Okay， all right， well look， when you go out you have a pro with you。

 so in the same way like you know say that you're going to go do some kind of like you know risky。

You know， extreme sport or something like that。 And you have some kind of guy who takes you through it and makes you feel completely comfortable and at ease with the situation。

 maybe don't feel totally comfortable。 but you know it takes 99% out of it and makes it feel completely natural now beyond that。

 even if you're already good， you already feel really natural what this is a program that's designed to do is to take you to the next level。

 So look if you're a newbie， what it provides for you the really great introduction to the game it pulls you into this and you have a positive experience from the very start。

 A lot of guys say do I need to wait for this do I need to know to get more experiences or whatever to take this No。

 just take it the sooner most people who take it say I wish I would have done it sooner Likewise。

 what if you're intermediate。 that's a no brainer well make this a weekend It's about you getting to that highest level of how you see yourself and lastly。

 this is another question。 sometimes guys that are really， really good， really， really advanced。

 call me and they say what could I really learn from this like what I could really learn for let come on man I'm doing well already。

 Well， here's the best way that I could answer that。Saay that as your job。

 all that you did 50 weekends a year was take guys out and taught this stuff。

 some of them who were maybe total newbies and some of them who were very advanced well off whatever you want to say okay really well connected。

 whatever what this program does is basically think of it like a role play so even if you're coming it's not a point that even if you're really advanced it's not as though you're giving your power away or something like that。

 it's just a roleplay to go with someone whose job this is to teach it and they're gonna show you how to reach an even higher level of mastery than you're already at。

 In fact， especially you know with the real social dynamics program learning from the kind of guys who maybe who you saw in the transformations program and the really awesome instructor staff that we have。

A lot of really advanced guys say， you know what， I got more out of this than I could have ever imagined。

 And the reason why is because the really advanced guys can see the really high level of subtleties that go into these programs。

 Okay now， look， if you followed RSD， here's some of the things that you might have noticed。

You go to our website and you see how that's laid out。 You go to RSD nationation com。

 You look at the quality there， the way that we take care of that。 go to the blog。

 look go to realsials blog spot co look at the quality and the maintenance that goes into that。

 if you've ever ordered a product from real social be foundations transformations。

 the Jeffy show now the blueprint you get that in the mail look at the design work that goes into it look at the quality of the speakers。

 look at the quality of the camera work， everything the way the way that this company is run。

 And I'm the guy is behind pretty much everything is I am a nut case。

 And so what that means is that for me quality control is everything。

 the boot our premium product and it the product that is the driving force behind our entire company So what that means is that the culture around our company is like produce client transformations or get out of here that's the culture I live by that same philosophy and we all live by that same philosophy within our organization in the same way that we have that sort of obsession that total。

With getting total success with women ourselves back in the day。

 we've sort of taken all that sort of pent up energy and transferred it towards a total obsession with being able to produce a real deep identity level changing people as quickly and easily as humanly possible。

 All right now that's not to say that it's an easy weekend。

 It's a weekend that will demand a lot from you in the sense of personal growth， internal growth。

 All right we're going to go to the edge。 This is a weekend that will rock your world。

 but beyond that。Our ultimate job is to really produce that deep identity level change in you now I know what you're thinking you're thinking how can that be done in three days and that's a totally obvious question And if I heard that same thing you know I'd be asking the same thing three days how can you do that look a program is a starting point it's a point that sort of lights the fire that's going rage from there right and look if you take a program and you don't follow up with the work after it then it's a waste of your time and it's a waste of the instructor's time and you have no idea as an instructor what a pet peeve that is but if you promise to continue to go out after the program takes place。

 the results that you can expect from yourself are phenomenal and that's why you've seen countless cases and countless success stories of people for whom this is one of the most lifeshifting weekends in their entire lives。

All right。So how do we do this， Why is it possible to do this within three days Well。

 one of the things you guys hear me talk about in the blueprint is the idea that your mindset or the idea of being present。

 you know being in the moment is very transferable and when you're with somebody who just knows how to just approach anybody knows how to generate traction with basically any girl virtually any situation and you're around that it just feels natural to start doing it one of my main goals on program is that when you're taking it you don't even totally know how you're doing it on that first night it's like I just did all this I don't even know how I did it I just did it and what we do is we have ways of pulling you up that's what we're really about is pulling you up about giving you the kind of feedback that you need like looking at things that you're looking at mistakes that you're making that you don't even realize they're blocking you and little tweaks that can fix that faster than faster than you would really think because really being a cool guy being successful with women。

 it's not always about some super obvious thing it might be something extremely extremely subtle right？

But when you just turn that little knob。Boom， you know you see you see a whole different level of results that ensu from that beyond that to me。

 I think that a lot of this stuff is about having a certain click。

 there's a certain epiphany that takes place all right where at first you're over on this side Okay you're on this side of the fence on this side of the stream。

 you know at the sort of like rookie amateur type level where you know maybe you have a bit of success maybe even think you're a big pimp but you're on that side of the fence Well we need just to create that ultimate epiphany to put you onto this side all right with the people that have the results and get you over to that level and you know none of us are cut from a different clock everybody is capable of these results All right now look。

What this program is about and what we force ourselves to be experts in is to be experts in quick learning communication。

 So what that means is that we have to be communicating with you always in a way where we're modifying things to fit into your model of reality So whenever I'm working with you。

 I'm always looking I'm always looking at you and I'm viewing your learning curve like a funnel like going like that and like that and always getting as much information down your throat basically basically just funneling information down your throat as quickly as humanly possible。

 Why because this is a fourdimensional learning experience。 All right， this is not just a DVD set。

 This is not just a book。 Those things are great to help decode your experience during a boot camp。

 but ultimately this is a program where we're doing it。 This is called cut the shit。

 All right cut the shit shit or get off the pot。 let's go let's get this handled。

 right like you've got to ask yourself am I ready to get this handled。

 That's what the boot camp is all about。 There's no such thing as a magic pill guys。

 there is no possibility that you can just you purchase a skill set。I understand that。

 but you want to know something。Because that has been the expectation that people have had of me for such a long time。

 I've basically spent over half a decade trying to create that result。

 So even though we may not create a magic pill result。

 we probably create a pub as close to that as humanly possible as is possible。

Think of it like like an airplane。 we spin the propeller and send you up up into the sky。

 And then from there， you've got to fly， right， But we're gonna get you up there。

 That's the goal of the three days。Beyond that is just an adventure， you know。

 it's just an exciting thing to do。 I don't think there's a person on the plan that would take a boot camp and not say it was one of the coolest weekends from an entertainment perspective。

 of your entire life。 So for me， what this is about is like a personal journey。

 getting experience and getting to see it because in a lot of ways， just getting to see it。 right。

 I'm not just talking through a videotape， watching it done through a screen。

 But I'm talking about being there because there's something about being there where you can feel what's going on。

 And you just have so much more perspective of what's going on around you when you're really there。😊。

The priceless the feedback that you get is priceless， all right。

 feedback from an expert is priceless， these are people that have seen your problems。

 they know what you're about， you may think that you're a special snowflake will guess what we've seen your issue before I don't care how bizarre okay。

How bizarre it is we've seen it， we will solve it。 All right， put yourself in our hands。

 let us let us take you by the hand， spoon feed you。

 lead you past the smoking wreckage of all the people that try to do this and fail that didn't follow through Let us take you from point A to point B。

 That's what this program is Now what can you expect You show up the first day we lay down expectations。

 lot that has to do with following what your instructor tells you no matter what right we lay down the expectations。

 we take you out， we get you doing it we do it with you we build a foundation of inner game a sort of natural game type thing when we're out there night too。

 build on it even more and by the third day everything is crystallizing and coming together。

 right like I said， this is the most premium program that we have This is what is all about do you guys ever wonder how we come out how we're able to come out with program after program like cutting really cutting right to the core of things epiphanies。

 one after another after another like where's all this coming from it comes from boot camps All right In fact for me。

Personally， one of the reasons why I still teach boot camps a lot of figureheads they don't to teach they don't like to teach their own programs and for a little while。

 maybe a couple months， I got in that rut and I saw what happened to me in the sense that I lost my edge。

 the whole reason why I'm able to come out with the program like the blueprint is because of my experience teaching this stuff is what gets me those epiphanies and abilities to articulate So you even know no matter what。

 no matter how much the whole success with women thing。

No matter how good or you know whatever level of success that I was able to reach， all right。

 you'd think that once you reach a certain level of success， that it becomes boring， you know。

 it becomes repetitious。Believe it or not， right， You know， youre are like， really。

 believe it or not， you know， becomes repetitious。 But the thing is is like。

The teaching side of it has never lost itself to me。 You know。

 that is the thing that I love for me personally， there's no better feeling than after teaching one of these programs。

 just seeing the result that I was able to produce， going home and just relaxing oh wow。

 look what I did in these last three days I love that。

 and that's why I still teach it And I still teach it because it's the backbone of our company All right you know boot camps。

With RSD。We have we have a very specific formula。 You know what that's called。

 It's called a best ratio boot camp。 All right， now， what does that mean when we say the best ratio。

 what that means is a student to instructor a ratio。 Okay， so， for example。

 imagine going out with just me and a whole mess of guys。 Well。

 that's not gonna to be a very effective learning environment， right。

What we have with RSD is never more than a three to one student instructor ratio。

 it's never more than that， oftentimes it's less than that。

 but it's never more than that we find that to be a great number all right。

 the three with one is just a fantastic number creates a fantastic group vibe。

 you make friends there is awesome。And what that allows us to do is wing with you very closely。

 you know， go into social interactions， you're watching up close， you're seeing it。

 you're hearing it， you're experiencing it， you're working with us okay and that ratio to me is why we're able to get this incredible success and produce this awesome transformations。

Beyond that， the RSC program is very intense。We called it a boot camp for a reason。 Okay。

 and that's basically modeled after like the military。 It's like a military style boot camp。

Something I say is that you're gonna to find out how much you suck very quickly on RC bootcm。 Okay。

 you're gonna find that out very quickly because this is not gonna be one of those like spectator boot camps。

 All right， very early on， you're gonna see that， but you're also going to see along with finding how much you suck。

 You're also going to see how high you can go。 You're going to see how easy it is when it's being taught to you in a quick way right。

 you're gonna to see how far you can go in that weekend。 You're going see。

What can happen when you build the kind of momentum that we talk about in a program like the blueprint look。

 you guys see the blueprint and you see us doing exercises like up at the front。

 right having a good time and becoming unstifled。 Well。

 what a boot camp is about is like seeing the stuff done live。 All right， It's live。 It's there。

 It's visceral。 It gets you involved right And the thing is it normalizes it that is got to be the coolest thing。

 All right， it normalizes the process for you So essentially by the time that the boot camp is done。

 you've spent three days。And this is just a normal thing。 It's like， look， I can do that。 Now。

 the last thing that I would say Okay， and that's before we kind of wrap this up is this。 Okay。

 when I wrapped up my skilliel here is that if you take this program。

 you must commit to applying what you learned afterwards。

 because nothing drives me more insane than to see someone who said。

 I got too busy after the program。 You know， great program。 It changed my life。 Really。

 did you follow up after Oh， I got too busy。 All right， I's like。

Okay so you must commit that if you're gonna to take this program。

 you're going to follow up after and you're gonna to do what it takes to make it work all right。

 the best thing I would say is look， there is no magic pill。

 but you are the magic pill right you are your own magic pill so through this experience having by getting to wash it up close see all sorts of different you scenarios that you would ultimately have to like read about and stuff like that you're seeing all these all sorts of different scenarios。

 getting it pounded down your habit， having this information funneled down your throat so fast whether you like it or not。

Basically， we will drag you kicking and screaming over the finish line if we have to。 All right。

 That's really what a boot camp is all about。 They're very intense。 Some people， you know。

 they can melt down on these things， right， and。That's because it's intense。

 but 99% of people that take it all right maybe the couple people that it's just too intense。

 99% of people who take it love it and it is amazing， this is about you。

 this is fun because it's about your skill set and it's about your life。

