# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：02.社会假象_ev【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

How about。Romance。Does romance speed up the dating process these days？😡，Why？

Seets up rules where they they're expecting certain things。 Yes， exactly。

 if you set it up as alooker。For every type of method， there's a twist。

 Like there's some guys will take the romantic approach and take like the more hardcore， like。

 you know， go get in principles。 and then they'll make it work。 So I'm not saying， you know。

 there I know some guys that are like super romantic and they pull girls left and right。

 But generally speaking， most guys see these movies， don't they。

 They see these movies where they think that romance is what's gonna work And it doesn't work。

 All right， How about commonalities， Most guys。What's that romance is like this。

I'm going to go on a day with this girl， I'm going to bring her a big bouquet。Right。

 I just met this girl， but'm gonna to bring her a bouquet， and I'm going to bring her chocolates。

You know， stuff like that， right， look。The romantic approach could work。If。

The girl is wants you so badly that she's intimidated of you， right， She's like。

 does he really like me， You know， he's so amazing。 And then you're like， look。

 I went to the store and got you this stuff because I like you so much。 And she go。

 he really does like me。 Okay， I could do this。 If you're in that level， then sure， right。

 But you guys are here in Los Angeles。😊，You're talking to a hot girl。 And she's like， oh， one second。

 that's my line。 click， hey， Jamie Fox， Hey， Colin Farrell， how are you guys doing， right？

 And they're doing that stuff， Okay， and I'm not even kidding。 If you're living in Hollywood here。

 you're out and you're literally competing with celebrities for girls。

 So the thing is that for the really hot girls。 So look。😊，The romance thing。

 most guys get caught up in that。 How about commonalities， Most guys are like。

 as soon as a girl says something they like， the guy's like， I like that， too。I like that too。

 I like that。Does that mean we have a connection？ Do we have a connection。

 because we like the same thing。Where does that even come from？Who comes up with this stuff？Last one。

 friendship first， I used to try that one。Right， you're gonna creep it under the radars。

 like if I just listen to talk about her problems about this guy that she that she has an issue with someday。

 if I keep saying he's a jerk， I would never treat a woman like that， he has no right。

 and then eventually she'll say I want to go with him because he wouldn't treat me like that。

I've just had the epiphany。 It took me six months to have this epiphany that he's the one We're meant to be together。

 All right， And I used to do that one， too。 Of course， look。Here's， here's a scary fact。 I don't。

 I'm not advocating this guy。 This is just like， this is grown up material guys， Gu。

 this is grown up material here。 So， so trying to get upset。 But if a girl。

 the last five guys that she's dated。Sheheated on her。

What kind of guy would you want to project yourself as to be most likely to attract that girl。I mean。

 I'm not saying to even do that。 I， I， I personally don't even do that because I can't even be fucked to deal with that kind of bullshit。

 But the point is。😡，It's like。The whole friendship first thing。

 if she's going for a different type of guy， then obviously， that's what type of guy she likes。

 If she's dating this guy and he's。Giving her the emotional roller coaster of treating her in some kind of way that she doesn't。

 She's claims to not like。 But meanwhile， she keeps going back and going back and going back and going back。

 Then obviously， that's the behavior that she responds to。 Allright。

 So these are concepts called social conditioning。What is social conditioning。

 where does it come from， where does it come from， guys， give me some examples， the media。😡，Society。

 of course， social condition， Where' does it come from， guys， social condition， parents。

 Where else work， friends， Where else religion， where else。😡，The movies， okay， Where else guys。

Say you dumped your girlfriend， You turn on the radio or say your girlfriend dumps you rather。

 You turn on the radio。 What do you hear。I'm in pain。 I'm in pain。My girl left me， I'm so sad。

 I'm so empty， I'm so confused because love is all that matters。 F is bright man。

 Love is all that matters。啊。Right， that's getting pumped into you。 Okay。

 It is coming at you from all angles， billboards， the television advertising， the media， the radio。

Anywhere you could think of Walt Disney movies， Okay， cosmopolitan。 look anywhere。 Look， you got the。

 look， look at the movie。 It's called basicsic Hollywood Form here。

 You got the girl and the guy and the girl。They hit it off for a bit， and then it falls apart。

And then the girl's going to leave town。She's leaving town。And then the guy goes。She's the one。是。

She's the one。Then he runs right， and she's in the taxi。 and chain to the taxi， Sarah。Sarah。

I know now。 you're the one。You complete me。Okay， she goes really like a。つや。they make out， right。

 And these are look， be it， look， I've gotten nothing against these movies。 I think they're great。

 I'm like， oh man， this's so beautiful， right， I love him as much as everybody。😊，Okay。

 but as it showed。Here was my model of the world。 I'd watch that I go。 That's right。

 that guy stood up。That guy stood up and he went for what he wanted， and。Told his feelings。

I want Sarah so bad。 And I'd be like， so I go in to the girl。 and I go， Sarah， and I'm dudes。

 I have some humiliating stories in my past。 Okay， Sarah， you're the one。 And Sarah's like， oh。

 that's nice。Right。She's like， thanks。I， I really appreciate that， right。

 And she's fucking creeped out。ly creeped out。 Okay， look， I got stories， guys。 Okay。

 I tried a lot of things。 trial and error at the start， it was painful。

 There was one girl who I used to sippy signing class。 If she's watching this video I sorry。 Okay。

 She's a sippy signing class。 Valentine's Day was coming up。

 So I found out her route to school because I noticed her walking on the route to school。

 So I went and got chocolates。😊，And I met her on her route to school。 Okay。

 I was about 2021 of this or about 21。And met her on the route to school。 She comes up。

 I see her coming through the snow。 And I'm like， hey， And she's like， oh， hey。

 what are you doing here， I'm like， don't worry about it， Like trying to be all smooth。

 like don't worry about it， right， So I walk walking and I'm like， hey。

 so I brought you these for Valentine's Day。 I just want to say， I really like you。 And she's like。😊。

Oh， thank you。 Oh， that's so nice of you。 Give me a hug， right， Just kind of bolts。😊，Yeah。

So now it's March break， right， and I'm like， did it work。

 I'm going to find out when I go back to class Okay， all week， I think about I'm like man。

If this works out， my life will be complete。 That's all I want， right， if I。

 if she would just come in my life。I would just be the most grateful person。

 and I will treat her like a princess。And I would just be so complete。 And so I waited all week。

 School comes。 I sit beside her。W doesn't get talked about。 just since there like a stinking。

 steaming turd for the rest of the semester。 It's like it never happened。

 We will never discuss this again。 Alright， that's what happened。 Here's the next one。

 This was even more brutal。So after I realized that wasn't going to pan out。

 you know what I realized， I realized that， look。I never really liked that girl。

 That wasn't my connection。It was this other girl。 She was the connection。How did I not see it？God。

 I was so confused。So anyway， she leaves school， but I know where she works。Okay。She。

 I was going to school in Kingston。 She goes to school in my hometown， Ottawa， right， or sorry。

 she she works in my hometown of Ottawa by coincidence。 And I'm like。

 how much of a coincidence could this be that I found out where she work。

 And she casually mentioned it。 She brought up where she works。

 So she wants me to know where she works， right。I know what this means， this is fate。

 me and the scroll are meant to be together。So I get I make a decision。 She works in office building。

 I'm gonna walk up to her office and say， hi and just say， hey， I remember that you were here。

 I was in the neighborhood。 I thought I'd say hi， Okay， my heart's panic。I like that。改搞诉噶。Okay。

 so sitting there， I go， right， I walk up to your office。 I'm getting ready to go up。 I am terrified。

 I am freaking out， but I'm gonna do it because love demands it。 right， Okay， I'm serious。 Like。

 I'm making this funny， but I'm so serious。 Thank God。She actually， by total luck。

 came down and was walking out of her office right when I was about to go up by total fluke。

 is a really big fluke。😡，So I spot on the street。 I said， hey， what's up。 Oh， hey。

 we should grab lunch next week。 She's like， yeah， okay， like here， let me get your phone number。

 She's like， okay， sure， gives me your phone number。 I'm yes， yes， this is it。 This is fate。

 This is it， right， because I'm living in Hollywood reality。 It's called social conditioning。

 Social conditioning was governing how I thought。 So I go home。 I tell all my friends。😊。

Te all my friends are like，Good luck， man， good luck， man， tell all my friends about it。F。

Call her up， I'm terrified。Terrified， my throat is constricting。 I cannot think。

I tried to call her multiple times。 finally， I said， look， obviously this isn't going away。

 I'm going to do it。 Color up。Set up a date。 She says， yes， bangang。

 I'm going willing to drive from Kingston to Ottawa in order to go take the scroll out。

 Okay two hours。Yeah， right， Okay， so I was willing to do it So then I。So。We set up the date。

 She calls me up later in the week。 I've told everyone about it。 by the way。 They're like， way to go。

 man， way to go。 Okay， she calls me up。 She's like， hey， it's me。 I'm like， hey， what's up。

 She's like， you know， my boyfriend's in town that day。 So I'm not gonna be able to go， right？

 And I'm like。How does this。coincides out with fate。I don't understand， right。

 I couldn't understand that。 So I'm like， I'm thinking about。 I'm like。

 she needs me to rescue her from her boyfriend。 right， What could it mean， right？

 So's like I called her back。 I'm like， you know， I really like you。 We've got to go out。 She's like。

 well， I'm really busy， right。No go， never saw again。Just really oh this is a powerow man。

 I just about to reach out to that girl， look the thing is， okay。So the whole thing is about， okay。

 So So the thing is， look， that's what， what， what would possess me to do these things。

 Where am I getting these ideas from， Where would I learn about how to meet。

 how to really meet girls。How could I have learned You guys have resources now because there's。

 you know， the media is beginning to cover this stuff， but there was no resources。

 My only resource was Hollywood and concepts of social conditioning。All right， that was it。

You want to know it's funny， though？Something called full circle。Right。And in a lot of ways。

If love is here。You come up here。You know， maybe you learn tactics。You learn don't supplicate。😡。

Like don't treat the girl， like don a don't put her up on a pedestal。you learn that。

Then you keep going。You become a player。Keep going。You become a。Natural。And then if you want。

You can do what I did。And you can actually have a loving relationship。I have a great relationship。

Really great relationship。And。It took me a few years and a path to get there。 Allright。

 some of you may want to stay here。I know a lot of guys that just prefer to just do their own thing。

 A lot of guys， I have massive respect for that。 I made at some point， to it again。

 I take my relationship one day at a time。 I never think ahead。 But the point is， look。

In order to get back here。😡，There's a lot of unwiring that has to take place。 Allright。

 There's a lot of unwiring that goes on before you can do that。So。If this is what you want。

You got to be prepared to take a journey most of the time。Not always。

 but most of you guys will have to。All right， what time is it right now？Good question。

Before we do that， though， what's the time， you have a watch， 1115， what time do we start today？945。

 you guys want to do a five minute break。Okay， let's slow it down。 now when we go on this break。

I'm going to teach you guys a trick。It's a very important trick。

Have you guys ever heard of the gray zone？The gray zone。Is on one level。

 you have plugged in working in the zone focused。 On the other hand， you have unplugged and relaxing。

The gray zone is where you're half in one， half in the other。

 You guys might go outside and want to start talking about game and pickup and all this。

Why don't you guys go outside and socialize and just talk about whatever。 Okay， Just chat。

 because you want to know the truth。 That's a lot closer to what pickup really is than talking about tactics。

 isn't it， Plenty of people。Have success with women。

 even in spite of using money and even in spite of looking good and believe it or not。

 even in spite of being romantic， you probably have tons of friends who have met girls by being romantic and through the social circle。

 Social circle is a very， very common way that girls are met。😡，Great， awesome。It's good stuff。

Lots of people have very healthy relationships they met through churches， social circles。

 all sorts of stuff。 They took a long time to meet each other。It's totally fine。

 It's a really beautiful thing。The point that we've covered， though。

 up until now is that there's no cause and effect relationship between those types of things that social conditioning represents and actual attraction。

 All right， there's no cause and effect link。 It's just arbitrary。

 Sometimes girls are attracted to a guy， and he acts really romantic and she lets them get away with it。

 All right， you know， sometimes a girl，Likes the guy。 and he's like， yo， check out my watch。

 And she's like， oh， that's a really nice watch。 And then they wind up hook up。 All right。

 Sometimes that happens。😊，It's fine。But the point is， there's no cause and effect link。

It is not what is sparking the attraction。 It's not that primal attraction。 It's just arbitrary。

 but isn't science a funny thing when we're talking about an empirical science。

 people think that they know what causes attraction and attraction。😡，InIn many ways。

 like religion is one of those areas that people have not wanted to touch for a long time。

 They don't want to touch it。 why， because it is an area that a lot of people aren't comfortable with even just this conversation that we're having over these next four days would offend that a lot of people they would find it difficult to listen to。

 they would find a offensive， even if I'm just expressing my views。

 they're not gonna to be able to say， say they disagree with it， say they say。

 you I don't agree with this guy。 most people who would disagree wouldn't be able to say， well。

 you know what， I just have a different set of opinions。 They're go this is an outrage。

 This is insanity。 All right， because there's an emotional topic like you know politics and things like that。

 All right， like religion， it's emotional topic， most people don't want to touch it。😡。

What I have to say， of course。When someone beat it from the mediaor or whoever would say， well。

 you know， this doesn't work， I go， all right， then。You try。You come up with something here。

 here's a guy， three days， go。Make them get the girls in three days。 Go do it your way。 Try。

 we that not special。 No， then shut the fuck up。 All right， shut the fuck up。 Okay， right。

 because at least I'm trying。 Okay， at least I'm trying something。 and it's even working， so。😡，Look。

There's no causemic effect relationship here。 It's fine。 but most people， they haven't looked at it。

 All right， They haven't really looked at what's causing attraction。Even as a subset of that。

 even people who are looking at what's causing attraction。

 sometimes it create certain assumptions from the foundational perspective and make all these other rules based on those initial assumptions when the initial assumptions were wrong。

 And we talked about that from that very first diagram。 All right。

 So this is a really hard thing to figure out。 In fact。

 I've been very reserved to create a model of attraction for over half a decade because I've always wanted to say openmined as to what's really causing this phenomenon。

 All right， I' wanted to keep my eyes open。 I don't want to get caught up in trying to continually look for validation of my own beliefs all the time。

 know， I want to keep open minded。 You know what， another five years， maybe I'll say， you know。

 I found even a more refined way of doing these things。 I'm always open to it。

 I never want people to hold me to old opinions or old beliefs because you know what， Bel change。

 Now， look。Nonetheless。I think we've got this pretty freaking down now。

 just judging by the kinds of results that we're getting so。Why is the common view wrong？

First of all， girls are wired to go for guys that stand out from the crowd。 Yes or no。 yes。

 of course， women want the guys that stand out。 So whenever an approach gets too popular。

 can it still work。😡，If it's too like is an arguable 1， I like， of course。

 if you're tapping to raw traction， that will never stop working。 But the point is。

 who heres ever been to an like， say like， you know。

 a Greek island or Italy or some kind of environment where beautiful women are so plentiful that they're just everywhere。

 has anyone here ever gone there， Have you noticed that after a while， they just become generic。

We've seen that。 there's so many， you're surrounded by so many beautiful women。

 you're just drowning in it， and they just seem normal。 They're like， oh yeah， she's beautiful。

 she's cute， whatever because it becomes the same old， same old， all right。

People are wired to look for the ones that stand out。 I live in Hawaii。

 and I remember seeing a big group of Japanese girls。And one of them had the blonde hair。

 She had dye her hair blonde。 Where the other ones all look pretty much the same。

 And I noticed that my eyes kept shifting towards the one that had the blonde hair。 right。

 because she stood out from the crowd， even if she wasn't necessarily the prettiest girl。 All right。

 women want guys that stand out。 That's a you know， biological thing and evolutionary thing。

 So if you're doing the same old approach that every other guys doing。

 which is about 95% plus of society， it's not gonna be the one that's gonna most likely work for you。

 Second of all， those types of approaches， generally speaking are ched。

 they are classified as full ched， lame， desperate， needy， weak， beta。 All right， they suck。

 they don't work。 All right， anyone who advocates them again。Here's the guy。 You've got three days。

 Go。 All right， make it work。 Gues what。 you can't。 All right。 now， look。😡，You want to be thinking。

Outside the box with this type of stuff。 what that means is when we're looking at attraction。

 All right， when you're looking at how you think about attraction。

You want to always be thinking for yourself。😡，You don't want to be looking at what society is telling you。

 and you don't even want to look at what I'm telling you。 You want to go out。

 meet women and make your own decisions based on what you think。 Allright。

 what I'm going to tell you。You think about it， you go out， you try it， If it works。

 then you know it works based on your own experience。 If not。

 then it didn't work based on your own experience。 But ultimately， you have to decide for yourself。

 Now， let's get into the first sort of。Thicker area。Of this seminar。Mass confusion。Oh， man。Okay， so。

What century is this？21st century。When we look back at history。

Has there ever been any examples that we could see as people having wrong beliefs about something on a mass level。

 like maybe once or twice。Could it be possible， I mean， just as a thought experiment that maybe。

Maybe even today。We could be wrong about some things。听你。Maybe。Right， maybe we could be wrong now。

Why is it natural to assume that our social beliefs are correct？Look。

Take something as simple as this platform。😡，Which aside from the million dollars in camera equipment。

 that's in this room right now。Just this fucking platform right here。😡。

Do you guys know how to build that platform from scratch？😡，Like， what is this fuzz stuff here。

 Is that called like some kind of fiber。 Can anyone know what that is。

It's a what indoor outdoor carpet， what's it made out of fur？ablyRecycled materials。Right。To I know。

 right， how about this plastic thing？How do they make this？I don't know。

 I don't know how they make that。 How about this laptop。

 Do you guys remember what laptops used to look like。They were huge。

 My first computer was a 486 D X 266。 They wouldn' to have those。Pretty cool。 I could play doom  too。

 like really fast。 I had to grab a ultraulso。 Okay， It was awesome。

 I could play tie fighter at full speed。😊，Xcom UFO defense， anyners in the house， Warcraft。Yeah。

Duke Newcomb。I like that one。 All right， look， you don't know how this stuff is made。 The buildings。

 societies around you， you're immersed in it。And it must have taken some pretty intelligent people to build this stuff。

 right， You must be pretty smart。 How about an airplane。I flew an airplane to get here。😡。

Think about this。 I'm in a seat。 I'm like sitting down， and I look out the window and there's clouds。

 Okay， and the window is like real thin， like donnk， donnk。 okay， and there's clouds， man。Flying。

 this is like there's like Greek myths like you know， Icarus and stuff like that， right about flying。

 you can fly。And it only takes like a couple hundred dollars， you could fly。 all right， we can fly。

 we can drive in cars， people can go to outer space。We can fix diseases and stuff like that。

 You know， this we live in。An incredible， incredible era。

RightYou can have a video phone where you talk to somebody and they're not even in the same room as you and you're looking at them and having a conversation。

 right People will look at this in like 500 years and go， we have the iPhone version X。

 zillion that does a telegram or something， right， a hologram， okay but look。

We live in amazing society， and we don't know how it works， do we。

 We have no clue how most of this stuff is working。

 Those of us that are more educated have maybe a decent idea of how stuff is working。 and still。

 we have no clue how this thing is working。😡，As a result。

 the natural tendency is to give authority to society。 We give them authority。

 We let society dictate our beliefs to us。 We think they're right about all this stuff。

Who here ever studied hypnosis， Anyone know hypnosis， can someone say what pacing and leading is？

Pacing just very quickly and very loud。 What is it Pacing and leading is first。

 you get someone to follow you。 Yeah， and then you begin to lead them and then they。

Then they follow you exactlyly。 It's like if I say to you， you're in the chair。

 you can feel the chair under your ass。 You can， you're thinking yourself。

 did he just say the chair under my ass now you're now you're playing with your pen now you're sitting there。

 And now I'm pacing you， right。 And then I'm showing， and you're going， he's right， He's right。

 He's right。 He's right。 And then you go。Look， he's leading me in these other directions。

 Those must be correct as well。 And then you give up your concept of reality to somebody else。

 All right， that is pacing and leading in hypnosis。 I I don't even know how to do hypnosis。

 by the way。 but I have friends who do。 And I've seen a little bit of it。 So the thing is。嗯。

It's very easy to give up your concepts of reality to society and to get in habit。😡。

Of looking to other people。For how to live。Because it seems to be the right way。

 just because of the way that our society is structured。What mean agreement。Oh， yeah。

So social conditioning， look。Ever since the day that you were born， ever since that day。

 you have been influenced by social conditioning。😡，Ever since the day that you popped out the womb。

 you've had social conditioning coming at you from all angles。 Here is a really important concept。

 So listen up， people are fast learners， even the dumbest person， you know， learns a lot faster。😡。

You would help。Than any other animal， is that true？I think it's true。

 And if it's some kind of nerdbi guy can prove me wrong， the point is。

 it's pretty close to being true。Look。We learn fast。 I mean， we learn fast。

No matter how dumb you might think you are， because I know。I could be a dumb guy， plenty of times。

We still learn extremely， extremely fast。 Allright， so why， why do we learn so fast。

What allows us to do that， What are the mechanisms that allow us to learn so quickly？

This is very important because this mechanism is influencing you all the time。And it is in one level。

 your greatest gift。😡，And on another level， your greatest curse。

 So you need to make it work for you and not against you。

The reason why we learn so quickly is because we learn socially， we are social learners。

 we learn from the people around us。All the time， constantly， we live in a socially created reality。

What that means is that。There's two different ways that you learn。1。

It's going to be a recurring theme。Two ways in which you learn， first is。Firsthand experience。

 The second is learning socially。All right， so look。I want you guys to think about this。😡，Okay。

Did you know？That。If you jump out a window from the 10 story。You'll hurt your ankles a bit。

 but you will live。Did you know that no， I want you to think about this。Dude。

 we're talking social conditioning， okay。All right， you guys are still stuck in the matrix。

Have you ever jumped from say this high， Yeah， maybe a little bit higher。 probably hurts your feet。

 kind of painful， right， Your hurts， but you're still here。 still。 No cast， right， okay。

Have you ever heard of terminal velocity。Yeah， right。 You can only go so fast。

 If you jump out of a 10 story building， you'll hit that same velocity that you hit。 I mean。

 think about it。 If it's only this high， why would it speed up， I mean， gravity is gravity， right。

 It， It doesn't speed up， right， So like when I woke up this morning， I'm on the， you know。

 upper floor here。All my friends are taking the elevator and shit。 And I'm like。

 you gotta be kidding me。 Okay， so I just walked up， got my clothes。Okay， hop out the window。

in my ankles that they heard。But I saved a bit of time。 Okay， right， It's called terminal velocity。

 No， tell me that this doesn't make sense。Think about， no， no， why？😡，Why doesn't it make sense。

 understand gravity， who did you learn gravity from， science teachers， your science teacher， Okay。

 what's that， exactly what you speed up as as time goes on， you're going faster。 How do you know。

 I actually was a science teacher。Get it on of here。 now， All right， Okay。

 But think about where did you learn that from， Did you ever go up like really high and drop something or what do you do。

 No， I learned physics class， We learned in physics class。 Well， this is physics class。 All right。

 this is the Tyler physics class， okay。And what I'm teaching you guys is you're plugged in the matrixtri。

 man， okay。You gotta bend the spoon， man， There is no spoon。 Okay， All right， look。

 when you jump out of a window。 Okay， you jump out， you hit thermal velocity at a certain speed。

 and then you land。 gravityity is gravity。 you really think gravityity is so ridiculous that like it like changes speeds as you go and stuff。

 It's a constant。 and you fall。 you can jump from anywhere。 anywhere you want。 Okay， look。

 let me ask you another question， okay。Have you ever eaten your own poo？不。

Have you I was a baby when you're a baby， Okay， my sister did that。 So now I'm down to。 Allright。

 Okay， so look， parents pulled her waiting for it happen。 But anyway， look， okay。😊，What is， I mean。

 my favorite food。Chocolate。Right？Okay。😊，Think of it this way。 If you eat food， okay。

 you are eating the food。And it's got all these nutrients in it， right。

 Your body cannot absorb all those nutrients。 You're on the run。You're too busy to observe all those。

 Sometimes you do searchs or sometimes。 But most of the time， if you're moving around。

You're not absorbing all those nutrients， right， If you need just like a quick picker upper。Okay。

 and you've got no food on you。You're going to waste all that unprocessed nutrients。

 You're telling me， you're going to waste that。Okay， this is why the world is starving。

 I'll tell you。Okay， right， this is why the world is struggling because people are wasteful and they don't recycle。

 Okay， They think just because they recycle a couple bottles that they're recycling。Allright， look。

Who wants to prove me wrong on this one？Who here？I mean， did anyone try it for themselves？

Did anyone here say that looks chocolatey？I always heard this and that in India。

 you know that if you were an American and you went to India。

 they'd drink your P or H P because you had all those vitamins in it and they flew starving that's what I'm trying to tell you guys okay。

 that's the problem with the West okay， that's the problem with the West right there okay？So， look。

Who here is going prove me wrong， Who here ever tried it。

Unlesss someone here is going to stand up and say they tried it。The lesson for today is。

Jump out the window and eat your own。 You know what。 All right， jump out the window each。

 Think about it， okay。No one here has tried it， nobody。

 no one's going to stand up and say they tried it。All right。Who did you learn？

Not to jump out the window from。Physics teachers， right right， you learn from your mom， probably。

 okay， and TV。😡，Who did you learn from pain， Yeah， because if you jumped a bit， but to velocity。

 it's no worse， okay。It sucks。 Allright， Okay， look， Actually。

 we do have a fellow in here named Kiran who did jump out a window recently and had two broken feet for a little while。

 He was trying to be Jack Bauer， which where did he learn from， social conditioning。 All right， Okay。

 so look。😊，When we have social conditioning， we learn socially， it's a good thing right， people like。

 I hate social conditioning， I hate social conditioning。

 you hate social conditioning if you don't want to jump out the window。😡。

Then you don't hate social conditioning。That's why it's so confusing， isn't it， though。

 Because most social conditioning is good。 Most social conditioning is a good thing。

 Human beings ability to learn socially。 So I just know some people are remember， oh， thank God。

 He wasn't saying that I need to eat my。You know， right， thank God， this was not what I expected。

 All right， so look。Social conditioning is good， mostly， it is mostly good。

 Most of the time social conditioning is your friend。 You can learn quickly。 All right。

 we're social creatures。 We are constantly pinging each other at all times to establish a socially constructed reality。

 We're always doing it。 All the time。 It's one of our greatest strengths of species。

 And we have certain mechanisms in place。😊，All right， now look。Anything that I read to you guys here。

 it sounds really official。 Like the three mechanisms of social conditioning。

 This is just stuff I made up。 Alright， so if you can find some sharper source， do it。 All right。

 these are just my， just my opinions。 Allright， So look。

The three that I kind of thought of while sitting in my house for years and years， one。Okay， look。

We're always learning from everyone else around us。

 processing other people's ideas by turning it to number one， how certain they are of their ideas。

 Okay， how what they are， how what they are。Good， number two。

 how in alignment they are with their own ideas on obvious and subtle levels。

 And we'll go into that later。 And three， the number of other people that also buy into those ideas。

 So as strange as it sounds， your mind is wired to be influenced。😊，By these factors at all times。

 you can't help it。 It is a part of what makes you intelligence。Okay， but there's a downside。

What is the downside。Whenever it passes through these filters。😡，Your unconscious mind tells you。

This must be true。It must be true what I'm seeing here。😡，It must be， because he's certain。

He's totally in alignment with his own ideas。 and other people are sitting around and nodding at him。

 It must be true。And so， here is。The next important concept。Ideas。Listen this carefully。Ideas。

No matter how stupid。Can spread like wildfire。Think of this。Especially these days。Ideas。

 no matter how stupid can spread like wildfire。I want you to repeat this after me。

 So I'm going to say it first， I want you to repeat it。 ideasas。

 no matter how stupid can spread like wildfire。😡，Okay。

 there's actually a hidden reason why I get you to repeat that because this。

Phenomena in human nature has caused countless deaths。Racism。And bullshit。For untold。

Eons and whatever all right since。We've been around that feature。And it's a shame。 Allright。

 people have burned women at the stake， thinking they're witches。嗯。People have wage warn each other。

And there's other more complicated reasons for that， too， but look。Wilodfire。

 let me give another couple examples。Who here has ever heard of ghosts riding the whip。

Ghost ride the whip， ghost ride the whip， ghost ride the whip。Gohot straight in the whip。Okay。

 correct me if I'm wrong。 the jetwa thing。 I don't know。 but okay， ghost riding the web。

 correct me if I'm wrong。 I'm， I'm from Socal。 I think this was a Nocal thing。

Is where you drive your car。And then you put it in some kind of like locked position on the steering wheel。

 and then you hop up on the front of your car。And you're like， " I'm going riding the whip。Okay。

 have we got yaya in here？Yeah， did I get that right， pretty much you ever done it？

I'm so regretting not doing daily。 All right。Okay， look， ghost riding in the whip。

 here's how it works。First， a charismatic rapper comes onto television。

Then he makes a cool sounding song。 Go ride the whip。 ghost ride the whip。 And then guys go。

 Go ride the whip， Yeah， right， and then they go， and they jump on the car Look ghost ride the whip。

 And then the car goes boom， right， And they fly， they crash your car and countless people of like。😊。

Demolish their cars and broken their bones and stuff like that。 trying to go rideide the whip。Now。

 when you think about how dumb ghost riding the width is。Okay， right？Let's think about， on one hand。

 you have like。Mankind。The great species。Albert Einstein， Winston Churchill。Creatures of greatness。

 creativity， innovation。On the other hand， you have ghostrad， the whip， ghostrad， the whip。

 the two sides， all right。Why is that the same creatures that could be that could be capable of you know。

 one side could one side of the coin could also have a different side of the coin。 Well， see， look。

 if you think of those different criteria， certainty being in alignment with it and seeing how many other people how many other people are doing it。

 ghosts riding the whip makes perfect sense。And this is the same reason why you guys know the rapper Nelly。

 you guys ever heard of him。Do you know what this trademark is of this phase？The bandaid， right。

 he goes and he goes and gets he's got a little cut in his face at a concert or something like this guy correct me if I'm wrong at a concert。

 pulls out a bandaid， puts it on。 He goes out Yo， I'm Nelly， right， What happens next the kids go。

Right no， I'm like Nelly。 And that's what we do。 We learn socially。Okay。

 let's go put a bandit on our face。 Great， cool， right， We learn socially。 So the thing is。

 is that people are learning。😊，From those two different sources。

 first experience and the second is socially。If you want to look at the history。Soety。嗯。You know。

 through say the last couple world wars。Look at like McCarthyism。

 which was where people you know were constantly paranoid that other people were communists or something like that。

 or you look at a great example would be the Nazis， okay where they said， you know。

 we're going to create these concentration camps and people go and like，People that actually。

 probably a lot of them are good people， but they're just following orders。

 I'm just following orders。 Everyone else is doing it。 I guess it makes sense。

 And people just follow orders。 Allright， because people are constantly looking at what other people are doing to decide。

 Let me tell you something。I'll give you two examples。Number one。My last year at Queens University。

I lived on Aberdeen Street。And Aberdeen Street is the main part street， Grace Street。

 So out in front of my house。And riot starts。And about 5000 people start smashing bottles， and。

You know， it's Canada。 so our rise got real crazy。 We flipped over one car。All right。

 it was real intense， okay。The students of all people flipping a car，😡。

I remember I walk out into the riot。 Okay， and it's interesting the nature of what what is a riot and how a riot breaks out。

 And I'm walking down the street。 And I've got to be honest， it was hilarious。

 So walking down the street。 and I see this little girl and she just picks up a bottle and like looks a kind of confused。

 and she's like。😊，Like smashes it。And I looked at her and I said， you too。Why， why are you。

 why are you smashing this bottle， she goes。あ。She doesn't know why she smashed it。 right。

 This is like sort of like， you know， like those soccer games where people start fighting， right。

 Everyone just starts fighting guys。W， right？ That's what happens。

 People are looking at what other people are doing。 I was in an earthquake。

 Here's another funny example。 I was an earthquake in Honolulu。 It was a 6。

7 earthquake on the big island。Pretty nice， big， pretty decent size on Oku。

 first earthquake I've ever been in。And I wake up。 It's about 7 in the morning。

 and my lamp above my house is going like that。 And the house is vibrating。 And at first。

 I thought I was dreaming。Okay。It's earthquake。 Oh man， right， grab my passport。

 little can or something。 I run down， I'm on the 12th floor。

And I start running down the stairs down the emergency stairs while the building's rocking， right。

 And it's like pitch black because there's no electricityities。 I'm like。

's like feeling like I'm like a weird dream。 like the building like going， like shaking。

 And I'm like running down these like slice of stairs。 I get to the bottom。Now。

 I'm living oceanfront at this point， directly in front of the ocean。 And I get to the bottom。

 and I'm waiting for the big stampede of people to come running out。

Because what happened in 2004 to the people who lived on the ocean during the earthquake？Tsunami。

 how many died？300，000。That's a lotta， a lot of people when you think there's an earthquake you would run。

 if you live in front of the ocean， you'd run， let me how many people here。

 if you live directly oceanfronter and a 6。7 earthquake would not head for higher ground。

Not a single person's going to put their hand up。 That's interesting。 Well， guess what。

 Not a single person that I saw headed for higher ground。I get to the bottom。 I look around。

 I'm waiting for the big stampede。 Ga cause the earthquake stop。And I'm like。

 where's the big s Petee。 And'm like， nobody's moving， Okay， This is what you see。

 Let me show you what you see。People come out of their house。They go like this。Go back to bed boom。

That's it， that's all they do。Right。Just go right back to bed。

 even though you're oceanfront and you just be in a 6。7 earthquake。 just go right back to bed。Okay。

 why。What would have happened， Here's a funny one。 What if the group of us went there。

 could just teleport through time， went there。 And right at that time。

 when everyone's looking out their house。We just all went like this。あ。

And we all just started running like that。 Okay， What would happen if we did that？

 do and then what would happen。Stamede， right？Right in the whole of town would be converging on Dhead。

 just boom， We going because we would see other people doing it。 That's what happens。 right。

 I remember when in London， I was in London right after terrorist attacks out there whenever and you'd be on the tube and people will stop they'll stop the train they're like。

 oh， there's like a you know， a paper bag here and we need to get everyone off and people like go。

Like that。 and then people start running up the stairs。

 people are typically looking to learn socially。 they're looking around to see who they could learn off of。

 by the way， do you remember how I said I just want to give a little preview here。

 Do you guys remember how I said that a lot of these pieces are going to click in the following days？

😡，How would a piece like this click in terms of being extremely successful with women。

 Any thoughts or previews on that， Yeah， one thing is like over like female like teasing female side。

 So that way the other members of the group like two It the person who is going more off of。This。

Thenhan this。That gets the girls。 All right， but we'll talk more about that later。日本 talent。欧洋 yeah。

Yeah， I think that it just relates to like if you act like a man。番ぐはね。

At the whole fucking room would thank you full assume and that youre man。スペースは？Absolutely。

 do you guys remember how I started this by saying most world walks your life in a walking days。Well。

 that's where this sort of piece is together。 All right。

 this is why even a guy that's not that good looking by learning these principles can be。

Scarily successful with women if he gets the sub down。Anyway， look。Everything from propaganda。

 superstition， prejudice， smear campaigns， idealization， myths。

 it all comes down to the same human reasoning， which goes like this。😡，It must be true。

 I can feel it。I can just feel it。 It's true。 It just makes sense。 Really， why does it make sense。

I don't need to get a logical， I can just feel it。Oh， yeah。 Okay。

 You don't need to get a logical grade so you can feel it。Great reasoning。 It's a good way to think。

 You can feel it。高 humanityity。Go humans。Great way of thinking。You can feel it。I can feel it is true。

 right， ask people who like to read to say horoscopes， why do you believe horocopes， it's true。

 why because it's a science really have you ever looked up the science？It's just true。

 I could feel it。But that's human beings， very superstitious creatures。All right。Look。Society。

When you had。Certain beliefs， and society has many beliefs。

And you've been building on those beliefs for years and years and finding new evidence to reinforce those beliefs for years and years because you guys should understand that when you have a belief。

The way that your mind is set up is to continually look for evidence to support that belief。

 When you tell somebody that their belief is mistaken， they're gonna be a little peeved。 Allright。

 they're gonna be they're not gonna take it so good。 Allright， they're not gonna take it good。

Typically， so look。We've been， we have a lot of beliefs。

 and we've been building on these beliefs for years and years and years， and。

In terms of your interaction with society。You've got appreciated。Okay， you really do， I mean。

You've got to appreciate all the opportunity that you've been offered because as a result of society。

 you're able to live a life which has time for leisure。There's a lot of modern medicine that。

 you know， while on one hand can cause problems， on the other hand can save you when you're in a really tight bind。

 You know，' there's so many things that you take for granted。

 Like most of us here have not had like multiple siblings that died in miscarriages。 You know。

 Most of us， some of us have。 Most of us here have not had multiple siblings that died from like the chickenpox or something。

 you know， or know， I guess maybe that was that a fatal one that chickenpox。

 What were of the ones that used to get you back in the smallpox。 What else would get you。

 That's like a joke now， What's that。Po， who here has a friend that died of polio， right。

 I was just in a leper colony in Hawaii， in Molaai。

And and just to see the pictures of the people that are that are dying from leprosy and their faces get like huge and stuff like that。

 And like they didn't even know what to do with them。 So they just put them in this colony。

 And now leprosy is pretty much cured， right， we live in a society with leisure abilities。

 We live in a society that has more knowledge。 We live in a society that can have self-development and selfdevelopment seminar is which I happen to like。

 You know， anything like that。 So look， airplanes， How awesome， right。

 that we live in a society where like you guys ever see these people at the airport that are bitching and whining that the airplane is three hours late。

How long did your grandparents take to get to America on their boats。Okay， six weeks。

 and like a third of the crew is dead。Right。This is just a nightmare， a nightmare， right。

 I have been here for two hours， okay。He's a nightmare， right？You know。

 people I I was in London and on the cover of the on the cover of the newspaper。

 the like Virgin airlineline nightmare， passengers had to wait there for three hours or maybe like five hours while not getting to eat or drink。

 It's a nightmare。 Okay， come on。Look， unless living in modern society， Let's be real。

 Let's talk real。 Okay， let's be real here。 unless you have a health crisis or someone in your family has a health crisis。

 you don't have a problem。 You have no problems。 Okay， It's mind madeade。 Allright。

 Everything's taken care of。People have sweat。 People have even died to give you what you have。

Alright， people to give you， just to get you。The information systems that can confuse you with social conditioning。

A lot of people have had to work to get those， and most of them are good because most of the social conditioning is good。

 So society has to be something that is appreciated。Simultaneously。

Your interaction with society is also holding you back if you don't understand it。

 so you have to appreciate it。 You have to take it for what it is， but at the same time。

 you have to learn to distinguish what's real from what's fake。

 You have to learn how to look at things with your own fresh set of eyes and make your own decisions and not look to other people to tell you how to think or to tell you how to act。

😡，And let me tell you， when you can become a person like that。Your success of women is going to just。

Pretty much be out of control， right， But anyway， look， that's kind of a preview look。Society。

For all its strengths。And for all the things that we need to appreciate also has weaknesses。

And the weaknesses that it has are also a really， really big problem。 Okay。

 we don't even need to get into environmental problems and what we're doing to the environment。

 But aside from that， what is it doing to you， Let's talk selfish。

Let's talk what we really care about ourselves。 What does it do to you？For one thing。

 it teaches you to look at the surface of things and not the depth。

It gets you addicted to never ending stimulation。Guess you addicted to looking at other people to think for you。

It gives you certain beliefs that because so many other people believe them will feel so real that you could distinguish them from what's false。

 even if every piece of your own common sense is telling you that you shouldn't believe it。

It will still be an overwhelming force。So， look。If the stuff that we talked about is wrong， if looks。

This is not what gets girls。Really looks don't girls。 What if money isn't what's getting girls。

If it's not。You know， trying to become her best friend。What is it。What is getting girls。

 We could talk about that a long time， couldn't we， and we could really boil that down。

But when I really boil it down and we get like we go real deep， right。

 like we want to get real kind of nerdy， right， we want to get real nerd like here and go really。

 really deep beneath the surface。 Okay， really to the root of it all。

 What in my personal opinion is the cause of attraction。

 And this goes for both men and women is one thing。They were。No， value， okay？Okay， it's value guys。

 It is， right， It's value。And what constitute value for a man is different than what constitutes value for a woman。

So what is value？Val。What is value， Val is anything that can help you to survive and to help your kids to survive。

 It's anything that A helps you survive。 B helps you have more kids and C has characteristics that those kids would survive beyond that。

😡，It's anything that gives you good emotions because we human beings do not always know what is actually going to help us。

 align line a coke to a cokehead See like it has value， doesn't it， because he thinks it has value。

 In reality， it really doesn't have any value at all。 So look。😡，Value。

 anything that helps you to survive， anything that helps you to have kids and that those kids will survive。

 Anything that gives you good emotions。 That's when you boil it down。 There's， of course。

 the countless myriad of。Layers on top of that。😡，Ay， I Boby。 Look at that。 Think about it。 Val。

 value is like a magnet。Think about that。What is value。What is value， guys， What's it like。ないないでて。

Notice how most people don't respond and they go， let's see what other people will say。

 even though he just said as a magnet， let's see what the other people will say。Okay， sure。

 that is like a magnet。Why， when you're sitting there at your table and you're about to eat。

And then a nice plate of food walks by。 Your buddy's engaging you in interesting conversation。

 Where's your focus go， food， like that。 Let's say that you're talking to your friend and attractive woman walks by。

 Where's the focus go。Okay。Oh， sorry， Oh， sorry。 Allright。 That's called value。

 We are designed to be drawn towards value。 That's our makeup。

 We are drawn towards any kind of value。ItsM。 This is what causes attraction。 Alright。

 when you know how to communicate value， so。We're drawn towards value。

 Value is anything that can help you survive， anything can help your kids survive and anything that gives you good emotions because。

 of course。What gave us good emotions？It back in the day。As a caveman。

What's more important to think short term or long term。Short term。

How many years of human beings being cavemen versus living in Mar society，000 billion。

500200000 cave men。 And how about before we became like the species that like the current incarnation of humans。

 How many more millions of years，3 million is it。Is it three？3， whatever。It's a lot。 How about that。

 And we've been in modern society for 500 years。 What kind of thinking is good now these days。

Is modern society built on short term thinking or long term thinking， Well some short term。

 that's called advertising。Long term thinking。 All right。

 did this building get built thinking short term， We need a place to stay。Hmm，Carboard box。

Giant massive hotel boom， Okay， long term thinking。 Allright， But， of course。

 most of us are wired to think of value as short term thinking。 We eat overaturated foods。

 We procrastinate。 We have faulty belief systems that make us feel good。

 All sorts of great stuff like that。 Take drugs， drink alcohol， believe in convenient falsehoods。

 Anything that triggers good emotions。 But for the most part。

 our system is wired to go towards value。 Now。😊，What's the quest？

What is the quest that most people are on。Day to day。

 the quest that we all have pleasure pleasure food， say feel good， exactly， right。

 What makes us feel good， Well， for sure， one thing， cultivate more value， isn't it。

 We all want to cultivate more value。 That's what advertising is based off of everyone wants to cultivate that。

 So want to cultivate more value for ourselves， As guys， we want to meet girls， What do we do。

 Go get the good job， Go get the good clothes， You know， go get the nice house。😊，Go to the gym。

 whatever it is。Build value for yourself。 All right， that's the motivation that most guys have。😡，Now。

 here's where it gets interesting value。For a guy is not the same as what it is for a girl。

 now is it？Is it because for most guys， let's think short term。

 Let's not think long term in the long term， is it best to go for like for a girlfriend or the mother of your children。

 Is it best to just get the hottest girl that you can get No， no。Right。

 like let's go out to the latest Brent Bhouse Club and find the most plastic girl that we can find to be the mother of our children It's a fucking genius idea right。

 okay but the thing is in the short term， what is value for guys in that short term instant gratification。

In a woman。Sex， sure， and what's he looking for， physical attractiveness looks。

What kind of features does she have？Skinny， which represents what， what does skinny represent， 0。

7 hip breast ratio， what does skinny this represent？Youth， right， That's why。

 what does and it could be healthy。 Yeah， what does large。

 what does the girl La breasts representil fertility， right。

 And also some scientists believe that if she has large breasts and still perky。

 that's a stronger sign that she's young。 regardless， we like fertility。

 We like those characteristics looks。Now if you think about it。😡，In a man。

 what is a woman looking for？Well， look， think about it this way。 Here's， Okay。

 You want to know this like weird epiphany that I had。 And it was this。

 it was an epiphany that maybe to you guys will not mean that much。 But to me。

 this was like just this one little idea changed a lot for me。Does a cave man。

Know what he looks like。错了。love this so。あ。I mean， he could see what in the pupils。

 maybe like look real clothes sea in water。 How well can you see yourself in water？A littlettle bit。

 Have a pple。Pmple， right， I have a pmple。 Okay， then the cave man thinks that。

ple Ka man thinks I need to eat， all right。So。Kay man wouldn't really know how he looks with he and。

Do you know how hard it would have been to survive back in the day。Do you know。

 like the death rate of human beings before like in the cave mandates， Look， I don't know any， look。

 I'm not claim to be a scientist here。 This is just common sense。

 if youve watched National Geographic for half an hour， you know the， you know， social learning。

 you know the answers to this stuff back in the day， survival was really hard and so。😊，For a woman。

What qualities is she going to look for in a man， Is she like， I just need the， you know。

 the nicely sculpted man， right？ I mean， that might help a little bit。 But for the most part。

 she's looking for decisiveness。Resourcefulness。Dominance。Fearlessness。

A guy who dictates reality and does not have reality dictated to him。All right， sure。

 she wants that because those are the more important qualities。

 those qualities are going to be a lot more important than anything else。😡。

And this is why throughout history， we have leaders that like how tall was Napoleon？How tall，5，3。

 right， He was a little ramnctious little man who hear's me to Paris。Yeah。

 you guys to see all the ends all over， the ends all over the bridges， amazing， amazing city。

 and look。Those qualities that we admire than that women admire in a man。

Have nothing to do with looking in the mirror。 All right， has nothing to do with that。

 What it has to do with and even take money。Money is still social conditioning。

Because that kind of form of currency it's still social conditioning。

What a woman is responding to on a raw， like primal level。We want to get really beneath the surface。

 what is she responding to， she's responding to that resourcefulness， that decisiveness。😡。

In other words， let's break it down into layman's terms。 All right， layman's terms。

 If you walk up to a woman and your heart's going， okay， let alone trying to kill an animal。 Okay。

 and you're just walking up to a woman and your heart's going。😡，Like that， right。 And you're like。

AOkay。How much value does that have？That has none。That's called negative value， okay。

What's the word we use for guys to do that， Chode， all right， that's Chodi behavior。

Chodi and valueless。😡，Oh， man。How about a guy that walks up confident， resourceful looking。

 He's got that beaming smile in his face。 right？ That's the guy that's gonna be far more attractive。

 Okay， remember that。 Kate man didn't have a mirror。 You don't need one either。😊，All right， I didn。

 you know？I don't even really get myself too concerned about that stuff。😡。

What constitute value for a guy is very different than what constitutes a value for a girl。

Especially when we're going to talk about money， you want to know why。Take a girl here in Hollywood。

 Does she need to have sex with a guy in order to use him for all his money。

You guys ever heard of orbiter？Or a male groupee or a sponsor。Allan， okay， nail groupy。

Out of you guys here who have dated attractive women。

 How many of you who have dated attractive women or even a regular。Normal， nice girl。

Found that she had a multitude of men that took care of a lot of different things for her。Yeah。

 right， she's got the driverman。Okay，The guy that takes drop for nice dinners， right， she takes。

 we're friends。 He likes to buy me dinner。 He likes it。Right， yeah， right。 Okay。

 I'm sure he buys dinner for all his friends and the guys in his life， too。 Okay。

 but that's called the sponsor， the groupy， the Orer。 Most girls have orbiters。

 They don't need a guy with money。A lot of girls living in nice city have parents that take good care of them。

 don't they， These girls don't need a rich guy。 They have jobs。 Guess what。

 Women are allowed to get jobs now， the， right， okay。

 something called the World Wars happened and women became allowed to vote and were allowed to get jobs。

Suddenly， being a provider is not all that appealing anymore。 A woman doesn't need it。

 She doesn't need a guy to take care of her。 Sure， you've got a subset of women who do。

 and they respond to that， but most don't。 So most of the things that guys are doing。

 and that you guys might have done your life， including me to build value for yourselves will not work。

 Okay， I did all that。 I took that route。 When my girlfriend dump me。 I started going to the gym。

 I got， I bought a house。 I owned a house at 21 years old。 I got a car。 Allright。

 I worked incredibly hard。 got into a great school。 I got a $2000 watch。Okay， I had all that stuff。

 You know， it was funny。 When I started approaching five girls a day。 A lot of the time。

 I'd be getting a nice response until I started talking about that stuff。

 And they would immediately get turned off。 But what I believe it， no。

 I wouldn't believe it because I'd be like， no， this is impossible。

 She couldn't be getting turned off。 I know that this stuff works。 I've worked so hard to get it。

 It just something else。 must be something else that I did wrong。 Maybe I wasn't， you know。

 enough of a gentleman or something。 That's what I was thinking。What they want to say。

 one of the reasons I'm here is because whenever I read artist we can action go the prior ideas as it consistently worked。

 and I would say， this is bullshit， this is not going to go work。

that was thing they kept over very counterintuitiveh who is your instructor。

 who was your instructor on the weekend？嗯。I've never done weekend。 Oh， so what happens。 So then， oh。

 you tried the ideas。 You read about it。 Okay， Yeah， you go and you try and it works。 Yeah。

 grocery Oh really Okay， okay， we'll edit that。 Allright， So basically。😊。

