# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：18.寻找真我【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

How do we cross the indifference threshold quickly， Okay， So that's what we want to ask ourselves。

 We want to go out。 We want to get these reference experiences so we can internalize this new sense of reality。

 We want to get the reference experiences。 How do we get unstifled quickly。

 And this is going to come down to how I was able to get the really high consistency。

 Here's what we did。First of all， I want to stress this when we came up with this stuff。

We're just random silly dudes that come up with the stuff in our spare time。

 So this is not like the official way of doing anything。

 This is just some silly nonsense that we came up with in our own time。 Allright。

 so you want to cross that in different threshold。 Now。

 the first thing that I want you to notice is this。

You know how when you're not in the mood to do a math problem， you just don't feel like doing it。

 you want to quickly shift your state。😡，As fast as possible into wanting to do it。 So， for example。

 look， if I were to ask you guys， would you guys all like to you know。

 be feeling great and all that kind of stuff now， all of you want to， would you agree， Okay。

 all of you want to be feeling great。 But see， you say that。But in truth。

You probably are happy right where you are。😡，You know， if you're sitting there， look。

 if you're sitting there chilling out with your buddy and there's a group of girls over there。

 of course you want to go and chat them and be silly and fun and do all that stuff。

 but you're okay where you are。 Have you guys ever heard the principle Is it called the principle inertia。

 What is it you yell that out you yell that out Because this is the course on that。😡，Yeah。

 all is in motion， say in motion and if they're still they stay still unless what active on di So what he said for cheap seats？

An object emotion stays emotion。 and an object at rest will stay at rest unless acted upon by an outside force。

 So when you're sitting there with your body， just drinking， you know。

 just sitting there chilling out。 And there's some girls you want to go talk to。

 you don't have any momentum， right， So you need to be the outside force。

 You remember how I said you are not your mind。Your mind may be like， no， dude， just chill。

 just chill， bro。 You could bro， tons of girls， get a later bro， and you're like， no bro， okay。

 we're not gonna to chill now bro， we're gonna move。 So okay， so what you do。😡，What's that， Okay。

 so what you do。Is you've got to act on it， right？ So even me right now sitting up here in front of the crowd。

 I'm not necessarily totally in the mood to just start being silly。

 But what I can do is I can act upon myself as like similar to like an outside force。 Okay。

 I can do that to myself to get myself going。 Allright， so why don't I bring you up here。 Okay。

 You can be lucky one this time。 Allright， now you can see even as I brought you up here。

 show them the facial expression that you just did right now。He went like this。

 okay zoom up on my face， he was like。Like that。 All right， I't have to sing。

 You don't wantna have to sing。 Okay right so remember what we talked about。 We said， you know。

 you want to be silly。 You want to be having fun， but you're chilling， right。

 you're okay in your see。 it was all good man， right So so you're not totally in the mood to be doing that right So we need to do is he's in this kind know。

 he doesn' I need to be the outside force here。 All right， So I need to get him unstifled。 All right。

 So I come over here。 All right， so the first game that we could play we call the imitation game。

 And remember that to unstifle yourself。 The main goal is to do something that you would think okay。

 here's here's the criteria basically， it's something that's out of character。

 like it's something that quote unquote isn't really you。

 that's the first criteria And the second criteria is to expand out the sort of energy time and space that you're sort of taking up。

 have you guys ever heard the idea that the principle that one of the number one driving forces in human psychology is to be consistent to what you perceive。

😊，As being your identity， anyone ever heard that because when we when we have that certain identity。

 like， look， I found out that when I act like this and I have this type of personality。

 I get acceptance from the group。 Think of the group like a big puzzle。 right。

 If you have carved out a certain puzzle shape， a certain piece of the puzzle and it fits into the group Well。

 you don't want to change the piece of the puzzle and it doesn't fit into the status quo properly。

 All right， So we're always trying to be congruent。 That's why as guys。

 we're more likely to go get a fist fight We you're getting knocked in the face。

 You're knock in a guy back than you are to go addressing a tutu。Why， because one， you're like。

 I like22s。 But the thing is， is。Okay， most guys。Why will they get in the fight。

 Because that's congruent to their tough guy identity。 That's manly。

 But they don't want to do something that's humiliating。 You know。

 what's interesting about this game。 Does this game really involve more being manly at first as a newbie or does involve more like humiliation a lot of the time right that's what a lot of it is。

 So that's kind of a funny thing。 Now， look， So you're sitting here you're like。

 oh God now he's coming back to me。 he's coming back。 I'm gonna have to do this。

 So what we quickly want to do in the same way that you might feel now is also how you might feel in front of a nightclub。

 say I mean， you're from Los Angeles， right， So Vegas， Okay， sweet， you like to go to purer。

 whatever。 Okay， so you got you're in Vegas， and you've got all these superhawk girls many as who are escorts in Vegas。

 But know， they seem to be hot right， and not problem there So basically。😊，You。

You want to unstifle yourself right， So same way that now you're just chill you want to unstifle yourself。

 Okay All right， so look， the first thing we do is called the imitation game。

 And what that's designed to do is to get you to take on a behavior that's different from what you normally are。

 So， for example， I'm going to ask you to imitate something you have to show it to me。 Okay。

 All right， the first I'm going to ask you to do and just come about random stuff。

 I'm going ask you to imitate a lion。😊，Yeah。No， no， no， don't no， no， No encouragement。 Okay。

 don't let them get acceptance because the club， the club is not gonna be like do it， do it， right。

 The club is gonna be like，y， the club is gonna be like， the club will be like this。 Okay， okay。

 just keep like a club。 right， It's like that's the club is like， what this is a lion right， Okay。

 All right，か。Roar， how how bad did that suck？Okay， all right， so look， okay。

 so so what we're trying to do， the reason why you're doing that is psychological。

 It means you're healthy。 The fact that you're not like that's healthy。 That's normal。

 iss called your mind is working properly。 You can read social cues。 It's odd to act like a lion。

 It's weird All right， So you're healthy。 So the thing is， though。

 is that being a champion sometimes involves imposing your reality on other people and not giving a damn。

 So look， you can ask me to be something and we're gonna build this And I'm gonna just be as stupid and out of my own character humanly possible。

 just give me some random nonsense。 And we go back and forth until we and look。

 when you start your imitations will kind of suck。 But then as you build them up。

 you get more and more uncied。 So I'm gonna right now。

 I'm like I'm like thinking what's this guy gonna give me man。 All right， So here go ahead crodile。

 a crocodile。 All right，Okay， all right， okay， I'm going to give you a toaster。Okay， okay。Joode。

 better。 do it better。 Come on， sounds， animation。 Okay， hands up。No， no， no， no I just listen to me。

 Okay， do like an like full explosion of toaster。 Like you're a waffle。 Okay， like， okay。

 like a full like a cheerleader would do it。 Allright， okay， like allright。😊，Okay， okay， give me one。

あ？Rooster， a rooster。I don't even know what I'm being right now， okay？Okay。All right， okay。

 all right。 Okay， I'm going to give you a rhinoceros。嗯。 okay， give me it even better。 Okay。

 more down， more into it。 T right， Oh Yeah， same rhinoceros。 Okay， come on， Okay， all right。

 give me one。😊，AT rack， a tea racks。아。All right， okay， I'll give you a whirlwind a twister tornado。哎。

Okay， give me one。I think anything， whale， a whale。

What does sounds the whale make Oh well what is it？😊，Okay。Okay， all right， give a cow。Come on louder。

 give it noise， echo your voice。You see the side， Did you guys see it， The first move unciled。

 The second move is stifled， right， Run up and down the thing here like a cow。 Do it。All right。い。

All right， okay， give me another one， give me like whatever。Okay， come up， You can do with us。

 Okay all right， he'll probably be me all right， Okay Okay， okay， all right， okay， all right。

 give okay， back and forth，😊，You too， don't look to me， You too。No， it's not cool anymore。 No do。

 come on。 See， look， No， but you see it。 Look。 In't this like a boot camp， right。

 when the instructor is all in there。 It's right， But then the guys are on their own。

 likes instructor， all right。 So look， before we even start。

 what are some common ass of what I'm doing， I'm yelling a lot， right， Y more。

 Why because you're infringing on people's airspace when you do that。

 I know it sounds bad but to unstifle yourself， You have to do that， The other thing in your body。

 you have to show whatever and get out of character， get out of character， because then look。

 what is stifling you， It's that， remember I made you laugh at your ideal pimp self Look what do most guys in the club do。

 It's all like。Right， they're trying to be that pi。 So you want to quickly break out of that。

 Allright， quickly， you want to， look， if you want to get real。

 you want to get real consistent the club， right， you want to get real consistent club。

 you guys want to get real consistent in the club。 All right， So look。

 what you gotta do is when you get out there。 What's the main thing that's blocking you。

 Is that stifling。 isn't it right， You're stifled。 So you want to quickly unstifle And when I started doing this every 5 to 10 minutes。

 damn， Okay， that's I'd say is who， damn， All right。

 the buddy that I was out with was at an intermediate level。 He's my good friend oldgi。 All right。

 and he was making out with like perfect 10 girls and stuff left and right， like just boom。

 boom when we started to do this。 So look， Sam game it's called the imitation game。 All right， go。

You got to yell， you got to make it big， pump the crowd out， guys。All right right。

N noises like make like like use your lungs。 Like that's a great sound effect。

 That's better than I could have come up with。 get shit sound Yeah， like， oh that's a great sound。

 But you know， here's the thing， right， even though you're making that sound。

 you're not infring on other people's airspace。's not on sts Yes， Yeah。

 like knows how a lot of the im that I did weren't really that accurate， right。

 we're just using it for inspiration。 Okay， you can just exaggerate it。

 Make it the cartoon retarded version。 go ahead。😊，예뻐。Make loud noise and shit。More， give it more。

 pump the crowd up， own the crowd， keep pumping。More you need look the energy is still there you know you know where he is right now I he teetering you guys almost feel the urgesha clap。

 but you're teetering right， you're teetering， push them over the edge， Okay。

 like start do whatever you got， you know， like in break dancing when the crowd just goes nuts。😡。

Teter over that edge。 P yourself over your edge to complete uns stifling。Go。二。Tering， almost there。

 You know why you got to run around more。 Okay， more engaged， show that phone cycling。

 You want to try What Anything， dude， give one。 Theres something dude。 right， be like。

Im going to say elephant， be an elephant that's your。W。Stifled or uns stifled guys。 Okay。

 this is great。 Thank God。 We have some samples of stifling。

 right so thing But isn't it interesting that this is like a new channel of communication that you can be aware of both in other people and in yourself。

 All right that's the interesting side of it。 So in a lot of ways。

 in any kind of presentation or whether it's I use the break dancing as an example when the crowd goes nuts is when there's that total uns stifling。

 You want to know why that is because we're all confined by our egos aren't we and we all hate it。

 And when someone can get uns stifled， you can lead a crowd into being uns stifled right And that's why when you can un stifled quickly with women and you walk up total un stifled boom。

 we introduce yourself。 she's just like， whoa， whoa， right， that's why I love this naturalness。

 And by the way， you see guys that are trained off of pickup lines right they're getting trained off pickup lines first。

 So they're all stifled and they're trying to use an entertaining pickup line to hold attention in spite of being stifled。

 It's like a bandaid over a gaping。😊，Wound right when in reality， if you just got uns stifled。

 you could get the set open with any type of thing that you have to say， right， So look。

We're all here。 We're kind like， look， I deliberately allow us to become stifled again。

 We were un stifled before， right， And now we're stifled again， right。

 This is a lot what the nightclub is like。 This is why the nightclub has that。 like。

 these guys feel it。 It's like。😊，Youus feel that。 Okay， So we've allowed it to die down。 Well。

 in a nightclub where you're intimidated。That's gonna happen。 All right。

 that kind of thing is gonna happen。 Now， let me tell you something else that I saw on one night。

 I was at this club。 I think it was called area。 So that's so hot in La now or is that like gone now。

 it's now okay， all right， well when I was there before， it was like the shit， right。

 And I see this group of male models that resembled the zoolander squad at the start that all got lit fire by gasoline right Yeah yeah yeah。

 So they look like that right， and whatever they were just having fun。 But at one point。

 they took over the whole club。 You want how they did it。

 they started clapping and jumping up and down And what they did was they pushed their energy so far out that they took over the whole club。

 Allright， and I knew at that point， I'm like I'm done I'm like， I just chill， just enjoy it。

 you know， because I'm not doing anything right now。 All right， so I just chilled。

 now so what they did， I'll show you how they did it。 Okay。

 how they took over the energy of the whole area。 And I later did this on a boot camp。

 and it was amazing。 All right because I saw it And I was like I want to do that。 Okay。

 So do it with me right now。 we're gonna we have to unsci Are you feeling yourself being judged。😊。

Do you guys feel judged， You don't。 nice。 Okay， do you feel judged a bit， I feel a bit judged。

 because I'm like， in my mind right now， I'm like， I hope this。Works， okay， right。

 little bit little bit。 Okay， So what we gotta do is we have to get totally uns stifled。 Allright。

 so this is what they did。 They're on the dance floor。 And the four guys， right。

 when do you think that four guys cannot be having fun like girls because they're guys。

 And that's kind of homootic， know， right， but they were able to like they were able to do it， right。

 So here's what they did。 Okay， So basically， they started clapping like this。

 And then they start jumping them now。 So follow， I want you three guys to follow me here and you need to get un stifled with me。

 Okay， and look， we're all on this together， All right， and look。

 is the way that you feel now similar to how you feel in a hot club a little bit。

 Yeah See the similarities。 The judgment， right， So we want to quickly。 Now， what should we do now。

 I know in this state， we'll just start approaching。😊，Right。W getting blown out。 right。 So instead。

 what we do is we pre uns stifle。 Allright， And that's what I started doing。

 That's how my consistency went up。 So， look， we'll start。 okay， first， you guys are gonna follow me。

 Okay， Okay， gonna Gary go like this。 Go like this。 Allright， now go like this。😊，Okay， wait。

 then this is sucking so bad。 Allright， Okay， same time， okay。Like this， and then go。Let they go。

 yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes， yes。Yes。Yes， yes。Yes， yes， yes。

 yes。やだ。はい。Okay， all right。 okay， can we have a seat， Give a hand， guys。So。All right。

 So that's what they did。 I saw those guys doing that。 And it was amazing， because they had。😊。

We need to do some cardio。 All right， what they had。Was what Tim would call。Lordship。All right。

 they were the Lords。So。I saw that on a Thursday， it was actually before the transformation super conference。

And。We did the transformations conference。And on Sunday， we had a boot camp。Now。

 one of the gentlemen taking a boot camp was about 55 years old。

And he had shown up wearing a yellow cardigan。Now that's fine。 however。

 the club that we had to go to that night was an 18 plus golf club。Okay。Right。I'm not kidding。

 So I'm， I'm looking at this。 I'm thinking， how is this gentleman， And but that's all it's open。

 It was a Sunday， right，Normally we， we will do daytime on Sundays。

 but there was a transformation super conference going on the day。 So I take him out。 So I'm like。

 okay。😊，Obviously， I'm feeling like， you know， kind of like I'm swimming with the weight on my leg because he doesn't fit in there。

 right， But I'm like， no， that is not gonna happen。 Alright， because I have a rule。

 And that's that the club can get on top of you or you can get on top of the club。

 And if you allow it to， that club will get on top of you。 So I say， look。We're going to do this。

 So I get in there and not for even one second。 Do I think to myself， oh， this is。

 this is going be tough。 Like， we're gonna to do this。 So I take them the back area。

Back big smoking section。And I get there and I'm like， I'm ready， right， and I'd seen this before。

 I'd seen it on the Thursday。 I'm like， all right， clap， boom， boom， boom， and we start to clap。

 start to jump up and down， the whole back area turns into a giant mosh pit。The whole back。

 and they're like， yeah。You cool guys。 Ylow cardigan man， Yeah， right， and okay， And then I see this。

 And I'm like， I did it， right， I did it。 Okay， I just stop， grab yellow card boomm。

 sh on the highest girl I can find， right， She's like。😊，Okay， right， Next thing， you know。

 he's all face to face in the corner with this 18 year old girl。 He's 55。 It's amazing。 All right。

 It's like a miracle。 okay， but it can be done because women respond to that kind of communication。😊。

Anyway， look， that whole unciling。 That's also where the pounce came from， by the way。

 that same night， I was so on。 I saw a group， I saw one girl with six guys。 And I was like， yeah。

 yeah， like this。 And I looked。 And I went like this， I go。😊，Black males。

 first impressions get this like that。 Okay， you're not clear nails， and the whole group just goes。

😀like that， right， disperse。 All right， we call that ch vaporization。 Okay， All right。

 just disperse them。 So I just did that kind of just as a joke。 So， all right， So basically。

 I do that。😊，And I realized， look， being unstifled is what works。

 So even if like when we're doing this exercise of being unstifled。

 it doesn't necessarily mean that that's total belief。

 but you can quickly unstifle yourself to a point where you have so much indifference。

 you can do anything and you've gone halfway towards total belief with that you can get reference experiences。

 and the more reference experiences that you get， the more that you realize in your unconscious mind。

 this great new person that you want to be， the more evidence that you get of it。

 the more that you understand the subtle little microbehaors and the better that you become。😡。

Four days。Oh man。Four days， you know， I would love to just go for 30 days， you know。ち。hYou know，yep。

 you know， it's funny being up here。You just eventually get into that zone where it just becomes reality。

 After a while， this is our reality that we've created together over these four days。

Now we're moving in very deep down the rabbit hole， we are in the last half of the fourth day。

 and so I'm going to get to some ideas that for me have been the most important that Ive ever had。

So let me lead into them by sort of wrapping this last section。

 which sort of tees up the next set of ideas， All right。you guys have basically。You know。

d percolating in your mind here is that there's these new behaviors， new habits。

 new behavior patterns， and new thought patterns that can enter into your mind and grow。

 They're like new seeds they grow。And there's all of these different understandings that you're slowly implementing。

 you know， the easier ones are things like eye contact as a newbie。

 we go out and we give eye contact and we go， wow， look at that。

 I was walking down the street and I held eye contact with this girl and she maintained it the whole time。

 She smiled。 maybe I could have dated her。All right， you know。

And you know we learn like you know we start to get these new understandings。

 then there's more complicated understandings like you guys might remember from foundations I spoke about the idea of vibing and learning that when you vibe with somebody。

 that is not a linear conversation that has a purpose， but it's a nonpurposeful conversation right。

 do you guys remember that you remember how like see to me what vibing is？

It's sort of a way of cleansing yourself out。 All right。 Remember。

 we've spoken about the idea of being present， being in the moment。

Well what social vibing does for me is I can find I could be having like the toughest day right have any of you guys ever been having like the toughest day and someday can be tough of course for all of us and then you just go out and maybe you hang out with your friends or you go out to a nightclub or somewhere social wherever it is and after a I' just kind of bibing with people you walk home thinking like what was the big deal you ever had that experience？

😡，You just kind of walk home， you know， it's crazy like you just sort of walk home and you know if you had a good night。

 you just feel good。 And in a lot of ways， that's because the idea of being in the moment and presence is contagious。

All right， that's really the thing is that if you have an individual who's very stuck in his head and has all this noise going on in his mind and you have that strong degree of presence。

 you can pull him out of that And when people go out and vibe， that's what they're doing。

 This is the whole issue where a lot of guys that come into learning success with women。

 they learn about being social。 And once they get a girlfriend or a wife， they think it ends there。

 right， I can just go back to being you know we' the Warcraft man now。

 right I can go back to my old self and just be an introvert and not socialized。

 And then a lot of those old habits come back learning this stuff。

 it doesn't necessarily mean that you have to be going around hooking up with girls left and right。

 But the new social habits that you get， those kinds of things to me， those are maintained。

 All right In fact， and I've said this before。 whenever I read a book。All right。

 and I'm reading a book。On one level， sure I'm looking for that information out of it。

 like I want new ideas， but on another level to me what reading a book is a by a book that was written by someone who's very present is that it's pulling me back into that empowering state of mind it's amazing how with like a great author your mind can be totally fried and you can almost just pick up the book off the shelf look at it and it puts you back into that zone and that's the habit that to me goes every day and the same goes with vibing with people that's really what it's about。

😡，But you see。When you work a lot， say that you work of a job， like say， as a computer programmer。

 as an engineer， for example。😡，What that is is a very logical state of mind。

 Have you guys ever heard the concept that logic is the opposite of emotion， right。

 So logic and emotion are almost like oil and water， right？ They flush each other out。 And so。

 for example， look， say that you're making out with a girl in bed and then suddenly you say， hey。

 what is six times 6。Is that36。 What is it All right， and then what does that do， guys。

 what kind of responses I create in the woman confusion， massive confusion， right it's a vibebreaker。

 You know what I'm saying it's a total vibebreaker。

 And when you're vibing with people whenever you're trying to be too logical oftentimes that can be a vibebreaker。

 Other times you can be being logical and be vibing kind of， you know。

 intermittently and that can be happening as well。 But the idea being that socializing and vibing with people is an end in and of itself。

 All right， you know where you ask people like say that you ask someone a rhetorical question and they think you're quizzing their intelligence。

They're testing your intelligence， like the classic example being like， hey。

 I just got this new jacket。 is's really cool。 guess how much I paid for it。 And the guy's like。

 wait a minute。 He says， guess how much you paid for it。 That means it's low。

 I'm gonna show him how smart I am by saying something really low。 And He's like $5。 And you're like。

 well， I paid 20， but it's still low。 And he's like， oh， yeah。😊，Right， and it's like。Right。

 it's a vibebreaker。 Okay， and some people do that。 And I used to do that myself for years and years。

When you're vibing with somebody， if you feel like you're having to prove yourself。

 that's not really vibing。 you guys understand that。 All right。

 do you guys understand that emotional states are addictive You' just some quick last minute touchups that I want to do before we sort of wrap this whole program just some last minute concepts I want to remind you guys of state being addictive right So look at it this way。

 If somebody is addicted to positivity and you talk to them about something negative。

 what's typically the response from them they'll leave right or say that it's a friend。

 say that you're in a very negative mood and you've got a friend who's addicted to positivity and you're like。

 oh dude all this stuff that's happening that it sucks its so bad。 he might say oh dude man。

 that sucks， man。😡，Well don't worry about it。 Maybe he'll reframe it right he'll say， well。

 maybe this will good will come out of it， Don't worry about it。

 How about somebody who's addicted to negativity， What will happen when you bring up a negative topic。

 playoff of it， go with it， explore it， look at all the other negative ramifications that it has right and really sink their teeth into it and it's really interesting because when you look at the sort of ways that the sort of topics that people talk about you can see what they're addicted to。

 understand that negativity and positivity， these are different emotional states。

 and the more often that you access an emotional states。

 the more synaptic pathways that your mind creates in order to access it again and again and again。😡。

Did you also know that memory is state access dependent？So for example。

 if you're in a very negative state。😡，The memories that you also had while being in a previous negative state will be more in the forefront of your reality。

 This is why when you're having a chde night， it feels like you have been a chde forever。

RightAnd when you're having a great night， tell me if this is not true。

 when you're having a great night， you're like， why did I ever care about this is so easy。

 I've always been like this， right it's always been like this。

 Whyt why am I stressing it's always been easy when you're having a great night because in the forefront of your reality。

 you remember those nights right and what's also interesting is when you're feeling negative。

You're thinking about these other negative things that happens and the cause and effect relationship in your mind is screwed up because you're thinking I feel bad。

 why do I feel bad because these other negative things that I'm thinking about。

 That's what's making me feel bad。 you guys see the cause and effect mix up here when you're in a negative state you remember things that make you feel bad and then you go why my negative I know let's rationalize it's because of that All right。

 So how about with a logical state of mind and an emotional state of mind。😡。

If you're used to being a computer programmer， for example， and you're doing logic all day。

 a lot of the time when you get out to that social gathering。

 you feel alienated from the environment， you feel disconnected。

 you're seeing people playing around and you're still trying to compute it。😡，All right。

 that's because the emotional side hasn't come in。 See a logical conversation。Who did this？All right。

 okay。Prank on the teacher。 All right，Okay。All right。だめ。All right， so look。嗯。

A logical conversation is linear， all right， it goes like that。😡，Okay， it's very linear。

 that's how it goes。So in your mind， in the thinking in your mind， you're thinking very linearly。😡。

Viibing。I's more like this。 It's more like， here's you and it's just kind of。Going like that。

Kind of s that picture。 All right， So look， basically what's happening is this。

 when you're viing with somebody。 Okay， you want to learn how to get quick w。

 you guys want to learn that like sharp wit like like that instant nice wit。

 What basically happens is your mind plays an association game。 That's what's going on there。

 So say that somebody says some word and you want to make a joke about that word。

 people who are sharp wted they have they don't have that very logical。

 they might have that side of themselves developed。

 but that's not what they're engaging when they're being quick wted。

 what quick wit comes from essentially， is that in your mind。

 that kind of like whatever joke the person through you or whatever word they said that you want to be witty with。

 that goes to your head and your mind quickly cycles through in about one millisecond。

 like100 different things that are related to that that you could use to misinterpret it Do you guys see what I'm saying here right because a lot of wit is misinterpretation or to like playfully frame control like in some witty way or whatever it is and your mind And so when you。

viving with somebody or especially with a girl。 you feel your mind just kind of floating。 All right。

 Like your thoughts are sort of floating。 And so you know， say that you're speaking with the girl。

 and there's like a really great pickup going on。 I mean like a really smooth one What's essentially happening is you're both kind of like in this floating headspace where she just sort of shoot something out there and you're just kind like and little associations just sort of arise。

 Do you got see the difference between the thoughts arise to you as opposed to like you chase the thoughts Basically when you're relaxed and you're not trying to force it by thinking linearly but you're vibing with somebody。

 little funny images that sort of amuse you kind of come up。 So she says something that amuses her。

 and then that kind of shoots an image into your head。

 like a fun image and then you sort of shoot something back know that amuses yourself and therefore amuses her back All right and that's sort of what a really great interaction looks like。

 So if you look at a guy who's really great with women if you's talking to a girl in the nightclub because what is the whole what's the value in a nightclub。

Fun， right， So think about the context here。 If you're in a nightclub and you're talking。Basically。

 what's going on is you're both having fun。' you and it's just sort of floating。

 You guys see what I'm saying here， right You're both just kind of like b just floating。

 And there's no like trying to qualify yourself。 You're not like sinking back into your head and like it's not like she says。

 oh， you know I went to this city。 And then you're like wait a minute。

 I have a very impressive trip in that city。 I'm going to tell her about it now So she'll like me。

 you guys see the difference here All right and you have to trust that process。

 So things like understanding that you can condition yourself towards positivity。

 things like understanding what vibing is， things like understanding that you don't need to qualify yourself。

 These are really big things that you internalize。 You can hear them here in the seminar。

 but you may not have internalize them until you go out and get the reference experiences to see what it's all about and to trust them。

 remember， we said trusting in a foreign set of bearings。 You have to trust them。 So how about。

OkayTo me， the two most important bearings that you have to trust。

 one is the first one which we already mentioned， and that's that girls can like you just for you。

 What does that mean， try walking up and talking to a girl and being in the moment and not thinking ahead and just allowing it to go in whatever direction is going to go without stretching and striving for outcome。

😡，And beyond that。😡，The other one that I think， to me is like the ultimate self- fulfillfilling prophecy for guys who really live in abundance when it comes to women is the belief and the total internalization that sex between a man and a woman is a natural consequence of chemistry and an inevitability。

😡，More than anything。 You know how。You know how when you really believe that you can get you can talk to anybody Have you guys ever had a night where you really believe that you can talk to anybody right and you walk up and you totally anticipate a positive response。

 right you're anticipated responses are always positive on that。 Well。

 how about when you get used to the phone， right， say that you've got it into your list of assumptions that you can talk to any girl or any guy。

 Great， but now you're not used to calling on the phone， So you get used to calling on the phone。

 right it goes into your reality that you can call girls on the phone and they'll be cool about it。

 and that even if they're not， it doesn't matter。Well， see to me。

 the kind of like the last one beyond like learning to extract， learning that you can make out。

 the very final one is changing your beliefs about sex to being like this big deal to just being a way to cement a moment or a way to blow off steam。

😡，All right， because think about it when you look at like a party， right。

 when you guys think about a party。How do people wind up hooking up。Typically。

 what happens is everybody's having fun。 everyone's having a good time。

 and then the sort of tension and the energy builds。 And then it's just a way to blow off steam。

 right， Maybe you have a nice moment with a girl， and it's a way to cement the moment。

 But rather than thinking of it as some kind of big deal。

 And it's the guys who have really internalized that sex is just a natural thing。

 It's not a big deal。 Like say that you wind up hook with a girl。

 You're not going to your friends like holy shit dude。 I hooked up with this girl。 It was nuts。

 All right， trying to bring it into your ego。 It's just not a big deal。

 It's a part of your everyday life。 All right， you can always tell a newbie who's really proud that he's getting laid because he's gonna tell everybody about every conquest that he's had right He wants everybody to know about it。

 He needs them to know about。 And that's fine。 I'm not everyone's at a different point in their development。

 I'm not remotely even criticizing because we've all done it at different points。 But the thing is。

 I think when you really arrive。 It it's just in your reality。 It's like， yeah， Of course， you know。

 girls， guys， sex like okay， whatever， right you can take a girl out。 You're having fun together。

 You're not even really thinking about the outcome。 but on the other。😊。

And sex just keeps winding up happening。 It just always happens。 All right。

 It's just one of those things。 It's just， it just happens。 It's just a natural consequence。

 not a big deal。 So， look。Here's where it to me。 And this is sort of how we're transitioning。

Where things get really， really crazy。Allright， here's where things get out of control。

When you're building up。Anticipated responses。So you're beginning to say， look。

 women respond well to me， you know， when I walk over， she'll respond well。😡。

Most guys that you know can't do that agreed。So if most guys that you know can't do that。

 you have to rationalize yourself why it is that you're suddenly able to do it and on some level you start to view yourself as being superior in a way and you're trying to get evidence all the time to prove that you can live in this new reality。

 you become addicted to getting reference experiences。 This is a good thing， by the way。

 addicted to chasing reference experiences is a good thing。

 It's just not a final destination that you want to get lost in So look。

 what happens is has any of you guys ever had any of these things someone ask you guys some questions has anybody here ever been at a point where every girl that you see you must approach if you're attracted。

😡，Okay， good。 hass anyone here ever been at a point where if a cute girl walks by and you don't approach it。

 You feel guilty about it。Has anybody here ever been at a point where you're so into approaching women that you're out on a day two with a girl and you're still scanning the room for more women and me。

 How ironic is that， right because you're in that mode。 give me reference experiences。

 Give me reference experiences。 You want that。 and you want new evidence。

 Your mind is craving evidence to prove that you can really believe in this new abundancebased reality that you live in。

 It wants it。 It needs it。 You can't just say I believe in you ever see these guys like I believe in abundance and you know they don't have abundance and there's a weird incongruence。

 You need that。 All right，s you need that to really believe it。 you need some references。

 So you crave it and you go out and get it。 But here's where things get even more interesting。😡。

If you live with a new certain set of beliefs and your mind is still sucking off a secondhand experience。

 which all of ours do to an extent。Are you gonna want to surround yourself with other chosedes who keep pounding it into you that you can't do this new stuff。

 right？ So what do we do， We distance ourselves from our old friends and we wind up getting all new friends who are all into pickup。

 Who here has ever done that。😡，Alright， okay。Let me ask you this。 And it's a trick question。

 Good thing or bad thing。 What do you guys think， Both， That's right。 It's both because on one level。

You can criticize it， right， You can say， look at this。

 This guy just gave up everything that made him cool。

 He gave up a social life learned how to pick up girls。 But on the other hand。

 every single person who's now an expert that criticizes。

All that like try hardness that went into it。All were trihars themselves。Right， they're like， oh。

 dude， I took that path。 You don't need to take that path。 right， You， you don't need to do that。

 You can spare yourself all that。 Well， that's because the point that they've reached is a point where it's like for them to keep hanging out with their pickup rows all the time would actually be hurting their skills because it's taking away from their depth。

But to really get into this， a lot of the time you need to surround yourself with other people that live in the same abundance based mindset as you。

 You have to do that。 All right， There's a craving of it。

So that's where things start to get really interesting。So basically， look。

Why is it that we're doing this， Because if we lose sight of our new reality， it falls away from us。

Think about what that really means， guys， as soon as we know as soon as if we're around other people that are living in scarcity。

And we're not approaching girls and continually cultivating the new reality。 It falls away from us。

 Has anyone here ever had an experience where you had the reality going great。

 and then you stopped for a while， and it fell away from you。All right。

So you keep going out more and more， but here's where it gets really interesting to me。😡，You want it。

 you become， how could I put it？You have unhitched from your old identity。

 You have unhitched from the easiness of social conditioning。😡。

And so there's something about a newbie or even a guy who's at a moderate like intermediate level where there's sort of a hole in his identity。

 He doesn't know who he is anymore。 and he sort of craves validation。

 There's a sort of anxiousness about you when you're in a newbie or an intermediate phase。

 There's a sort of something missing。 that's there。 And that's sort of an irony because on one level。

 you're trying to get good with women。 but on the other hand。

 being centered is what makes you good with women， isn't it。

 So it's sort of an interesting kind of paradox。 Look， your mind craves the inundation。

 it wants the new reality and it needs references in order for you to keep living that new reality。

 look in order for you to be able to walk up to the girl with full confidence。

 you need to keep providing your mind with reference experience that this is easy， this is possible。

 all that social condition that said I couldn't do it was wrong。

 all the limiting beliefs that I had about why I can't do it were wrong。

 So you need to keep creating those reference experiences。 But the problem is， like I said。

 it makes you antsy。 What happens next。😡，You start constantly talking about your new skills。

 who heres ever just constantly being addicted to telling other people about the new skills， say aye。

😡，All right， Who here has ever read about it continually for hours and hours and hours， say a。

 All right， Who here has been has actually gone out of their way to hang out。

 especially with other people who have the exact same interest to reinforcecing your route， say I。

 All right， who here has felt the drive to constantly approach girls over and over and over to prove that you can do it。

 say I， All right， So we see that that's something that happens。 Okay。

 you focus on nothing other than we'll reinforce the new reality。 Why do we do that。

 Because when you live in abundance， what happens to your state。 Zoom。 right。

 That's what's happening to you， when you're actually doing well。

 when you're doing when you're doing awesome in the field。

 you feel incredible and you walk around the next day feeling like the shit。 So of course。

 you want to keep doing the things that will make you keep feeling like that， you're getting results。

 you're focused on it。 All right。😡，So what happens to you。You know what？

You can't relate to your friends as much anymore because they talk about this nonsense。

 you get buried within the new reality， and you just keep pushing it。 all right， And look。

 have you guys ever heard the expression a path of excess can lead to wisdom？😡，Well。

 that's very much true， right， a path of excess， excessive action of whatever type can lead to wisdom eventually。

 But the thing is this。Think about it。As like a false self that begins to evolve。

 because your mind cannot process these like amazing you're doing these amazing， incredible things。

 like being able to make out of the girl that you've never met， you know。

 within a minute or being able to like get like the most gorgeous girl in the club get to come home with you stuff like that。

 your mind is like， how is it that I'm doing this。 I must just be the shit， right。

 And so a false self begins to evolve， right， this new identity。

 because essentially what has happened， if you think about it， most people live in fear。😡。

Remember the very first day， most people walk through life in a walking days。

 and there is the nice shores of social conditioning。 Think of this as being like the open ocean。

 All right， who knows what's out there， And here's the nice shores of social conditioning。

 A socially defined identity right， I it not easy to know who you are when you fit so nicely into the little puzzle of being a ch。

 you know， being a ch is easy。 Being a ch does not require an expenditure of energy。

 You can walk through life as a chad。😡，Nobody will insult you， or at least it'll be very rare。😡。

You won't be humiliated， you will not have to push your edge。

 And so when your sense of self is attached onto that like a boat， right， And you say，😡。

Mainstream society has all of these beliefs， they have them。

 many of them which are right and amazing and awesome。

 but some of which are limiting and very much heard mentality， you know。

 very much keeping you not from advancing to where you could go and you say I'm going break off and so you go out into the open shore right or we'll even do a boat okay？

😡，And you go out into the open shore。 and you're looking for that next island， right。

 you want to find。That new sense of self。 You want to find out who you are。 You want to find out。

 you want to forge a new identity for yourself， right。

 This program is called deep identity level Change。 You want to find out who you are。

 You're looking for who because the thing is。😡，Is your socially defined identity who you really are。

冇有。Why not？That's what people say of you what you say that That's because that's what other people say of you。

 it's just given to you。 You never really thought about it based on scarcity and needing find stuff to build a oftentimes based on scarcity absolutely。

 And so that's not really who you are。 So you say I'm going to find outvo I。

 I want to get to the core of who I am。 And so you let go。Of the easiness。

 all your friends that that are still on the shore。 they go， bye bye， You wave by， right。

 and they get farther and farther away。 And， you know， it can happen。Different things happen。

 Different people get different results。 Some people， they go away for a little bit。And they go。

 I don't like this。 Where's the shore。 Let's go back。 You guys all know people who did that。They say。

 screw it， man。 this is， this is to， I don't need。 you know， they'll have a reason。 Theyll。

 they'll rationalize it， right， I don't need that。 This just isn't for me。 It's not， you know。

 this stuff's stupid， whatever， right， There's a million different things you can find and criticize。

Other people， you know what happens to them？😡，They get lost out there， don't they？

Have you guys ever known someone who was just lost out there when this new false sense of self just。

Like they think that they found this new， super powerful sense of self， but really。

 they don't really believe it。 They think they've found it， and they're stuck there， right。

 And a lot of us are been stuck there。you see them they're lost out there。

 They don't know who they are anymore。 And because they don't know who they are。

 they'll spend like a decade or whatever just trying to get references all the time， validate me。

 validate me， validate me， right， They're not deciding to be chose。 They've stepped up。

 They have at least tried to step up， right， They're not here anymore。 They have gone out there。

 but it's like more references， more references。 I need more validation。

 and the validation becomes an addiction and it can consume you。 All right。😡，And ideally。

 there's some people。Who eventually。Get to their core self。 They find that other side of the shore。

 All right， They find it and。They figure out who they are。😡，They get to their core self。

And they become very centered。And along with being very centered。

 they have a huge wealth of reference experiences。An incredible calibration。

 incredible social calibration。 They have this whole new range of behaviors that they can take part in。

 but they' found that centeredness。 All right， And that's the type of ideal that I've wanted to bring you guys to and to sort of set you out on that kind of a journey。

😊，So that leads us to our next section。All right， and this to me。This was the biggest epiphany。

That I had。In this entire deal， pretty much， all right？So。Growing up， I was very unhappy。

Extremely unhappy。 A lot of people say， wow， man， you're so motivated。

 I would say that sure I've been motivated， but I would also say I've been running away from pain a lot of my life。

 All right， you guys have seen me。You know， whenever we whenever I talk about things like social conditioning。

 you can see that kind of negativity， that kind of negative energy feel that I get in me where it's likem kind if you actually look at me。

 Im sort of have this interesting character because on one level， I can get up in front of crowds。

 I can talk to the crowd and blah b blah。 But if you look at me carefully。

 you can see little cracks of my old self kind of coming through。

 almost like a wounded cat that got left out and kicked around and stuff like that。

 like you got your cat， but everys like like that。 And I feel that in myself。 right I can feel that。

 know my old self little cracks of it coming through。 And I'm okay with that now。 know at one point。

 I was like， oh' never weed all that out。 now I'm just like no， it makes me a more dynamic person。

 I I'm like okay whatever you guys really have to be the same way。 don't strive for perfection。

 But anyway。What I really did for a long period of time was went to the greatest lengths possible to change my conditions。

Because if you're pissed off or unhappy， there's two things that you do。

 One thing is that you change， you know， your conditions， the other is you change， you know。

 what you focus on and your your level of gratitude， right。

 So some of you guys may be or may not be aware of some of the things that I've done to change my conditions。

 All right。But what I want to introduce you guys to is the concept of it didn't work。All right。

And what that means， So I want to tell you a story。17 years old， I was 17。 the first time I had it。

 It didn't work moment。嗯。Very stressed out。 My very close friend， very。

 maybe even my best friend was in jail at the time。A lot of chaos was going on around me。

 I was flat broke， living on my own。And I always thought， you know。

 if I could just get my money together and if my friend was out of jail。

 everything would be great right now， you know， my life would be perfect。

So eventually he did come back and I did get my money together。

 And I remember I got a really nice windfall。 So I'm sitting there and back at 17 years old。

 my concept of like， you know， the total glory would be like have enough money for clothes。

 Cds and arcade games。 You guys remember that。 wasn't that nice。

 you know So I remember so I got the money right And I was on my own。 I went to the arcade game。

 I played street fighter versus X Anyone ever play that。 All right， A game。

 I used to play a Kumma and Rayu。 All right， sometimes can。 So。I'm I'm kicking ass right。

 just totally dominating the accident versus a street fighteright。

 I also like street fighterer Alpha。 And I do that。 And I'm like whatever。

 I still kind of feel depressed。 But its kind of fun for a bit。 So then I go get some new clothes。

 I used like Tommy Hillfi clothes at that age。 You guys remember Tommy Hillfi was like a shit。 Yeah。

 so I went and got some new Tommy Hillfi shirts。 got I got a bag there。 then I go get some Cds， know。

 I used to listen a lot of gangster wrap stuff like that。 go get some stuff like that。

 I got a bunch of Cds。 So I'm sitting there。 And then my other favorite thing is I love to eat a restaurants。

 right， when I was young， especially eating out was kind of like a treat that I got when I was a kid。

 So for me that was like a button right So I go to the food court。 know。

 now you probably wouldn't catch me in food court very frequently。 But。😊，Back then。

 I used to love to go to the food court。 So I go to the food court。

 and I remember I got some pizza pizza， started eating it。

 Then I got like some kind of hamburger thing and ate that。 right I'm all full。 And I'm like。

 I just don't feel good。 And I'm like， maybe I'll get some New York fries。

 So I go over to New York fries and I eat those， right， then like。

 maybe I'll go get some like cake or something。 I go get that and I eat it， right， And I remember。

 and I filled up and I ate and I ate and I ate。😊，And so I sit there sitting at the table of this food court。

 so full that I'm ready to vomit it。 Allright， And I lie there with my hand on my arm like this looking down。

 and I'm like。😊，It didn't work。It didn't work， right， And I'm looking at it。 And I'm like， I'm like。

 I have everything I want right now， right because at the time women were so so utterly outside my reality。

 I wouldn't even occur to me to get that。 So， right， so you know， like didn't even stress me。

 So it's only when I started to push 20 while still a version that I started to get worried。

 But anyway， I'm sitting there。 and I realized it didn't work， right， And there's something。

 you know， they say there's two ways。To be really， really pissed off。

 one is to not get what you want。 The other way to be extremely pissed off is to get what you want。

 All right， and what happened was I got what I wanted and can you imagine what it's like for a lot of celebrities。

 for example， who have all the fame all the women and they're looking and they're sitting there and they're like I'm unhappy。

😡，Why am I unhappy and think of the insanity？😡，That they must feel。

 because at least when your conditions are not ideal， you can blame the conditions。

 But when you yourself are unhappy， there's no one to blame and you start to feel totally。

 totally nuts。😡，Anyway， look， time went on。You know， I had many， great situations。

 many tough situations， and it was about maybe a year and a half two years ago。

 and I'm sitting in Honolulu， right So I moved to Honolulu。

 I moved direct okay I want you to look at like the extreme level that I went to I literally moved right in front of the ocean。

 So I I throw a thing out the window and lands in the sand and punk in the water I've got a great girlfriend I've what I always wanted was a girlfriend that was a full nymmaniac。

 you guys ever want that I've got a girlfriend who's so addicted to sex that now I'm like oh god so so much into that。

 right know I'm living in a great place you know RSD is going fine。

 we were previously like over a quarter million and dead after Project Hollywood I got us out of that God knows how worked our way out。

 got ourselves stable。 Everything is good finally I'm walking home and I can feel it。

 I'm walking home from another nice morning of the gym and a nice。

 perfect day in Hawaii looking at everyone。😊，Who seems so happy and I'm like。

 what the fuck is wrong with me。What is going on， I have arrived。

 Why is this not as tasty as I thought it would be， What is going on here， all right？😡。

So I stayed like that for a while， and let me tell you it can make you feel insane。 All right。

 true insanity is when you get what you want and you still have not really become the happy person that you expected because all your friends don't totally have what they want。

 but you have it and it wasn't you're not getting the outcome that you wanted right at least all your friends。

 like say when you start becoming really successful with women。 right。

 when you've got all the women you could want。 I bet you a lot of you guys in here。

 really think that if you have the skill set of a lot of like the top guys。

 that's all you would ever want。😡，I bet you a lot of you guys really think that you're like， man。

 look， if I could just go out into any nightclub and like at least hook up with a couple different girls a week。

 get any cute girlfriend I want， I could just have sex all day。 I'd be thrilled。

I'm sure you guys have at different points who here has seen a girl who's so hot that you say to yourself at a cursey。

 if I could just have sex with her all day， that is all I would ever want， say ae。 okay。

 everyone has had that thought。 All right， So so you look at it and you think I've got the girls。

 I've got what I want what's missing here， all right。😡。

I think I got more and more stressed out anyway， look。

 what happened to me was I went into a sort of state where I was having trouble sleeping and I just be you know。

 it was like it wasn't when things were bad that I really stressed。 All right， when things were bad。

 I stressed， but it was like a normal level of stress。 It was like a healthy level of stress。

 It was when I finally started to get everything that I ever wanted that I became the most screwed up that I that I could have ever been just just completely feeling insane and actually。

 I started to feel like I deserved to die。And the reason that I felt I deserved。

 And then I started getting afraid to fly airplanes and stuff like that was kind of weird。

 And the reason I felt that I deserved death was because I was like， I， I've been given everything。

 right， I have been so fortunate to have not everything。 Look， plenty people have a lot more than me。

 But relative to what I expected to get out of life， I'd been given everything。

 And I'm looking at that。 And I'm like。I don't even appreciate this， right。

 I am not fit to live because I don't appreciate what I have Im like I'm like a bad person。

 That's what these thoughts。 It wasn't like I thought it。 I wasn't like if you'd ask me。

 do you think you're a bad person， I'd say yes， but it was like unconsciously buried in there somewhere。

 Allright， And that's what was starting to go on for me。 anyway。

 as that went and went and kind of built and built that LED me towards a certain level where eventually I was ready to crack And what happened was。

😡，I was learning about what the ego was right and sort of finding out what that was and what I realized。

 and it was actually my friend Kiran， he wrote an article on it。

 and I had been sort of surrounding this area for a long time because I've been looking at internal pillars of reality。

 external pillars of reality and something that Ki wrote about was he said one of the things that people do is they create this identity like say you create an identity for yourself right this big pimp。

😡，And people give you accolades and like you for that type of identity。 is that the real you？😡。

It's not really you， right， It's this fiction。So what happens to your unconscious mind。

 your unconscious mind says。If I want to get love， if I want to be deserving of affection。

 if I want to be deserving of love， I have to keep playing these power games to keep showing people how great I am so I can keep getting love。

 But what does that do， Does that really make you think that girls and people should like you just for you。

😡，No， it's you telling yourself you have no value because you have to live a false life。 Exactly。

 you guys here already said， you're telling yourself you have no value because you have to live a false life。

 And I mean， let's say it's not even a false life like。

Let's say that you're just busting your ass to do as best as you can， right。

 There's nothing inherently wrong with that at all。

 I think that people that get all spiritual and they just sit there and don't do anything with their lives。

 I mean， I try to be open minded to it， but I have a very difficult time respecting it。

 but I'm trying to be open minded to it， you know。😡，You know， maybe my opinion will change someday。

 But when I see it now， based on my value system now， I just， I can't connect with that very well。

 But anyway， look。What basically was happening was like。

When you get into a mindset where you're always trying to be better and better and better and that people admire you for that character that you've become。

 which hopefully all of you guys will reach a level of just total mastery and people will admire you for the person like for what they see。

 Well， what starts to happen is you realize this is actually starving。😡，Real self esteem。

I want you guys to think about this。 It's feeding the ego。

 It's feeding that character of yourself and is literally starving out real self-esteeem because the more love and accolades that you get for this character that you are。

 the more distance that you are from that person。 All right from the person that you really aren and from accepting that you could get love for the real self。

 So， look， when you put， when you develop a pickup persona， we all， to an extent。

 develop that pickup persona。What we're doing is we're like， okay， look， this is like， okay。

 here's the normal me。 Now there's girls I'm out at the club。

 Now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go out and I'm gonna put on my song and dance and the girls will be into me right And then what this teaches you。

 And you can see people who have been doing this a long time。

 Look at anybody who who has been using a lot of shells to their personality for a long time。

 And what you'll notice is that they always feel like they have to be doing something。

 They always feel like they have to be controlling the frame， controlling their reality。

 they have a hard time just chilling out because what's happened is their whole concept of why people will like them is based on showing their like really super cool selves to people。

 right So in the same way that maybe you have as a showed， you have the expensive watch。 You're like。

 oh， look at this。 When you learn about social dynamics。 And you learn about how to improve yourself。

 which is a great thing。 It is an awesome thing learning how to improve yourself。

 What winds up happening is you feel this need to show people that like more gregarious。

Self and this sort of thing is always gonna block the clothes on you because what's happening is like。

 look， say that you take the girls out in the club。 it's easy， right The club is hectic。 The club。

 there's simulation going on。 So the early your early game is okay。 It's all fine。

 But what happens is you get back to the restaurant right and you're all kind of chilling and you feel this like this kind of ansiness where you have to like I need to do something like I need to like do a push pull right now where I need I need to like make your chase to me a better。

 I need to entertain or whatever it is， which is is all fine。

 there's nothing wrong with being push Polish， flirtatious， entertaining。 all that stuff is great。

 All of it's awesome， but the problem is you're not doing it because you're acting through your own intentions you're doing it because you need to do it。

Have you guys ever been around someone who has a lot of status。

 But as soon as they need to show you their status， they look ched。 You know what I'm saying， right。

 they need to show you that。 It's like that same powerful guy who seems so incredible that people admire。

 But all of a sudden， when you see that he needs it。 he just gave us power away。It's's like really。

 you feel the need to show me all that。Damn， I'm sorry about that， you know， right。

 because essentially they're almost viewing themselves as inherently lower than you are。 All right。

 So they've handed their power away。So this is what leads us to the concept。

 This is a sort of a lead in to the concept of ego versus self esteem。 All right， guys。

