# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：19.小我与本我、提供价值与索取价值【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

So earlier on， you guys heard me say。That I would like to be up here forever， right？30 days。

 whatever。Let me ask you guys a question。What do you think is more valuable to me？😡。

Being here and doing this。Or the eventual result that will come。

 be it from the proceeds and money that comes from this。

 the DVD set that will inevitably come from it that kind of thing。 What do you guys think。

 What do you think is more enjoyable。Like， do I look like I'm having fun up here？

You know what I'm saying， right， is the kind of fun， like， especially， like。

 look at the fun that we were having earlier here just today。

 all of us together is the kind of fun that we are having here。😊。

What's more fun that or like getting a bigger number when you get the bank statement comes out of your bank machine。

You know what I'm saying， right， That's what real fun is。

 Isn't it interesting how society has got us so fucking scattered。😡。

And so fucking stuck on the surface of things that we can no longer see the depth。

 And we're running around trying to find new stimulation after new stimulation more， more， more。

 right， because we don't see the depth in things。 Most people don't even realize that confidence and feeling good about yourself is a default state。

😡，And this was this sort of。Shocking epiphany。That I had was realizing that feeling good about myself was a default state。

 Let me tell you why。 here's the difference between ego and selfeststem。 Okay。

 if you wanted to just sort of break it down really simply。Self esteem， you're born with it。

 just like arms and legs。😡，It's indescribable。 You cannot explain it。 You cannot logicize it。

 It's like the word Mojo， like the word soul。 All right， You have it as a child。😡。

And you're born with it。 Okay， it is self sustaining。It's just a self sustaining thing that you have。

 What about ego。What the ego is is a rational construct that we come up with as a substitute for selfestseem When selfestseeem becomes wounded at a young age。

 All right， so things like getting status， making money， pulling girls。

 these things allow us to logically see what we should have as confidence。 Now。

 here's where it gets interesting。Could we not make an argument。

That the ego is more real than self esteem， because the ego is based off something rational， right。

 You could say， why should I feel confident。If I've got my business running well and I'm doing really great with other women and I've got this going well and this going well。

 then I should be confident。 if I don't have anything going for me。

 why would I feel confident that's fake。Ma on the surface， doesn't that make sense， right。

 It's rational on the surface， it makes sense。 Okay， And a lot of people。

 when you talk about the difference between between ego and self the seen。

 that's the first thing they're going to say to you。You know， that's what it's going to be。 anyway。

 look。I was studying this stuff， and I remember， I was doing a boot camp。

 and I was sort of reading them different notes that I had and started going through the concept of ego。

 And I was explaining it back to him。And suddenly， what happened was like in one moment。

 very like a very Hollywood style moment。I was reading it， and I realized。

 like I'm reading it and explaining how we logically try to come up with reasons for why we should feel confident when it's just a default state。

 And I was reading about that。 Kiran's article is one of them。 I'd been reading you know。

 other sources， too， and we' were going through this。

 And suddenly it hit me like a fucking ton of bricks like boom。 All right。

 And I looked at it and I was like。😡，Like， I saw it。 I saw the ego。 I just started laughing。

And I was， I， and I started mumbling。 And I said， I think that studying。 I remember I said。

 I was like， I think studying this is maybe。Better for me than you， I I think。

 I think I need to really think about this stuff， right， And I was mumbling。

 And it was weird because I felt like my body just started to feel really good。

 remember how we felt earlier when we're jumping around， I started to feel like that， right。

 And I had never really felt like that before， And I just started to feel really good， right， And I。

 and I could see the ego。 I saw what I was doing。 And like all these images were going through my mind like all my life from a young age scrambling。

 scrambling like a rat in a rat race trying to find reasons to know who I am， right。

 And I just and it all went through my head。 and I'm。Oh， oh my God， oh， you've got to be kidding me。

😮，Two decades。I did that for two decades。Oh my God， it hit me all right。

 and it was interesting how all the stress that I was experiencing leading up to that sort of pushed me over the cliff。

 all right， to just sort of realizing that。😡，And。After that， you know。

 I went out and sought out books on the topic。 I looked， I started looking for books。

 Suddenly I found books like the E R Toll book，  different ones like that that explain this stuff and explained that other people it had similar experiences to this。

And let me tell you， I walked around that night at the nightclub。

 and I was the most in state I'd ever been。 But what I really noticed more than anything was that it wasn't like the normal state that I felt was like taking two electrical。

 thick plugs， putting my hands on both them and being like。

But what I felt when I was there was like a very calm sort of state。 right。 Remember。

 we talked about like the burning brush fire versus like the red hot coal。 Well。

 this is more like the searing hot coal。 It was like I just felt good。

 And you know how lot of the time when you're in state， you feel really good。

 And then maybe you see a certain approach that you don't think you should do because you might get a bad response and you'll fall out of states。

 You guys ever had that。 You're like， you're like， yeah， yeah。

 you see an approach like I'm not gonna do that one。 that might be tough。 Yeah， yeah。

 you go like that。 I didn't feel like that。 I was completely cool。

 Like I was completely unattached to the outcome。 It was like I was just chill， right。

 all of that inner dialogue that was in my head。 just turned off。 right， it was gone。

 And I was just and I'm like looking around。 I'm like， I'm like。Like just looking around。

 and I could start to see the depth in things， right， It wasn't always just that superficial level。

 So I walked around like that for about four days。 Okay， and I laughed a lot， right。

 I would just like everything I saw。 I was like， right， I was just laughing。

 And and this wasn't something I I kept it private because it seemed so strange to me。

 I didn't really want to talk about it。 I just felt great for about four days。

 What happened after about four days。😊，Was I felt like I had lost myself， right？ I was like， why。

 why am I not thinking anymore， right， Where where where did all my problems go。

 Why am I not thinking， And the ego kind of came in the back door。

 Do you want to know how the ego comes in the back door。 It does this。

 You start to feel really great。 And you quote unquote， find self-esteem， And then you go。

 look at all these other people that are so stuck in their egos。Man。

 these guys need to learn self esteem。Like me。All right， that's how the ego creeps back in。

 It's the most common way that the ego will creep back in。 we， oh， this guy is so trapped in ego。

 Oh my God。 All right， And you can see a guy who is who probably had that kind of like real self-estseeem epiphany at one point。

 And then the ego just found his way the ego one。What are you doing， right？

snuck in the back doors like I'm back and you don't know I'm back。 right。

 But go ahead and keep telling people how great you are now that you found selfestteem。 Okay。

 that's what the ego likes to do。There's a certain epiphany that happens that happiness is your default state。

😡，And that's a very， very freaky epiphany。Because think of all the implications that that has。

If happiness is your default state。😡，What would be the purpose of all the things you've done in your life。

Can you just be happy doing nothing and that actually goes back to what youre saying and he said you didn't see the value of spiritual leaders that don't you don't do anything except for just a practice。

That's why they're just happy， right， and so。I started to panic because it's like， well。

 why am I doing this then， why am I doing that if I could just feel good independently， right。

 And it's sort of a freaky kind of epiphany。But nonetheless。

Seeing how well I did with women that weekend， I knew that I had to find a way to stabilize this。

 can it and teach it。 All right， because this was a shit， Okay， right， I was like， this is amazing。

 was the first it was the first time that I'd ever had a girl say to me， take me home and fuck me。

 I had never had in all my years in the game。 I'd never had a girl say。

 take me home now and fuck me And that happened that weekend。 That was also the weekend。

 Remember the story I told about the girl that stormed over and shoved the other girl out of the way and tried to pull me out of the club。

That also happened that weekend separately。 Okay， so I was getting these incredible responses， right。

 I'm just sitting there I'm like。RightAnd that was it。 So I'm looking at， I'm like。

 this is incredible。 but what is this， what's going on here and how do I articulate this to people。

Anyway， look， from that point， I went through a lot of different ups and downs。 Okay。

 I really connected to my selfestseeem for a while。 Then I really lost it。 right， then I went。

 then I went back into my old habits， even like 10 times harder and then sort of fluctuated in and out of them for another year。

 All right， kind of back and forth back and forth。Anyway， look。What is the process。

 what goes on here？Well， look。Let's think ego， what is it？How does it form， where does it come from？

Alright， so I'm sitting there with my girlfriend。 We're in Sam goodies。 You guys know that store。

 so we're sitting there listening to music。 She's got the headphones on her ears and you know she's listening to it and this little black kid comes up and he's like he's like boom just kind of bo in his head。

 right， walks up to her， taps her on the leg， pulls the cord， takes the headphones off of her ears。

 puts it on， he just starts jammed， He's like， yeah。Like that。

And me and my girlfriend looked at each other and were like， like， what is this， right， Like。

 are you kidding， right？ And we look at the kid We're like， what， And the kidss like。Like that。

 right， and so cute， right， so adorable， it's so funny。And it really got me thinking that， you。

 as a kid， you had self estem。Right you didn't have this real concept of like， you know。

 this grandiose image of yourself or even as a grand victim， you know， whatever it was。

 you just were aware of what was going on and you felt good， right。

 Do you remember a time when you could approach people without any issue。

 Did everyone here have a time of their life like that say aye All right。

 everyone had that at one point where it's like， hey， do you want to be my friend。

 And it was just assume， right， that is that is at one point in your life。

 you had that But at some point。We become wounded。😡。

And wounding can happen for many different reasons。

 can't it It can happen when someone who you trusted just totally fucking screws you over。

 It can happen when your parents tell you don't talk to strangers or children are to be seen not to be heard。

 you know very 1800s， but you know derivatives of that and it can especially happen from social conditioning as you continually have all of your role models。

 all of the people who you look up to are showing you how great they are right or maybe not all of them。

 but most of them， most of your role models are showing you this is the lifestyle。

 This is the way to happiness。 you see some guy who's got a certain brand of sunlas and he's like。😡。

He's got a certain drink he's like。Alright， and this advertisement。 And as a kid， kids are sponges。

 right， kids are innocent。 They're sponges。 So they're soaking this in， right。

 And that's going into their head that they have to like， you know。

 become this big grandiose character。 So you get wounded， right， something happens。

 and it makes you feel bad。 And what winds up happening is you don't feel that you can just be confident just for you anymore。

 You feel disconnected from the tribe。 not a part of the tribe。 So， of course， you feel disconnected。

 And what does your mind start to do， Your mind can't just let you sit there totally screwed up with no confidence at all。

 right， So your mind says no， let's come up with logical reasons for why we can feel good。OkayWhat。

 what are all the logical reasons that I can feel good about myself。

 And now here comes the comparisons。 Here comes the judgments。

 Here comes looking at yourself compared to your fellow man and finding the differences。

 because self-esteeem is based about common humanity。

 and ego is based about separateness and differentness。 So you say， look， compared to Tommy。

 I have this and this and this。 And compared to Joey， I'm， you know， maybe not quite as good。

 And here's where I stand and that kind of thing。 And the ego starts to develop。And now you can say。

 oh， well look， you know， I can approach these people and talk to them why I can draw confidence from that。

 Why simple because of all these other things。 So you remember that sort of， you know。

 I was joking around the other day saying how a lot of guys are like me， I'm batting 100 man， right。

 You remember Jenny from back in the day。 She wanted me。 I saw I wanted her。 I got her right。

 And that's the ego there。 It's like looking for logical reasons， why we can feel confident。

 So why is the ego false， What is false by nature about the ego。😡，Well， let me ask you this。

When you speak with most people about their lives， how accurate are their memories。

Do you have a perfectly recorded， accurate memory of your life？

Do you not think that certain things that you remember about yourself。

 you might have twisted them in order to make it seem more positive in your favor。

 or maybe you twisted them to seem like a bigger victim so you could create an identity out of that。

😡，Everybody does it。 Your ego is， by nature false。 It is never as accurate as you think。

 It's just this little fake construct that you've made。And you want to know something。

 when you first face the ego for what it is， it seems huge， doesn't it。

 the idea of transcending the ego？😡，But the ego is really nothing more than a little grain of sand。

 That's about how big it is。 And you know what happens when you have a little grain of sand。

 but it's stuck right up on your eye。How big does it look。Looks huge， right？ Remember。

 we talked about dilating perception。 Well， when you're thinking small and your perception is drawn in like that。

 and that's where the ego is， it's like having two big grains of sand on your eyes。

 And that's all you can see。 And that is the filter through which you see the world。

So what is the ego made out of， What is the structure of the ego。 Here's a couple examples。

Logical evidence。 What is examples of logical evidence。I hooked up with this girl。 I got this girl。

 I got this girl。 I got this girl。 Okay， she took it on the face because she wants me so bad。

 This girl， let me do this to her， right， all that kind of stuff。 Okay， How about people's opinions。

Do you know here hass everyone here at some point tried to find themselves in other people's opinions。

Has everyone here done that at some point， maybe？Rationalizations like， you know。

 this person is such a dick， and the only reason that other people like that person is because they're stupid or you know whatever it is。

 right， Everyone has a story connected to other stories。

 connected to other stories in order to come up with their sense of self。😡。

And the last one that I think is really interesting， is comparisons。

Comparisons is a very interesting one， because essentially， what the ego is is look。

When I ask what you are。Do you know what you are？Like， okay， where are you right now？Yeah。

 where are you。Very simple， real simple where are you spit it out just okay， where are we Okay。

 where's here we're in a hotel， where's the hotel LAX， where's LAX Inglewood all right， where's okay。

 and where's that？😡，Earth， where's earth， Where's the universe。

 No one knows Where do you go after you die， No one knows， Are you even really alive right now。😡。

Like compared to what we think live is， we don't know。 Okay， life is about the unknown。

But what the ego does is it tries to shelter us from the unknown， doesn't it， It tries to say， look。

 I have all these labels for things， and I have all these judgments on things and comparisons from things。

 I know my environment。 I know the truth about my environment。

 And so what that does is it shelters us from the real。

What could be viewed as very frightening truth that our lies， we are constantly in the unknown。 Okay。

 Life is the unknown。In a lot of ways。Human life is very absurd in the sense that we're born。

 you know， we strive。 We do amazing things。 We create relationships。

 We have an impact all to do what to die。Right， life will end。And we say， well， what's the point。

 And in a lot of ways。This is a point that Ernest Becker made a guy named Ernest Becker made。

 And I think it's absolutely fascinating， which is that the fact that on someday that we're going to die leads to a denial of death where we can begin to view the world as an arena for heroism。

Has anyone here ever read the Iliot of Homer？ Yeah。

 you see how their view of reality is the world is an arena for heroism。

 So other people will speak of me after I'm dead and gone。

 I will be sung about after I'm dead and gone。 I'll have fame on the lips of men。 And so essentially。

What happens is we don't know who we are， right？ We don't know who we are。 We don't know what we are。

 We don't really know anything。 So our mind says， we have to make context。 We have to find a context。

😡，Right， if you're in an elevator that's going up and down。And it's a glass elevator。

 and you can see where the floor is， and you can see where the ceiling is。

 Do you know how high you are。😡，What if you're in an elevator where it's closed in and there's no buttons on the top。

 then do you know how high you are？Well， that's what the ego is trying to do is looking for people to compare yourself to。

 So the ego always wants to kick the next man down。 why， Because when you kick the next man down。

 you can show why you're better。 That's why people will say things like， I'm the best。

Have you ever found yourself saying， I want to be the best， rather than saying。

 I want to meet my potential。 You say I want to be the best。 What does the best imply。😡。

othersBe than others， right， Does it imply togetherness or separation， Okay。

 So this is what the ego does。 It's always looking for separation to show why you're more real。

 You're more tangible。 Okay， that's really， that's really what's going on there。

 So eventually we get what's called wounded。Okay， and what does it mean。You know， to be wounded。Well。

 look。On some level。You know， you。You have that experience that makes you no longer feel connected to the group。

You start this process of rationalizing， And this leads to a life of seeing the surface of things and basically just trying to run around。

 trying to figure out who you are， trying to heal that wound。 But ultimately， every single here。

 here's what's interesting。What you later realize is this。

It' it's kind of old self development expression。 The more personal the wound。

The more universal the wound。Okay， so I'll say that again， the more personal the wound。

 the more universal the wound。 So what that means is like this， look。Everybody here。

Has these stories from our past that are really， really embarrassing， right， that are very。You know。

 humiliating， victimizing and that kind of thing。And we can create an identity out of it， like， look。

 this happened to me。 All right， this is what happened to me， this is my identity。 But hey。

 even though this bad stuff happened to me， look at all this good stuff that I have。

 like as a pickup artist， for example， look at all these girls that like me。

 look at all these girls I hooked up with， look at all these great responses that I can generate。😡。

RightAnd that's again， that's the ego structure though that needs more and more and more。

 That's why the ego by nature is like a cancerous tumor that keeps growing and growing and growing。

 right real self-esteeem is sustainable。 Why is the ego， Why is the ego not sustainable。

 constantly have to have reference material does Yeah， speak that louder。

 you constantly have to have reference material to validate your ego。

 Yeah like whatever your concept iss always looking for feedback。 Yeah， it's a black hole。

 right it's sucking it's saying give me more evidence， give me more evidence， give me more evidence。

 and there's nothing wrong with wanting to have different reference experiences。

 having amazing experiences， But the thing is we're talking about how to be really。

 really good with chicks here， And part of being really， really。

 really good with chicks means you have to eliminate neediness。

So what I'm trying to get through to you guys is how to completely eradicate neediness。

 Do you guys think that it would be very good for your skills with women if you could totally eliminate all neediness。

 Okay， right， well， that's really what we're talking about here。

 That's why we're looking at these kinds of esoteric concepts。All right， so look。

The ego is needing evidence to show why those old wounds don't really matter。 And you have more。

 Okay， so， for example， one guy that I got compared to I think is really funny。

 And it was a very good description。 Have you guys ever seen syndrome from syndrome from the incredibleedibles。

 Have you guys ever seen that， Okay， right， okay。And when that came out。

 I thought that was so funny because there was a lot。 yeah the late bloomer here。 All right。

 and and why I thought that was funny because when you look at syndrome from the incredibles。

 look at his story， right？ He wants to be a superhero。

 He wants to be in with the superhero click And then what happens， they say， no syndrome。

 you can't come， right， you can't be in this， So the kick him out， right， So the next 20 years。

 he sits there， he builds a massive island， Rock boots， superpowers， right。

 And then he comes back and he's like， look， look what I have now， bitch is。 All right。

 And that's really what the ego is trying to do， right， when you look at someone like， I mean。

 I don't know the man， but takes the damn who's saying， right， and he's like。

 isn't that the essence of a super villain。 what is the essence of the super villain right in a cartoon。

 he's the guy that was that on some level feels cut off from the vine。

 he's been removed from that sense of togetherness。😊。

And what's happened is he's tried to come up with all these law scores like look at this superpower base that I have。

 Look at this look at this cat， look at saddam right He's got castles and control and he controls an empire。

 right， He has full control over everything， He's gonna die someday right or no yeah I don't watch TV All right。

 look， yeah， All right， when I well I was thinking as Saddam at the time。 But anyway， So look。

 someday when Sadam was alive。 He's gonna die， right。

 But do you see how by do you see how by having full control， right， Like look。

 I control this empire。 I control these people。 I have power and influence。

 you can deny your own death。Because when you lose control。

 you when you cannot control a situation and you feel a deep sense of anger and frustration。

 you want to know what that often is in disguise。😡。

What's happening is you realize if I can't even control this shit。How am I not going to die？😡，Right。

 how am I not going to keep myself look if I can't control this nonsense。

 if I can't control this bag of chips right here， just making squeaking noises。

 Thank you very much okay。😡，Then how？A I going you know how am I going to control this other stuff？

All right， so basically what winds up happening。Is you feel like a frustration。

 You want control is that desire to be able to control your environment。 And look。

 some of human beings ultimate greatness， a total glory is being able to control your environment。

 It is our ability to shape the world in the way that we want it。😡，But the question is。

 why are we shaping it， how are we shaping it， are we doing it from this desperate feeling of lack？😡。

Or are we doing it for the sake of right action。 Are we doing it to feel the flow of creativity。

Or are we doing it to deny the unknown， right， And that's really what we have to ask ourselves。😡，Now。

What's amazing？When you realize that happiness is a default setting is that you guys ever heard it said like the now is the only moment there is。

 the now is it。 and what that means is it's a reflection of the idea that do not seek happiness in the future。

Happiness is now， right， and you realize that， you know， the way that you feel now， this is it。😡。

Right。It's funny， like。Just being up here for four days， you know， I get up here and it's like。

This is it。This is the action， right， Like， you know， as kids were're told， okay， first you're a kid。

 you go to preschool， then you go to grade school， you get good grades， then you get to high school。

 you pass that， then you go to college， you pass that， then you get a job。

 You work your way up in the organization， then you retire， and that's the glory。Right。

 you get to retire。 Okay， You know what I'm saying， that's what Timothy Ferris to call。

 That's the deferred life plan。I love that term， a deferred life plan， right。I mean。

 really what's happening is like we're always taught to measure ourselves。

 to grade ourselves and to keep going to the next thing， right， to get to the future。

 Let's get to the future。 Let's get to the future okay and。When you realize， like this is it。

 you know， like there's the future， you know， the future is coming。 It's unknown。

 but it's probably coming。 but this is it right here。

 Then the concept of time becomes very much irrelevant。And that's when the flow starts to happen。

 Have any of you guys ever just been enjoying yourselve so much。

 that time just flew by where you just feel so good that there is no more need for time。

 Time can be used for like a practical purpose to get， you know， in order to coordinate things。

 you know， personal responsibility and accountability， but。You know。

 when someone says the now is all there ever is， what that means is that they feel good as they are。

 okay， that means that they can just sit there， sit in the park， just sit there on a park bench。

 just feel good。 All right，' that's the idea of that。 All right。

 and that's what really self-estseem is， isn't it， It being able to feel good on your own independently to generate safe from within。

That's where that's going to be coming from。 And isn't it amazing that when you enter that timeless zone。

 your creativity just shoots through the roof。You know。

 when you're out of the nightclub and you're just being so funny because you're not reaching for that better outcome。

 you're not like， oh， I don't feel good and I need this girl to validate。

 but you just feel good right now and it just starts to flow out of you and it's really just the most amazing thing。

😡，But like I said， look， like doing this program。The enjoyment of the offering of value。

Could never be matched up by the result。😡，So the next concept I want to introduce you is this is called the result is antiticlimatic。

 So repeat that after me。 Okay， the result is antiticlimatic。 I'm going to do it again。

 The result is antitic cllimatic。 The result isli， good。😡，It always is。 okay， the result。

 the result can never be as good as the doing。All right。The now， because it's all the same。

When you realize that happiness is all there is， this a default state？It's all the same shit。

You know what I'm saying， it's the same shit， man。 say that I'm sitting here now。 Okay， look。

 say you're sitting here now， you're feeling good， right， Feel good。

 And then you get the results of something。 You know， you get the payoff。 Okay， I feel good。

It's the same thing。 There's no difference。 right？ So then you say， well， why do we do anything。

 Well， look， offering value。That's like the most fucking， glorious thing that you could ever do。😡。

You know， like offering value to people。 And to introduce that concept of offering value。

 here's what I would say to you。 And this is where it comes in with social dynamics。

Whenever you're interacting with somebody， this is my method。 Okay。

 you want to say what my method is， like what I think like my pickup method is。

 here's how I think of it。😡，Whenever you're operating through the ego and you're trying to get someone to react to you。

 you're seeking a reaction to self-s， that is taking value。 Would you guys agree。

 How does it feel when someone is speaking with you and trying to self-se by manipulating your reactions。

 good or bad， right， Would you say icky right， It's icky feeling。😡，Imagine being a chick。😀は。😊，Man。

 oh man， you wonder why girls are so quick to walk off at the first sign of I don't like this。

 all right， because guys are always trying to take value， it's an instinct。

When someone is communicating authentically， that's also why I said the idea of being a good person。

 having integrity， people can sense when you're trying to take value from them。

 and when you're just offering value， it's amazing how people will respond。 You know。

 great exercise that we do on boot camp a lot。 I'll say， look。😡，I'm going to say a word。

And just go up to them and just start talking them about your thoughts on it。

And I'll be like the wall， Okay， you go up。And just I'll， look， no reaction。😡。

When you think about your criteria for success， like the criteria for whether or not it worked。😡。

Don't make the criteria how they responded。 your only criteria was you put yourself out there and you're true to yourself。

 You just said what you thought in the moment。 All right so you go up and say， oh， you know。

 there's the wall， it's gray， has some cool things on it， I like that walls are good。 you know。

 they help us to break up different rooms to lower sound problems isnsn't it nice。

 and it's amazing how you know， when you do that， it opens right。

 You guys ever heard you can open with anything。 you can open with anything。 You can a。😡。

I need to pee so bad。 too Okay， All right， Okay， cool， you know， So the thing is， okay。

 you could open with that。 babies andive。 What's that Oh yeah， no， none of that。 All right。

 No psychoists， even if you're really psycho。 All right。😊，Essentially。

 when you're just offering value， that's an attractant。And when you're trying to take value。

 that's a repellent。😡，All right。Now， here's the formula， here's how I see it。😡。

How many use are there。How many one， right？How many people have your exact life experience and your exact perspective？

😡，Just one， right。 Now， we've talked about how human beings， we have a socially created reality。

 You guys remember that。 We'll bring some of that full circle。 If we have a socially created reality。

Then we always enjoy interacting with people， but if you're interacting with someone and they're trying to self-s by giving you knowledge to generate reactions。

 is that really giving you authentic information or perspectives or vibes or whatever right so your mind goes no。

 but when someone's just being authentic， there's so many levels like look even just talking about the wall all right there's little ways in the way that you speak。

 just maybe like the state that you're in， maybe little things about your perspective。

 maybe the way that you joke around， maybe the way you shake hands。

 maybe the way you make eye contact and if it's authentic， people are learning things from it。😡。

All right， that's why when a guy goes out in the forest alone for too long， What happens， crazy。

 right， Okay So people need that。 We need connection with people， right。

 And so that's why when you go up when you're just offering value， you're being you。

 you're not self-seeking， you're offering value。That's a beautiful thing。 It's amazing。

And so if I had to size up my method。Into one expression， I would say offering value。

 and if I want to get more specific， I would call this self amusement。😡，Okay。

Se amusement is like the whole style that I love。So what that means is this。 Most guys are going up。

 And here's what they're doing。 They're like， okay。

 I'm gonna talk about this topic that she'll probably like and this topic that women probably respond to。

 And then they go up。 They're kind of out of state。 They throw out their opener or whatever。

 and they're trying to get her to respond。 What I do。

 And what I want you guys to do as an experiment is I want you to try self amusing。 And this is。

Awesome， awesome shift in perspective。 and the results that you'll get from this will rock your world。

 Essential， what you do is you walk up and you just try to self amuse。

 You just walk up and say things that pump your own state。Say things that you find funny。

 even if they're silly， even if they're ridiculous。 You guys know Aussie。Okay， Ausies。

 like when I first met Aussie， this guy's getting amazing results。

 I didn't understand back then and he would open with silliness。

 like he would walk up and and he'd be like， and he's like， you like it。You like it。He's like。

 he's like。It's nice， It's nice， right， And I was like， what are you doing， right？ And he's like。

 go ti， go ti， right？ And then he's like， and he's like， you want to touch。 Yeah，ha It's like， oh。

 you， it's nice。 It's nice， right？ And Im and I'm like， what is this， What is he doing。

 What is this guy doing。😊，What is going on here？I didn't know， okay。

 I couldn't figure out what was going on， and I'm like， how could he get away with that？😡。

How the reason why is because Auszzies nuts and that amuses him。 Okay， He's fully amused by that。

 As long as what you're doing amuses you。 Remember what we said。

 it's not about what is necessarily interesting by the content to the other person。 Like。

 say a girl's interested in fashion。 You don't have to go up and talk about fashion。

 She's interested in knowing what you find interesting。😡。

She wants to know what is interesting to you。 She wants to know what's funny to you。

 So when you walk up and look， when you're with your friends， right。

 you guys are joking around and then you bring her into the party。

 that is offering so much value to her。 It's so exciting and's so interesting。

 And it's so much the opposite of every ch out there。So look。

 this is like a shift in thinking like you're like， okay。

 I'm going to go up and I'm going to try and get a reaction， no。

 you've got to get used to making jokes that you like， get your own little expressions。

 get your own little inside jokes。😡，Number one distinction。

 I'd say between getting attraction and not is this when you're bringing the party。😡。

She's interested。 when you're trying to wedge your way into her party， she's repelled。

You guys ever experienced that when you and your friends are having fun and someone's trying to get into the party。

 what feeling does that give you？😡，What if they're having the most fun in the club and then they come over？

😡，Oh， hey， yeah， right， Your personality is going to be completely， completely different。So。

 this is why。Being authentic。I's so much better than just trying to think and be a social chameleon。

 All right， the integrity and the centeredness is always going to be stronger than the social chameleon。

 Being a social chameleon can come in handy， you know， But for the most part。

 when it comes to attracting women that raw integrity is going to have such a stronger pull of attraction than being the chameleon。

All right， now， look， remember， we talked about approaching with a full cup versus an empty one。Well。

 that's the thing， think of state， emotional state as being that full cup。😡。

We talked about presence being contagious。So it's like。If this is you。😡，And that's presence。

 And the girl's mind is chaotic。Like that。What you're doing is you're providing。You know。

 that centeredness that keeps her。😡，You know， feeling good herself。All right。

 that's the value that you offer as a man。That's why we describe it like， you know。

 you're the oak tree。 She's a squirrel running around。 your value as a man。Is in many ways。

 very much tied into you being connected to your power as a man， you being present。You know。

 you knowing who you are and not self seeking。😡，In other people's responses to you。All right。

 so look。Think about wounds， guys。 Let's think about them。 All right。I'll go first when I was a kid。

 I was at camp。And I whizz the bed。The camp counselors took the sleeping bag。

And hung it out on the clothesline rack。 And then everyone said， hey。

 why is your sleeping bag up there？And I said， ohh， I spilled a Coke on it。Okay。Who's going next？

That， give me one。And you got to yell loud， by the way。 Yeah， I'm pretty loud。

You couldn't notice when I was in high school I was a new kid and everyone well not everyone because the children didn't mess with me but pretty much all the popular kids just used to fuck with me I mean I was on a football team didn't matter I'd be in practice I'd be running they'd be running the other way like doing sprints you know。

 and he was just fucking like truck me Yeah beat my ass it suck who heres had stuff like that happened to them。

Yeah， okay。Go for it。When I was like in elementary school， I think it was fifth grade。

 I used to have temper tanrums and start crying a lot and my teacher told me to go on the couch if I had to do that and one day I went and did that and she had the whole class in up and applaud to me。

Like not to be singled out， but yeah。Frying。Who heres ever been centered out for being a cry baby or something like that in class。

😊，Because， all right， who's got another one。Shoot。Speak up loud， by the way。

 Spak to the whole crowd loud。 Once I began trouble with the law and I got put away for about three days and the girl that I was date at the time ended up speaking with five other dudes and my friends。

Yeah。Victory， all right， yeah。All right， okay， who's ever had a girl cheat on them while they're away for whatever reason。

Yup， all right， who's ever had a girl sheet on them for being in jail。 All right。

 Who's got Another one， yep， shoot。😊，I at the just friend speech from the first 17 girls I talked to。

 Je friends， Yeah， you're a really nice guy who should be Who here has ever had that。 Y。

 who's got another one。Go for it。Loud。I was a really fat and ner kid in high school。

 I thought I was so ner。对。The Asian math my wasnAll right。

 anyone here ever had their girlfriend stolen by a math president？😊。

Who here has ever had their girl go to an even nerier guy than you though。Yep， all right。

 who's got another one。Shoot him guys， who's got one。Ken。When I was in primary school。

 I kind of had I guess you call it ADD we didn't diagnose it back then。

 but I was so disruptive that my teachers separated me after the rest of the class and put me in the table in the corner room on my own。

 so I couldn't talk to any other children。For two years。啊哈哈。😊，Nice， give a hand for that one。

 two years of isolation。Nice。Sorry， did they feed you at least I rats the rats。

 Who here ever ate rats。Oh。Okay， all right。What's that I ate a go， I a squirrel That's pretty。

Awesome， all right。So look， I mean， what we're learning here。Is that the more personal the wound。

 the more universal it is。 And what that means is that we all have some brutal failures。

 brutal humiliations， brutal wounding。 Every single person has them， All right and。😡。

What happens when you don't realize that is you think that it's your identity。

 That's what makes you different from everybody else。 So look at it this way。

 Do you make an identity about having a hand。No are you like， look at this hand。 It's horrifying。

 No has five fingers with a six finger。 I could be like the guy from who played the six finger piano man in Gatica。

 All right， Do you think that。Everyone's like， what the fuck was that come from，Editor， all right。

 look okay。Some here， some of here。 All right， so。Look。

 you can't make an identity out of that because everyone has it。😡，You can。 You can try。

 but it won't work。The same thing with wounds， right， we have these wounds that， you know。

 embarrassing humiliating things and on some unconscious level， on an ego based level， the ego says。

 well， here's the wounds and here's all the buffering around it。 Okay， so look。

Here's this like personalized wound right here that you have。 okay， maybe you ate ras for two years。

 maybe you you know did what you know got beat up in school all right。

 and so there's the wound and the ego structure is like the scar。 Do you guys see that。😡。

The ego is like the scar tissue。 and it goes， wm， w w w w， more and more and more， right。

 It's like this girl I hooked up with， you know， this thing， this money that I got。

 this other thing that I got， you know， this other stating that I got。 It goes like that。

 So how do we get rid of the ego。之后就可人得咁啊实都。そ。You know what you got to do。

 You have to accept both your good and your bad。 You have to realize that the more personal it is。

 the more universal that it is， and you have to accept the wound。Because it's when you can finally。

 finally， as you get older。Reach a level where you accept yourself both for your positive size and your flaws。

 When you stop just looking at the surface level of people and all the glitziness and the glamour。

 and you realize that we're all human beings。 and we're all kind of made up in the same sort of way。

 when you can look past that。😡，And come to this kind of level。It's all good， right。

 There's a click that takes place。 and you become what's called comfortable in your own skin。

 Everyone here heard that expression comfortable in your own skin。😊，And to me。

 it's the guys that are really comfortable in their own skin。 when you reach that level。

 That's when you can walk up to a girl real casual。 you know， say what's up。

 And you're so comfortable in your own skin。 You don't qualify yourself。 You don't react to her。

 None of that kind of nonsense。 And that creates that nice， steady， silky， smooth state。 You know。

 we describe like an egobased confidence。 like egobased confidence is like this。 Look。

 I opened this said， they responded。 well， I opened this girl。 She responded well。

 And then your ego is going what's called a feeding frenzy。It's going！Youum。Yum， right， right。

 I approached this girl。 She was， she loved me。 I approached this girl。 She loved me。 You're like。

 this is a shit。 We're dominating。 Allright， and that's like the ego feeding frenzy。

 That's that high where you've got the two cables going like that。And hey， what's wrong with that？

 Is there anything that's necessarily wrong with that， No， I mean， having success is great。 But yeah。

 it burns out when you go home after that intense night where you're having the ego feeding frenzy。

 a lot of the time you feel tired right， You feel like I can't keep surging And everyone ever had that。

 It's like a marathon。 I can't keep doing this。 It gets tires you out。

 Do you want why it tires you out because it is clasping。

 it's reaching there's the subtle difference in state can be found between just feeling good versus like you're feeling good。

 but there's sort of this weird。Sort of shellac of neediness that's there。

 It's almost undedetectable where you feel yourself reaching for the next reaction。You know。

 like you feel good， but you've got that little bit of anxiousness in you。

 that little bit of adrenaline of whether or not。You're going to get that next response that you're looking for。

And it's not sustainable。 All right， it's that old term obtainable， but not sustainable。 So you see。

 you can get into state and you can maintain it for a little while， but it's not permanent， I it？

 And is that not the holy grarail， permanentman state。That's every guy's holy grail， right。

 Like when you have stayed in that nightclub and you're like， this is awesome。

 I wish I was like this all the time。 I want to be this guy。 That's the guy that I want to be。 Well。

 an egobased confidence could never really fully achieve that。 Allright。

 And as you guys learn about the ego， I want you to keep your eyes out for celebrities who you see。

 who have it all and go totally fucking bonkers。😡，All right， really， watch it。 And you know what。

 you can watch it。 And it's a very interesting thing to see。 But remember。

 we need to have more sympathy of anything， because if you have that much attention thrown at you。

 your mind will do crazy， crazy， crazy things。 All right。

 your mind will play all sorts of insane games with you。😊，As kids。You know。

 we come into this world feeling good， right， we。Social and able to speak with people and feeling good about ourselves for no reason at all。

And we get older， and we become more accomplished， and we grow， we become better。 But in many ways。

 we don't even feel as good as we did when we were kids。😊，We don't have that good feeling anymore。

And as we grow up， all the stimulation comes in。All the different things that are designed to sort of。

 you know， suck up our attention， make us chase， make us move。

 move us towards our deferred life plan。And we accept a lot of negativity within ourselves because we think the ends justifies the means。

 We accept a lot of victim thinking in ourselves because we think that that's going to motivate us towards you know。

 bigger and better things rather than just taking right action and creating just to create。

 creating just for the sake of it。And so。This sort of brings me back to， like。

When I first got into studying success with women。And。

I think the biggest thing I wanted to know was what went wrong with me。

That was what I wanted to know I wanted to know。How did this happen？What， you know。

 I'm sure that I was O。 I I remember a time when I was okay。 How did I get like this， How did。

 how did it come to pass that I couldn't just approach girls confidently or I couldn't know get a girlfriend like。

 what what had come to pass that caused this and。You know。

 the journey of writing the blueprint for me。😡，Has been about digging deep in。

 like going deep into myself， very deep into my mind， right。

 spending long nights like really thinking and analyzing and know。

 feeling what was going on up there and trying to think what went wrong and。You know。

 by the time I was writing the blueprint， it was no longer what just went wrong with me。

 but it's what went wrong with everybody。 practically， what went wrong here， What's going on， right？

 And I wanted to know。You know， it's like that journey， like， you know。

 going deep into the force of your own mind and finding out， you know， who you really are。

 what you're all about。 And that is why。For me， it was never about the outcome。

 but it was more about。know not about the monetary outcome of writing a book or anything like that。

 but it was about finding out who I am right and the deeper that I went， the more that I discovered。

😡，And that's what I want to encourage you guys to do is go more and more deeply in。All right。

 because look， all of you were born fine。Every single one of you were born happy。 You were born fine。

 and something came along that might have moved you away from that。

But you can refine that self esteem， right， You can heal those wounds。

 You can remove all that excess structure around yourself。 You can look into it。 You can learn it。

And you can find that self esteem again， okay， and you can be happy。And in the process of doing it。

 we teach all this other great stuff like learning abundance with women， because in a lot of ways。

 not being successful with women is a huge， dark cloud that can you cloud over every other accomplishment。

 And so you learn that， too。 You learn about social interaction。 learn about people。😊。

Because I guess。The way that I kind of view people。Nowadays。Is。

Rather than looking at every single person， like when I look in somebody's eyes， right。

Rather than seeing them as the other。 right， and as we call that， the objectifying eye of the other。

 rather than seeing the other， the way that I see it in my mind is a bit more like this。

Right through here。This is like。All the energy in the world almost。 you can think of it like that。

 like。Whatever it is。That provides us with the energy to move around， to live， provides life。

 all that kind of stuff。 That's how I sort of think about it。And what people are to me。

Is almost like。Think of it like a Bristol board right， And on one side of the Bristol board。

 you have this big bright light， this huge light。😡，And。In that bristle board。

 there's little holes punched in， like just sort of punched in like that。好看。And to me。

 that's what a human being is。 That's what we all are。 Like， you know， you see trees。

 you see all this energy， all this matter。 And that this is sort of like that universal intelligence that makes all of that that creates all of that。

 And in the eyes， that's how I see it。Like right in the eyes when， you know。

 when I look someone in the eyes and I'm speaking with them。

What I don't see necessarily somebody else， but what I see is a hole， right？From underneath。

 I see the light coming through。 That's what I try to really see。And so， you know。

 when you're speaking with a woman， right， you don't necessarily have to look at her and judge her or assume that she's judging you。

But rather， you can just see that sort of self coming through。😡，That is absolutely。The core of this。

 to me is the whole self is coming through thing You guys ever heard that expression。

 the self is coming through， right， like the idea that。You know， if you found yourself selfeststem。

 you found yourself self esteem， You could do a dorky like， why do we get nervous， right。

 it's a performance anxiety。 So I think I have to act like this， I have to act like that。

 But when you've reconnected with your self-esteem， you outframe all that。

 you can do this dorky thing。 You can make yourself look stupid and people are still like， oh。

 he's cool。Because he has self esteem。Anything that you think is bad about you。

Without self esteem is an embarrassment。But your flaws in the presence of self esteem are quirks。

 They're endearing quirks。Think about that。 The things about you that you might be embarrassed about are only bad if you。

 if you're disconnected from your self esteem， Think of people in your life who you've seen。Who。

 even though they have things that most people might consider to be embarrassing。It's just quirky。

 It just makes them cool。 Like those dorky things about them makes them awesome， right？ And so to me。

 that's what it really is。 The self is always coming through。 And so when you're looking at the girl。

 it's so natural to just be able to approach as a natural。 And you can just look her in the eye。😊。

And rather than seeing the other， again， the objectifying other， you see yourself in all people。

And what if they act bad， Well you and say， okay。Whatever。

 they're acting bad because they're caught up in the ego， right， They're being less conscious。

 But ultimately， you don't make an identity for them out of it and you don't make an identity for yourself。

Out of all of those external things。And this is what allows people to connect with each other。😡。

This is what allows people to stop trying to push each other down and things like that。

And it's amazing because。In studying this stuff， I met a huge range of people。

I met some people who had incredibly powerful ego based confidence。

 and they could pull the girl as long as they're getting the reactions they want。

 but put them in a relationship， and they'll keep losing the girl。

 because when the circumstances don't line up the way they want。

They lose their confidence and the girl leaves。And then I saw other guys who were very deeply connected to their selfeststem who not only lived in phenomenal abundance with women。

 like insane， you know， rock star levels of abundance， but。It was just so natural。

 they never had a problem maintaining a relationship。

 but they had great relationships with everybody。And again。

 that comes from that selfestseeem type thing， okay， getting over。

 comparing yourself to other people， getting over， finding your identity based on where you are on the totem pole。

😡，So I guess that's really what I want for all of you guys。 All right。

 I want you guys to realize from the seminar that you can feel good。

 that you can feel good independently of other people's reactions。

 that you can generate your own state， that there's all these things that people chase in order to get themselves to feel good。

 But ultimately， it's not what they really want。 That's not what they're really chasing。

 They just think that that's what's gonna to do it because they're not seeing the depth。

 They're only looking at the surface。😊，And， you know， for me， in writing this book。

This was something that。You know， it was a life goal of mine， right？To， you know。

 to do the blueprint， create this seminar and to eventually record the seminar。

 This was like a major life goal of mine。 Okay， And it's something that I've worked on for years and years。

And it's something that。You know， I put everything that I had into it because the joy of offering value。

 like every minute that I did it， I loved it。 I couldn't。

 I didn't want to let go of it because I enjoyed it so much that you I got so much enjoyment out of the offering of value that。

I didn't want to like govid。 you know， It was something that I wanted to just share with people and make a difference。

 I had this grand concept of how I was going to just change things and you know。

 make make a difference in people's lives and make something that we could like tap into people's motivation to become successful girls and make them into better people。

 right。So I've been hanging onto this thing for such a long time。

 just working on it and just imagining for years and years now about what it would be like and what this seminar would be like。

 how it would go down， how I would be， how people would get what they would get out of it and stuff like that。

And。Yeah， you know， this， this is it， right， Like， I've been doing this for all these years。

 just for this moment。 You know， this is it。 and nothing will will compare to。To what。

 to the enjoyment that I got doing in， nothing could compare to that， all right。Nothing。

But I could put it out there for other people to get something out of it。

 and they can find what they need out of it， and they can take that lesson out of it。So。You know。

 without you guys here to enjoy this， I probably wouldn't have had the motivation， you know。

 and for people believing in me and for people you know， wanting to see what we're about。

So that's really what I wanted for you guys。You know， we created this energy together。

 And now you guys are going take it out with you。 So I want to thank you guys so much for coming out and learning about the blueprint。

 Thank you for making this possible。 And thank you for being a part of it。

 And thank you for letting me offer this value， because it means so much to me。

 I can't even explain it。 So thank you very much。😊，👏来下一次。Thank you guys。

