# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：16.自我预言实现、逆向合理化与赋格【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

F day。 All right， can you guys see him s。 Yeah， okay。 All right， look。😊。

We've been going deeper and deeper。 Okay， deeper down the rabbit hole here。 All right。

 and what this program has been about， like I said before。This is not designed。

To be egobased learning。 All right， like I said， egobased learning is like， okay， I have to know。

 like， okay， I want to learn how to be good with women。 There's all these different。

 you know tidbits of information out there that I have to learn before I can feel confident to go out。

 All right， Do you guys remember how we talked about you know。

 the different pillars in your reality and what not， Well， for a lot of guys， isn't it funny。

 just having read all of the how to get girls theory for them when they walk up to a girl。

 they feel like that's what makes them good at getting girls。

 That is like where they get their confidence from。 It's like， I've been through all this。

 And then maybe they think， oh， well， there's this other piece of information I don't have yet。

 Maybe I'm not ready to be good with girls before I have that piece of information。

 Well this program is about。It's a little bit of a different approach than that。

 At least that's my intention for how you take it is up to you。

 But the way that I intended it to be taken was it's like。We start off。

Over here it social conditioning。And then we move over here towards a place of self esteem。

Authenticity， that kind of thing。 Allright。 And so everything that I've been talking about here。

In this sort of immersion， this four day immersion has been designed to give you little signpost to move you there。

 All right， to move you over there。 So what that basically means is like when you think of why we do this for four days because。

 you know， this program for me is like an accordion。 I could do a one hour version。

 I could do a10 day version。The reason why we do a nice four day long program is so that you have taken four days out of your time。

For a full immersion。 Allright， you have been surrounded by it。 All of your peers in this group。

Are immersed in it。 Allright， and it's funny because this is almost like our reality right now。 Like。

 this is my reality。 I feel like I've been here forever， you know， right you know。

 like just my whole life is like being in this seminar。 That's how it feels right now。

 And it's funny because this seminar。 I mean， this is the fourth day。 You know， it will。

 it will come to an end， right， and it will be like this sort of blur。😊，In your mind， like these。

 these like intense four days of like， you know， self examination and。

There'll be a couple things that you remember out of it。

 maybe like a couple sort of key pieces that you remember out of it。

 But what I want you to get out of it more than anything is like that vibe。 All right。

 like that feeling in your body。 If you could just get that out of it。 All right。

 like that drawing state from within that feeling good and seeing the depth and things to me。

 that would be like just the most incredibly massive success that I could hope for in doing this。

 All right， So let's keep going more you know， down the path and towards that path。

 we've been talking a lot about。Internalization， All right。

 And so what internalization means is when you have something on a level where you never have to think about it ever again。

 Allright， And remember， we talked about the theme for this program。 deep identity level change。

 Allright， that's really what we've shaped real social dynamics to be about， right。

 are sort of like easy to grasp identity is deep identity level change。 Allright。

 And that's what I'm looking for here。 Allright， that's why our other programs is called transformations。

 Okay， You don't really， our programs are not typically called like， you know， how to， you know。

 get host in different area codes are like how to you know， how you know， how to have like。You know。

 be a big pimper or whatever。 It's like， you know if you look at like the way that I've entitled these programs for you guys is like。

 you know， foundations， transformations， you know， the blueprint， right， things like that， you know。

 like like that's kind of， you know， even with like， say the Jeffie show， for example。

 Like that's sort of like an expression of Jeffy's life and， and the almost absurd nature of that。

 All right， That's the kind of stuff that you know。

 the kind of directions that I just love to see people thinking。

 And So that's why we do it like that。But in terms of internalization， look。

We talked yesterday about these success barrierers。 Okay， so we have success bears。

 We all have a fear of our own success because things will change。

 Our friends might not like us anymore。 Our bearings will not make sense anymore。 Allright。

 we have certain bearings of how the world works。 And when we move beyond， right。

 remember that little place in the totem pole， when we move up， our world stops making sense。

 Allright， it forces us it forces up to us to have to think more。

 It forces us to have to learn the ins and outs of a new lifestyle。 Alright。

 because if you think about it， look， what are some of these new ins and outs。 Let's allright。

So let's come up with your most。😡，Utterly egobased fantasy of what it would be like to be awesome with women。

 Alright， let's just think about this。 Now， let's have fun with it。 Allright， maybe， you know。

 you know， the kind of jokes like， you know， the giant purple pillow just surrounded by a harem of gorgeous women of different shapes and sizes and colors and stuff like that all super hot just feeding you grave some massaging you and rubing oil on your body and like。

 you know， eating whipped cream off of each other。 All right， Okay， right。

 like what like can you guys， anyone have any， they want to throw out there。

 did did I just like nail it or did I nail it， Okay， so look。😊，When you think about that， you know。

 it sounds great。 And in many ways， the entire success with women industry is fueled by that sort of like。

 you desire that guys have。And， O， it sounds great。 But let's say， let's say ask ourselves。

 what if we， what if you got it， What if we got it， right， Like， what if you had that。

Would you be ready to handle that？😡，Well， there's certain psychological factors that are at work here。

 Alright， so you guys know how we say that success barriers are bad。 You guys have all heard that。

 right， Succ barriers are bad。 Okay， We hate success barriers。

 We must blow through all success barriers。Why would our minds have something that bad？Yeah。

 what is it and what's it protecting you from from something useful in a context。

 What's that the unknown， may not able handle Yeah， might not be able to handle it， You know。

 you might be put into paralysis。 Remember， we spoke yesterday about how if you're always looking at like different belief systems all the time and you're not cemented in some kind of reality。

 You would just be in total disarray， what would happen if you got put in a position of being the president or prime minister。

 Everybody's on you。Everybody's on you， right， How much criticism does George Bush take， right？

 You know what I'm saying， okay， let's say that you don't like George Bush。

 sayy that you like Clinton。How much criticism did Clinton take。

 How do you guys like it when you find out some of your friends have been trash talking you behind your backs。

 Do you like that， No， How would you feel if there's entire channels dedicated to ripping on you。

 Okay， right and， and like there's like。P。What do you know like did be high profile。

 Think about this。 You've got like people like comedians that are imitating you for a living。

 Think about what this is like。 Okay， taking your mannerisms， imitating you for a living。

 you've got like， you know， political satire magazines tooling your， you know， tooling your policies。

 You've got the media， you do this like some great interview， right。

 You do an amazing interview and the media takes like some little clip of it out of context。

 print a massive headline and tries to represent you in whatever way they think will sell newspapers。

 Okay， You also， I mean， that's more like the egobased stuff。

 How about the fact that you're just responsible for the whole friin country。😊，How about that one。

 All right， Like what kind of see we look at our leaders and we're very quick to criticize， you know。

 and I can probably look at any leader and just run them into the ground and criticize。

 But at the same time， maybe there should be a level of empathy there because look the kind of social pressure that these guys are dealing with the way that their reality has to be set up to be under that kind of a spotlight。

 the way that the way that their mind has to be prepared for that to be able to function well to make the right decisions。

 even if other people are don't like it， but they know that it's the right decision。

 those kinds of things， they have to be groomed for that from almost from like a young age right they have to have at some point in their lives said。

I'm gonna be a leader and and have started to groom their minds and their day to day behaviors to go in that kind of a direction。

 So how about is a guy who， who would have the giant purple pillow and the sort of like Greek style harem of your。

 you know， feeding you grapes and whatnot。 Is it as simple as that。 Like。

 do you just get all these girls on you。 And that's it。 right， real simple， right。

 Like you just got all these girls on you。 And you just kind of lie there and bliss forever。

 And that's your life。Is that how， No， that's not how it works， first of all。

Coming from the most basic of basics， say that those women are giving you like congruence tests all the time because attractive women will tend to do that。

 If you're， if you're not centered in your reality， that's going to start to mess with you， right。

 That's starting to mess with your head。 How about if the girl is more attractive。And and is。

 you know， more attractive than you perceive yourself as being。

 Let's say that you perceive yourself as being， you know。

 this attractive and you perceive her as being this attractive。 Well， now all of a sudden。

 you're nervous， you know， your outcome dependent around her。

 And if you think that you're gonna to lose her， that might cause a lot of pain， right。

 Like if your unconscious mind understands that you'd be devastated by being broken up with。

What's it gonna to do to protect you， Try to keep it。 Yeah， try to。

 try to keep it together and also success bearers， maybe even put you in a situation where you wouldn't even get the relationship in the first place。

Yeah， self sabotage。 Okay， your your unconscious mind will do that。 What else， what else。

 How about this， do you think that other guys are cool with it when you've got the big ham。

 you've got a bunch of the， you know， as I was kind of joking about， yesterday。

 the wandering nomad type guys trying to get in on there and get， get his seed up in there。 Allright。

 Okay， as is the the bizarre human nature。 so。If you really think about it。How about jealousy。

Have you guys ever felt jealous towards a girl that you're dating？

What if you've got a big group of women and they're super attractive when， okay。

 who here is ever dated like a super attractive woman who gets hit on 50 to 100 times a day。

 anyone ever done that？😡，Right， and did she come home and sort of like tell you these stories about guys that approach her on the street。

 or maybe like you check her My space。 And there's all these orbiter choses that are all like giving your little text messages。

 hey， what's up， Hey， good to see you with the club。 You know， that kind of stuff， Allright。😊。

How about the guy that's， you know， oh， yeah， I'm all into like， you know， this kind of music。 Hey。

 you should come check this out， right， And she's like， she's like， what， she's like， I have friends。

 what， I want to go check out his music。 bh， b， right， And， of course。

 that's like the smoothest type of guy there is， right， You know。

 those are the guys that are gonna hook up with your girlfriend。 So the thing is。😊，Right。

 it's not that cheesy guy who's like， yo， what's up girl。 right。

 That's not the guy you got to worry about。 It's like a laid back dude who's just totally cool about it。

 Allright， so the thing is is like， as a guy， when you have success with women。

 you have continually all these other dudes that that are like， you know， vying for your girls。

 All right， Have you guys who had attracted girlfriends ever have guys that hated on you because I knew that you were her boyfriend。

Okay so you've got haters， you've got people that want your position all right。

 when you're when you're a prime minister or a president of a country。

 all these other people want your position and it's like remember like when you're a kid and you play like the king of the castle game and these like other kids are trying to pull you off so they can get up there and they're like now I'm the king of the castle and someone pulls him off when you're in any kind of position of high status no matter what it is。

😡，Your world is gonna go into disarray。 So a lot of the concepts that we've been speaking about this weekend are the kind of concepts that allow you to center yourself and to be in that type of position with ease。

 Allright， because you want to know something， Let me tell you the the God's honest truth。

 being in a position of high status。Once you understand it。Is easy。

It's no more difficult than being in a position of low status。 In fact。

 once you've completely come into alignment with it。

 it's actually easier than being of low status and dealing with all the selfate and meddiiocrity that goes with that。

It's getting there and dealing with， you know， the headaches of all this new social pressure。

 That's the difficult point。 And that's where the success barriers come in。

 So you're thinking yourself， okay， I want to learn how to get that perfect 10。

 But you've got to ask yourself， am I even could I even emotionally handle that。

 Who here has ever got a phone number of a girl that you really， really liked。

 and then you were nervous to call。 ever had that， It's that same factor。

 if you're on a level where you're even nervous to call that girl。

 How are you gonna feel when you're dating her。Right， you're thinking you want to date her， right。

 You're nervous。 oh， I'd really love to be dating this girl。 But at the same time。

 if you're nervous to even call her on the phone， Are you really emotionally ready to be dating her。

 you know， right now， I'm not saying you shouldn't do it I'm not saying that at all。 In fact。

 I would say just the opposite。 If you're nervous to call a girl on the phone is super attractive。

 You should call her anyway， you should try to date or see if it works sooner or later。

 you will get a great girl and then deal with all the nonsense that comes with that。

 And you know what you learn you go well， Yeah， a lot of nonsense did come with it and I act like a dumb ass and I learn from it。

 All， that's what's gonna happen。 I mean， like for me personally。

 I had to screw up several relationships with different girls by making complete dumb ass out of myself before I learned to chill out right before I hit a level where like my girlfriend can come home be like。

 oh， this guy was talking to bla， blah and I'm just like， oh。That's nice。 You know， cool， right。

 And I just don't even care about it。 I just get on with my day。 I had to learn from that nonsense。

 Allright， I would encourage you guys to go to make mistakes。😊，Okay， go out and make mistakes。

 Go out and learn lessons。 I'm not saying you should try to make mistakes。

 but put yourself in a position where mistakes might occur。 And if they don't occur。

 then that's good， too。Alright， so that's what the success barrier is。

 That's why you may feel you know， blocked。 Allright， That's what these unconscious barriers are。

 And isn't it kind of funny that with all of these unconscious barriers in place。

 and they're massive。 that guys will come into a program about success with women hoping to come out。

 just fixed immediately。 right， F me。 is not like that's like the classic magic pill desire of the newbie。

 Like I thought I would just get fixed that you could fix me， right， And that's the thing。

 The concepts that we're talking about here。 How do you get good with them。 All right。

 we've talked about these concepts this weekend， Look we talked about being in the moment。

 Does that mean that you necessarily went out last night and like。

 I learned that I need to be in the moment。 It's all fixed now。 The problem solved。 thanks。

 it's not like that。 But the point is that by learning about it。

 what we've done is we planted a seed。 So maybe you go out tonight。

 and you're stuck in your head and then you screw something up。 And then you go， oh， Yeah。

 that doesn't serve me。 That's not a behavior that helps me。 That doesn't serve me。

But then maybe later， you become more， as we said， you know， self forgetting。

 right And you're more in the moment。 And then it works amazing。 And then you go， oh， yeah， okay。

 right， And then say that you have that knowledge。 And it's in your mind for， say， a year。😊，Well。

 after a year。The amount of time that you spend fuddling around scattered in your head versus the amount of time that you're in that nice zone that you want to be in。

 the ratio will slowly start to tilt more in your favor。 Look。

 even if you're only in the right zone 5% of the time。 And by next year， you're in that right zone。

10% of the time。 you've doubled it。 So be happy， right， Maybe maybe within five years。

 you'll be there half the time。 You know， it just， you know， this stuff takes time。 And you。

 and by the way。Just as a sort of side attention to that， you guys。

 you guys might think that getting to your destination is so great and that all the stuff that you go through to get there is like a problem。

That's not really true。 You know what I'm saying， like。Life， that's not what life is about， right。

 Life is about moving towards that sort of， you know， core self and that authenticity。

 and the journey that you take to get there。 that's the journey that's meant to be enjoyed。

 All right， so even if it's difficult to get there， that's fine。 That's your man， that's your life。

 right That's your life。 That's， that's， that's totally fine。

 as much as I would love to snap my fingers and just be the man that I want to be someday。😊，You know。

 I wouldn't I wouldn't change the fact that there's a journey to get there。All right。So， look。

Here's where things。Get kind of。Jeddi like。 Allright。

 guys ever watched the movie returnturn to the Jedi。 You like it。 Yeah。

 which ones your Who here is favorite one is Star Wars。 Put up your hand。 The first one。😊。

Who here likes number two， the best。Who here likes number3 the best。m just curious。 Allright。

 this is about half split between number two and number 3。 I used to like number two the best。

 but now I like number3， the best。 Allright， so。Kind of a nerd。

You guys remember the part where Luke says he's like， what does he do at the start of it， he says。

He's， he's， he's like， you will let me in or something like that。 What does he say。

 Any hardcore nerds here。What does he say to them， Yeah， like he says， he's Yeah， Yeah， yeah， yeah。

 yeah' he's like。What's that， Yes， yes， your master will be pleased with you。

 These are not the droids you're looking for。 Allright， And he's like， yes， okay。😊。

That's kind of a funny one。 I think all go okay， between that and the movie， the matrix。 You know。

 the movie， the matrixtri where Neo， if he believes that he can jump over the building， he'll jump。

 But if he doubts it for even one second， he falls to the ground。

 I think that both of those movies connect with all guys on some level。

 doesn't it right on some level， whether you want to admit it or not， you see that， you're like。

 yeah， there's something there man， There's something about that。 And the reason why as guys。

 we connect with that is because we've all had those like you know。

 Neo in the matrix moments or you know， Jedi moments where we had that total belief。

 And maybe it was something as simple as just like， you know。

 someone went along with something you wanted to do。 maybe you're at a party。 you said。

 let's go over here and everyone would just totally into it。

 or maybe it was like with a girl All right， where you just totally LED the situation with full belief。

And。You know， to me。What's glorious about those moments is not just the fact that you got people to listen to you。

 I think that that's a symptom of it， but to me what's glorious about is like the way that you felt when you did it right like like you were feeling so good and then that stuff just started happening。

 but like really it's that good feeling that we kind of crave right that we kind of as guys。

 we love that you know that's why we do things like sports， martial arts。

 mountain climbing writing or anything that can just sort of lead us towards that feeling that's what we crave。

😡，Anyway， look， what I call that。Is anticipated responses。

And the guys who are very Jedilike with women。 Okay， remember， we talked about， as I've said。

 countless times this weekend， this stuff is not necessary to get a date。 This is the advanced stuff。

 This is the stuff where this is not necessary for your life， but rather as a hobbyist。

 If you as a hobbyist， just love this area。 Like you just。

 this is like your hobby and you're into it。 And you just want to see how far you can take it。

 understanding how anticipated responses work。 It's just one of those advanced level concepts。

 If you love this stuff and you love social dynamics and you just want to take it to the fullest。

 All right， that's what I'm talking about。 Now， look。When we think about anticipated responses。

 Another way of calling an anticipated response is an assumption。All right， guys。

 an anticipated response is the same thing as an assumption。

 So everyone has a certain reality of how they expect to be treated。So， look。

 your assumptions and anticipated responses are your map of how you expect the world to respond to you。

 which includes。Number one， whether a person of your status can expect to be treated badly or well。

 number two， whether people are generally trustworthy or manipulative， friend or mean。

 And number three， whether there's an abundanceancy or scarcity of people in the world who could like you Now。

 really want you guys to get into this。 Really think about it。 You have a certain， This is it， man。

 This is like， we want to get down to the core of what natural game is。

 it really comes down to your anticipated responses and your sense of reality。 So， look。

 look at yourself very carefully， give yourself a real thought about who you are in your reality。

 ask yourself， do you like yourself。Like， do I like myself， Ask yourself that， Do I like myself。

 Ask yourself， would I hang out with somebody like myself Oh yeah， man， Allright。

 Would I hang out with somebody like myself， Ask yourself if I saw a guy that looked like me with a really attractive girl。

 would I be like， what's that about or would I be like， of course he's with her。😊，Alright。

 really think about this。 And this is not just an inner game exercise， guys。

 This isn't like funky step number 6 to feeling really great。 Allright。

 This is like really getting down to the core of it。😊，There's a certain concept， we call it。

When when you believe that a girl can like you just for you。 So do you guys remember。

 I was talking about Tim when he'd come back from Europe and he could walk up to a growing big。

 Hello， my name' is Tim。 And you could， the women could just see that it was within his reality that he anticipated that response from them。

 He anticipated the positive response that girls would like him just for him。

I want you guys to slow down and think about all the ramifications that this has on every level。

 on all levels of your social interaction， because this simple。Anticipated response。Is。

 you could make an argument。 I don't know if this would be true。

 but you could definitely make a solid argument that this is everything。This is like the whole deal。

 really think about it。First of all， can you guys see the difference between someone who anticipates people to like them just for them versus someone who doesn't。

What are some of the differences， say that youre say that you're eating dinner with with someone who doesn't expect people to like。

 He doesn't expect you say you're having dinner with a friend。 Allright。

 one of the reasons I'll use like friends or guys as an example is because I think that having general social skills will instantly translate with attractive women。

 So I don't want to make this all about attractive women。

 So let's say you're having dinner with a guy friend。 Okay。

 and he doesn't believe he doesn't anticipate that you're gonna like him just for him。

 What are some of the behaviors you might have cautiousut or what else。

 You might talk like nonstop during dinner。 Yes， like trying speak up。

When you're just like trying to chill， you're just eating dinner and you're like， this is cool。

 you know， a nice restaurant。quiet and he'll just be like， dude， you know， right。

 And what does he want to do， He wants to show you good things about himself， right。

 He wants to paint that picture of like his life to show you all the cool stuff that he's done。

 And that's not inherently bad that's certainly not inherently bad， right。

 because people like to share their lives。 And And I think if someone has cool things their lives。

 I would love it if they share that with me。 But at the same time。

 isn't there a difference between sharing your life and the good things about your life。

 just as you're vibing versus when it's like that person has that feeling of lack inside and he needs you to understand that about him。

 He needs you to know those things about him before he can feel comfortable。

 Do you guys want to know one of the biggest pitfalls of becoming more high status。😊，Yeah。

 when you're， when you're around people who know how high status you are， you feel totally it is。

 you feel totally good。 But when you go into an environment where people have no idea who you are。

 you feel this urge to try to show them things about yourself so that they can see how high status you are approval seeking。

 right， And once they know who that that you're that kind of person， then you're at ease。

 But until that happens， you're not at ease。 And this is why when a guy walks up to a girl。

 and he does not anticipate that the girl will like him just for him。

 he's walking up and he's where in or out of his head。 And once he trying to process in his head。

 most about Y， absolutely right， How about what's that。

's not being who he is because he has to generate。Yeah。

 he's not being who he is because he has to generate his behavior。

 right And and like if you really think about it on the first level。

 we will learn like the first sort of like unenlighted level would be like， oh。

 like check out this watch girl and like yeah， I got this fat car girl， right。

 the second level when we learned the game were like， look at this cool routine right like you know。

 look at this like funky thing about yourself， I'm gonna show you right， And hey， look。

 having a great car you know， telling a girl great stories is awesome right。

 showing girls cool things or having like great stories to tell is an awesome thing。

 there's nothing inherently wrong with it at all。 But the question is。

 and this is the difference between the guys that are kind of you know。

 intermediate level success versus like the real pros。 And I'm talking like the real， real pros who。

 as I've said over and over， getting girls is just an afterthought right the guys that have such an abundance of women in their life that that even thinking about it is almost absurd because it's that abundant。

 for a guy who is on that level。😊，He can approach and sure he can spit great stories or， you know。

 the role plays or any of that kind of stuff if he wants or not。 But at the same time。

He's doing it from a place where it's just for fun as opposed to a place of lack。

 So you see what a lot of guys are doing。😊，Is they're like， if this is where it takes to feel good。

 That's the threshold。 They're starting down here。 and they're trying to tell all their stories and stuff to get to there as opposed to already being here and just trying to do it to build the vibe and to make it fun。

 Allright， So that's a huge difference。 Now， look， what's interesting is that people are always。😊。

Doing things。To cause their anticipated responses。To come true。

And isn't that ridiculous how that works。Allright， so look。Question。

Who is it easier to approach a girl who believes that she's highly attractive。

 like a really attractive girl or a girl who's not attractive。 Who's generally gonna respond better。

 Why is that， Why is that counterintuitive。 What do most guys think appreciate right。

 You go for the girl who's less attractive。Hey， man， isn't it simple， It's so simple。

If she's down here and you're up here， then it's obvious that when you approach。

 she'll be so appreciative， she'll be she' like， wow， this guy who's so much more attractive than me。

 He came and talked to me。 This is so cool。 This is the jackpot， Yes。😊，😀Okay， this is my lucky day。

 Yeah， this is， this is my lucky day。 This awesome guy came and approached me。 I'm so appreciative。

 Oh tell me more about yourself。 You're so awesome。 No， that's not how it works， Is it。

 What typically happens when you approach a girl who does not believe herself to be attractive。

 right， Okay， severe blowout， giant bitield。 essentially， oftentimes， not always， but oftentimes。

 she thinks that you're toying with her。 She thinks that you are patronizing her。

 she thinks you have an agenda。 So what does she do，😊，Look， think back to when you guys were young。

 Okay， for any of you guys here who are not good at all with women at all。

 like completely incompetent as was I。 did you ever have a situation where maybe like a couple girls who were kind of hyper or something walk by。

 They're like， oh， you're cute。 Did you guys ever have that， And then you're like。

 did you ever do this， You're like， whatever。Did you guys ever do that。

 I can remember doing that where like， I'm not saying it happen often because it might have happened about once every。

 you know， maybe once every two years。 But maybe， you know， I'd be like 15 years old or， you know。

17 years old walking through the mall。 And some girls would be like， oh， you're cute。 or hey。

 that's a cool shirt。 And I'd be like。Whatever， right， like as if like， oh yeah。

 you're just trying to like get with me。 right， I know the deal。 Okay。

 Isn't that interesting that people who are insecure always have to verbalize it that they know the deal。

 Have you guys ever noticed that， like， I know what you're trying to do to me， Okay。

 have you guys ever had girls who you come and you talk to。

 even if you're being totally genuine and they're like， I know you're trying to pick me up。

 or is that a pickup line， right， And like they have to verbalize that。 They can't just know it。

 Like they can't just like even if you were trying to be manipulative。

Why couldn't they just know it and just be like whatever， you know， going with their life。

 But they have to verbalize it to qualify themselves to you on some subtle level that they know the deal。

 Allright and。That's a very common feature of somebody who， you know。

 who has a sense of low self esteem。But isn't that interesting。

The girl whose anticipated response is that attractive guys won't like her will have these behaviors。

 What do they do， What do her behaviors do。Oh， they absolutely make her unattractive。

 want to saboage sabotage it。 What does it keep her reality intact or does it mess the reality。

 doesn' self fulfill。 Yes， it's a self fulfillfiling prophecy， it maintains her reality intact。

 right， the guys are big jerks and the guys are， you know。

 and my girlfriend has has a friend like that。 who is always going out trying to meet guys。

 But whenever a cool guy comes along， she thinks she's being patronized。

 And so then she blows him off。 And then she's just chronically single and can't and can't be a nice guy。

 If any women are watching this。 What I would say is if an attractive guy comes and talks。

 you be receptive to it doesn't mean you have to necessarily sleep with them， be receptive to it。

 don't blow yourself out。 Now， look，How about guys？All right。U。In many ways， it's the same thing。

 Does anybody here have a friend that can never seal the deal。

Right does anyone here have a friend who every single time that he gets a girl back to his house。

 he says that he wasn't in the mood or she wasn't hot enough， Anyone have that？

Has anyone here themselves done that？ All right， a very good body of mine。

When he was learned to be successful with women。He would， at first。 Now he's been doing very well。

 But at first， he would always， he would always get the girl home。

 And then I call the next ambulance。 So what happened last night， He's like， oh， dude。

 I was just so tired。 I just wasn't feeling it。You know， and it was always like that。 You know， oh。

 she wasn't hot enough。 You know， there was always some kind of reason。

 And I have seen this kind of like fear of， of closing the deal thing， which， by the way。

 do women appreciate that， You you think a woman appreciates it when she goes home with a guy and she's chosen you。

 And then you're like， oh， yeah， I'm not gonna go ahead with this。In fact， most of the time。

 if you have a girl back to your place and she has chosen you and you don't act on it。

 what's gonna happen。 done， right， the window was open。

 if you don't jump through before it closes and it's gonna close and you're out in the cold for life。

 All right， That's generally speaking how it works。 In fact。

 all of us here have probably had a situation where we had a girl that we really liked back up to your room And then you say。

 I really like this one， I'm gonna play it solid and I'm gonna get to know her better right because you like her。

 right， you like her and you say I'm gonna to treat her different than all those other girls that I got because she's special。

 So I'm gonna isn't that a funny one， you think that when the girl's special。

 you're gonna treat her different from all the other girls that you were successful with。

Genius aren't we geniuses， right， Okay， that we do that。

 Like that's kind of that's kind of a funny one。 Do you know what the first thing that I say when guys come because a lot of the time。

 guys that are really successful。 All right， when a guy's really， really successful with women。

 typically， not always， but very， very commonly， he's being successful with women。 You know。

 he has the abundance of women his life。 But he has that desire to meet that one really cool girl。

 and he has this image in his mind that when he meets that amazing girl that is that the way that the interaction is gonna go is gonna be more like the like that movie with Ethan Hunt or whatever waiting for sunrise or something。

 Do you guys know that one。😊，Before sunrise where they have like these like long drawn out talks and stuff like that。

 And then like it just slowly escalates。 And sometimes that can happen。 In fact。

 I have a buddy whose entire game is like that。 And he's really， really solid。 Some guys。

 that's like their style。 But you see a lot of guys that are really， really great with women。

 Like they're just great at making the party making everyone have fun and just hooking up just wants up like this totally natural thing。

 But then they meet a girl。 they really like。 And what do they do。

 They try to transform into Ethan Hunts。 All right， they try， you know。

 they try to Hawk is it Ethan Hawk。 Ethan Hawk， right。

 They try to transform into this like romantic hero。

 that's gonna like save the girl from an awful night of sex in their bedroom right。

 and let and respect her and stuff like that。 And the girls the girls like， look。

 all that respect shit that we talk about。 We just do that for you guys anyway。😊。

You know what I'm saying， like。Why do you think the girls put up these fronts in these walls。

 Do they do they do that for themselves， It's for us， right， It's because guys are stupid。

 It's because guys are like， if she had sex， you know， quickly， then clearly。

 she's not a quality girl。 right， That's just like， you know， and that's that judgmental behavior。

 So as guys， because because women know that guys are so stupidly judgmental and so full of double standards。

 they'll put that front on。 right， instead of just doing what they want。 In fact。

 one of the most qualities that makes the best of the best， like the guys that are really。

 really phenomenal with women is the complete air of nonjudgmentalism。 like no judgments。

 like they know the deal， they understand how things work。 they totally get it。

 And so a woman can feel addies to have fun around you。 All right。

 that's absolutely one of the qualities that separates the great guys from the guys that are clueless。

All right。How about a guy that assumes everyone is friendly。 Has anyone here ever met someone。

Like known a guy， maybe a guy friend that you had that just assumes that everyone in the world is his friend。

Have you guys ever had a day where you just felt like everyone in the world was your friend。

 and you could talk to strangers。 And it was just totally cool。That's， again。

 an anticipated response。 Somebody who believes that the entire world is a friendly place。

He's going to have all these little behaviors。 And what do those behaviors do。

attract the friendly people attract friendly people。 Does it reinforces reality， Of course。

 people are always reinforcing their realities。 In fact。

 you guys remember how when we talked about button pushing， we said that a girl who's really hot。

 If a guy shows no interest in her， she will start flirting with him to get him to show interest。

Remember， we spoke about that because because someone disrupted her reality。 Well。

 it's the same kind of thing。 In many ways， girls have that quality where it's like， oh， what。

 that guy doesn't think I'm hot。 And then she'll go and she'll flirt with them to get him to flirt back。

 reaffirm her reality and then just get on with her night so。Look。

 all of this comes down to the simple fact that people are always trying to maintain their reality。

 They are trying to make their world make sense。Does anyone here have？Is anyone here Mexican。

Any Mexicans in the house？ My girlfriend's a Mexican。 Yeah， All right。

 did your mom serve you tortillas growing up。Allright。 well， my girlfriend's mom is from Mexico。

 and she served a lot of tortillas。 Her mom's。😊，Hitting into into her 60s now。

 And her doctors telling her she needs to lose some weight。So the doctor says， don't serve tortillas。

Right。Say that this mother has nourished her children with tortillas all growing up， right。

 And that's like a staple food in in her diet。 And her doctor says， don't do that。

Think about what's going on there。 Is she gonna want to take on the new reality or she gonna want to bury herself further into that reality。

 right， Most people are not willing to shake up the reality。 All right。

 they're constantly trying to keep that reality the same。

 They don't want to take on the new bearings， They're constantly trying to reinforce the reality。

 Think of where you're doing this， guys。 All right， Look。

 even if you take this program and you really believe in this program。

 And then you go out and you look at the world and you find an example of something that contradicts with this program。

 which inevitably you'll have to because the world is always shifting around。What a lot of people do。

 And this is as a teacher， I hate to see this。 They say， no。

 but that has to that has to go with that principle。 I learned of the blueprint。But you see。

 that's exactly what I'm trying to teach you guys not to do。

 Like I could spend four years coming up with the most accurate maps that I can。

 but no matter how accurate the maps are， there's still not reality， A map is still a map。

 A map is not the terrain。 So the thing is， is like people are always trying to maintain the reality by seeing the world to a certain lens。

 Take the fucking lenses off。 All right， Allow yourself to experience reality head on。 Okay。

 I guess that's what I'm saying here。 But be aware of how different people use these sort of anticipated responses。

 We're gonna get into the pros and cons。 We're gonna go deeper。😡，All right。

 so what is a self fulfillfiling prophecy？I'll give a quick definition。

 a self fulfilling prophecy is when by the strength of your beliefs。

The reality that is stored up in your head becomes the reality of your actual life。Okay。

 this happens because your mind is always seeking out evidence。

 even if it's obscure to reinforce your existing beliefs。

 And then because of the confidence that you have in those beliefs。

 you draw people into your reality and inadvertently get them to act in ways that you don't expect。

 So let's go back to Denny's example。 I walk into Denny's。I say， hey， is it open right now， He says。

 A is closed。It's closed。I say， I know it's not closed， He says it's closed。😡。

And I started getting angry， right， remember I said I felt like I want to punch him in the face。😡。

Well， the thing is， what is he doing there， He has a certain reality。

 which is what is that guy's reality。Somebody's gonna come in here and ask me if it's open。

 And I'm gonna have to tell。 Let's go even deeper than that。

 What is his reality about people and how they're gonna treat him。

 There's a lot of assholes out there。 Yeah， there's a lot of assholes out there， right。

 People are jerks。 People are obnoxious。 So even me。

 a guy like where I I'm like consciously studying how to like be a nice guy。

 Like I'm like making efforts to be a super nice guy as I can。 And basically， even me。

 He's by the strength of his beliefs。 Remember how we talked about the person with the dominant reality wins。

By the strength of his beliefs， he's inadvertently making me want to be a to him。 Allright。

 I kind of snapped myself out of it。 But I felt that like I felt like I wanted to be a to him。

 So that's what his self fulfilling prophecy is。How about victims。

Somebody who believes that they're a victim and that people are out to abuse them。😡。

Think about the consequences of this。 Think about the consequence of assuming that people in the world are negative and out to screw you over。

What is that going to do if you believe that the entire world is out to screw you over that a lot of people are。

 People are， by nature， untrustworthy。What's your life gonna look like。

 You're gonna suck people in to do that。 This same belief goes for relationships， right。

 What happens when a guy thinks that his girlfriend' is gonna cheat on him all the time？ She does。

 right， when you assume people are gonna be disloyal， they'll be disloyal。

 That's why when we talked about， remember on the first day。

 we talked about rationalization and about how it's good to understand that people are rationalizing creatures and that we're all rationalizing creatures。

 But at the same time， you can't have that kind of belief about people because if you're always thinking that people are gonna do it。

 you're gonna find evidence of it， you're gonna motivate people to do that。

 So you have to on one level， maybe know the deal but on another level。

 you have to assume the best in people。 So remember last night， we said。

 assume the best in other people。 A lot of that， you know， that's what it comes down to。 All right。

 These are self- fulfillfilling prophecies。 And a guy who' is really amazing with women。

 what does he know how to do。 he knows how to create a self fulfillfilling prophecy。

We women love to death。Allright， he knows how to suck people into that reality。

He has possibilitiesbil。Sucks people into that reality。 So， look， when you approach a girl。You go up。

 you approach if you fully believe that she's friendly。Of course， there's a really， really。

 really high chance， like 95% plus chance。 she's gonna be super duper friendly。

 Look at the different mindsets that a lot of guys have。 A lot of guys are like， oh， you know。

 I've got to go up here and prove my worth， right， I've got to selfs by this girl's response to me。

 I've got to get my validation from her。😊，They're not even thinking。

 They're not even just assuming she's friendly。 A guy that's really great with women when he's walking up to a girl。

 it's like he's just walking up to a friend almost in in a certain respect。 I mean， it's different。

 But there's a lot of similar elements。 in the sense， he's just walking up talking to a friend。

 He's just assuming that she's friendly。So he's not even coming from that place。 All right。

 He's not even coming from there whatsoever。 And you can see that written all over people。

 You can absolutely see it written all over somebody。

 Some who just assumes everyone will be their friend and someone who doesn't。

 Have you guys noticed that in attractive girls at all。 When you see attractive girls。

 Do you see how they in their minds， They assume that whoever they walk up to will be like probably super friendly and probably will even supplicate them and do whatever they want。

All right。So that's like plowing through where you assume be a friend to keep on talking。

 that's it have a question。How much is verbalizing this？

Like say you want to adopt that belief and actually walking up to a girl who maybe you don't even know if she's friendly or not。

 but you。Yeah hey name but you know what that does？

People always want to be congruent to their identity， right。

 So have you guys ever heard that in a relationship。

 one of the best ways to get your girlfriend to be an amazing girlfriend is to compliment her on qualities that she doesn't she hasn't even cultivated yet。

Right， what do most guys do when their girlfriend acts like a bitch？ They say you're a bitch。

 you're a bitch， right， What if you just say， you know， like and you don't even do sarcast me。

 You know， I really love it when you're just， I really love it how， you know。

 those moments when you're just really friendly。 It's just really great。

 And that's what I really like about you。😊，What does that do to someone's unconscious mind， Oh， man。

It's deep what it does。 Oh that's entirely how I teach a boot camp on all level。 though。

 I don't just say， oh I think you're great with women。 I treat when I'm teaching a boot camp。

 I treat you the same way I treat my buddies100%。 All right， And see the thing is。

 because when I'm with my buddies， we all do really well， right， So pull everyone up to my level。

 Now， the thing is，😊，The human mind。 Stop and think about how the human mind works。

 Do you remember how I said on the first day when we spoke about identity that your identity。

 you probably didn't come up with it all by yourself like you thought。

 say that you were younger and you stepped up and tried to be a leader， right。

 And then everyone liked you for it。 your unconscious mind goes， look at that。

 I should become like a leader。 And then everybody will like me， Likewise。

 maybe you became like creative and you did well， like you drew a stick man when you're a little kid then like your teacher was like。

 yeah， you're really good。 And then your mind goes， look， I get acceptance from that。

 If you're saying to your girlfriend， I really like it when you when youre you know， really nice。

 what are you doing to her mind。You're rewarding You're telling what if she hasn't even acted well。

 though， then you're trying to You're creating a new identity。 You're creating an identity for her。

 you're basically shaping the identity that you want， right， You're shaping that identity。

 And this works in business。 This works in all areas。 On the other hand。

 sometimes you do have to call it bad behavior。 It's a mix。 It's called common sense。

 Everything is a mix。嗯。Allright， so let's say that you're。You know。

 you think really well of yourself， alright。And。You walk up， you're out。Key。

 key of controlling the frame。 You guys all heard of frame control。

 frame control is like controlling the underlying meaning of reality。 You guys heard of that。

All right， say that you want to have frame control。

 So somebody comes up to you and you starts teasing you。 Allright， somebody here here。 what you。

 What's the most common teas that you get when people tool you。Do you have one？We all have one lazy。

 Okay， how about when you're out in a nightclub， Do you guys ever trying to tool you。Smartty pants。

 Okay， so say you get called smarty pants。 Allright， awesome。 Okay， so look， someone， someone's like。

 hey， smarty pants， right， and there's two different ways that you could interpret that， right。

 when we talk about self fulfillfiling prophecies， two different ways。

 So way number one that a lot of people interpreted is that being called smarty pants。

 It makes them feel bad， right， they're like I'm being condescended right， And they're like， okay。

 and then what happens that little look in your eyes in your pupils on some level shows that you lost a little bit of state。

 your state went down a little bit。 And so the person sees it and they go nailed them I call them out。

 right， and then it reinforces the reality in those people's minds that they were correct。😊。

How about if， if you get called a smarty pants and what I bet you。

 you probably do just from what I've know of you。 you probably are like， oh， yeah， right， Okay。

 just don't care。 Do you， You think it's fun， right， O， so。And if you do that。

 and you treat it like it was a joke。 what does it reinforce in the other people's minds who said it。

 I was just joking， right， the same asshole， the same schoolyard bully type guy or whoever who comes by and tools you。

 He's like， hey， smarty pants。 And you're like， ha ha， and you laugh about it。

 Like not like the not ha。 It's like sincere laugh， not a weird sounding laugh。 if you're doing that。

 then in his mind， he's not gonna to be， he's not gonna to say to himself， but I'm a big jerk。

 And I was trying to condescend him， right， And now everyone。

 now everyone can see that I'm an incompetent jerk。 and that I'm not good at what I do， right。

 I'm not effective at tooling people。 He's not gonna think that。 He's gonna think I was just kidding。

Right he's gonna rationalize that in his head as I was just kidding rather than accepting the fact that he's a dick and he was trying to kind of send you and it didn't work because he's not strong enough。

 He says I was just kidding。 He's just a good old boy。

 right beside he needs to because don't accept it That's exactly it it doesn't hit I need to accept I don't accept this little trying trying to get the reality at some wins Yeah stronger reality wins。

 Yeah， and so see that's the thing。 And I get believe me， I get tool excessively when I'm out。

 And sometimes I get tool well。 Okay like I have been mocked and tool。

 some of the stuff that' has been thrown at me over the years has been so on point like so piercingly on point and accurate。

 right and I'm like， wow， that is mean that's incredibly mean and and it has taught me over the years to just kind let like know water off of the duck's back and the。

Is looking to see whose reality is going to win out。

 So if guys are verbally sparring with each other and the guy hits you with a really well pointed jab。

 And in your mind， you're like。That was quite clever。 right。 You're like， damn。 You're like， okay。

 actually， that's something that I do。 When a guy hits me you know how they say it's almost like in martial arts。

 Like someone hits you just sort of go with it rather than trying to fight it a lot of the time。

 if someone just thissses me really on point。 I I'll like look， like it hit me hard。

 I just look at them。 I'm like。😊，Like that， right。 And I just， I just said that I'm like， oh Go me。

 All right， And then that's it。 No shift in state。 You guys see that。

 as long as there's no shift in state， you don't need to win the verbal sparring match。 Allright。

 say that， look， say that the girl gives you a congruence test And she hits you hard， right， And you。

 you know how they say always have the better answer， right。

 Like always have that clever comeback or whatever。 Sometimes you don't right， look。

 it's really cool to have a great comeback。 But sometimes you don't have a comeback。 sometimes。😊。

Nothing's there。 right， you look， you're like， you're like， here's my time for my comeback。嗯。

Nothing there。So what do you do just called unreactive， right， just unreing。Allright， that's it。

 really simple。 You just allow it。 Allright， basically， like， you know， heres。

 you want when I really realized it。I was out。With one of the guys who's a guy who's really well known for coining the term。

 always have a better answer。And I was watching him talking to a girl。

 And she threw a really good jab at him， right， like a really hard hitting congruence test。 And he。

 and he was， and he was just like，And he said， and he looked at her。 and he was。

 and he was just like。You're crazy。Allright， And it was like not even close to as clever as her line right at all。

 Like his comeback sucked。 okay， but then he looks over at me and he's like， see。

 always have the better answer。Like that。 And then and I'm like， that wasn't the better answer。

 That wasn't， right， But he believed it was the better answer。 Do you guys see that。

 So he believed that it was the better answer。 Yeah， his reality。 See， he's like， man。

 I love having the better answer。 Okay， that's it's like that delusional confidence， right。

 you might， you may not have the better answer。 But if you think that you had the better answer。

 you've got it。 Okay， And in fact， if someone hits you with like a really hard congruence says。😊。

Okay， do you guys remember when you're a school kid， right？ And you had some new， remember。

 you know how school kids like learn new swear words and stuff like that。

 Like you first learned the finger or maybe like you first learned some new way to mock someone。

 And then you go up to the different kids and you use it， the kids are crazy。

 And then you go up to the one kid。 and you say it。 And he throws something back you。

 He's like he's like your mom， your mom， your mom， right And your mind like。

 but that's not as funny as mine， But you can't win。 He's like your mom， All right。

 have you guys ever heard that， That's what Jeffy does sometimes， right。

 if Jeffy gets hit with a conrus says。 He't high answer' He's your mom， And that's like。😊。

You it's like you just don't let it enter your reality。 All right， look， first of all。

 I don't want to from this conversation， I don't want to get。

 I don't want to impose some kind of reality here like the world is filled with congruence tests and everyone's out to shit test you。

 Have you guys ever seen the newbie at this stuff that thinks everything in the world is a shit test All right。

 like everything's a shit test and I must dominate the reality all the time and they become that's called a frame control addict Ha anyone here ever been a frame control addict or known a frame control addict。

😡，Okay， so that's a common thing。 I'm， I'm not trying to push you guys in that direction。

 I'm just trying to show you guys about how the nature of self fulfilling prophecies， so。Like I said。

 you go up anything that you don't like in your reality。 You don't have to acknowledge it。

 You only acknowledge the reality that you want。 and then the self fulfilling prophecy comes to exist。

Like Pepe Lau。 That's right。The same thing goes。For scarcity and abundance。

The same thing goes for relationships。If you assume how would self， let's think of it this way。

 how would a self fulfilling prophecy work in your relationship in terms of your girlfriend cheating on you。

Say that。 you think。Whatever she's not gonna to cheat， right， So you don't get jealous。

 And then because you don't get jealous， you're a challenge。Say that you even have a girl。

Who's constantly cheating on all our boyfriends， which is certainly not uncommon。

 Let's say that you have that。 Now， let's say that， unlike these other guys who get super jealous。

You are completely secure with yourself， and you're completely secure with the relationship。

 All right， so you do that。And then now you're challenged to her。

 So what happens when you're challenged to a girl， what typically happens。She pursues you。

 She pursues you。 Does she think about you a lot。 Have any of you guys here ever had a girlfriend who was so you were such a challenge to her。

 just because you were so indifferent to the outcome that she like obsessed with you and talked about you with her friends all the time。

 So say that your girlfriends out。 And she's at some nightclub。

 There's always these way better looking and hotter and richer and more powerful guys than you。

 And they're all hitting on her， which is certainly Los Angeles and inevitability。

 no matter how great you are。 And。She's obsessing over you with her friends。😡，Well。

 now that's not going to make any difference， is it？Meanwhile， if you're jealous。

 if you're like that jealous boyfriend and you're insecure。What have you done。

 You've given your power away。 And so as a result， she feels like she has all your validation on all levels。

 And then some other cuter guy comes along。 and she's like， whatever， And then she goes and does it。

 Not only that， but she's like， what she what does she say， Well， he thinks I'm doing it anyway。

Right， he's carved out an identity for me that he thinks that I'm doing this。

 I guess I might as well do it。 Allright， So again， that's a self fulfillfilling prophecy。

 By the way， as a quick counter example to that。 And if I was discussing relationships more death。

 I would get more into this。 at the same time， you do also have to establish boundaries right in a relationship I remember。

 my friend Hobe He once said， he said that's definitely true。 But on another level， you know。

 it's like you're on a straight path。 And if the girl veers too far off the path。

 you do have to you know， kick her back on a little bit to keep her moving the right direction。

 So it is， again， it's always a mix。 It's never one way or the other。 All right， So look。

 we see here how these kinds of self fulfillfilling prophecies allow us to confirm our reality。

And by the way， guys。If your girlfriend does go out and shoot on you。

 does it necessarily mean that it was your fault？😡，It could just be her issue and not yours。

 even if you did do everything right。 so don't take ownership of that。

