# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：04.提供价值【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

Living in reaction。So there's an expression here。 We call it living in reaction。 Okay。

 and what living in reaction means is， I'll give you the basic rundown。

 Here's some examples of living in reaction。 not knowing lacking a crystal clear concept of one。

 who you are，2， what you value，3， what you're grateful and appreciative for。Four。

 how your emotions work。😡，5， what you really want out of life and 6。

 why certain influences are positive or corrupting。 Most people in society， when we talk chose。

 If you want to get into like， okay， so Jeffy gave like the really glorious version of what a chose is。

 Well， here I'm giving you almost， you know， an expanded version， a more scientific version， choses。

😊，What's that inner， Yeah， your inner showedde？Chose most of the time。 Cho the characteristics。

 don't know who they are。 Don't know what they value。 They don't know what they're appreciative for。

 So they're dissatisfied。 They don't know how their emotions work。

 They don't know what they have no vision out of life。

 and they don't know why certain influences are corrupting them and which ones are positive。Okay。

 that's what living in reaction is。 And as a result。

 their mind is like a blowing around like a reeds in the wind。 They are just scattered。

 They're missing that center。 It's well suited for a peon。Not for you。

The bottom line is a couple things， number one。If the quote。It's kind of nerd talking here。 But look。

 if your sub communicationmun is really what's attracting women， if that's what really matters。

 then you've got to ask yourself， what is the best way for me to be living my life。

How are the decisions that I'm making affecting my soap communication， in other words。

Say that you go out and get elective plastic surgery， say that you go out and get。

 you know you're going out you know， purchasing things to try to impress people， stuff like that。

Even though you might be on the surface level。Helping yourself on the deeper level。

 you're establishing a pattern where you're constantly living up to other people's standards。

 In other words， you're establishing a pattern where you are living in reaction。

And that pattern that you're establishing through those behaviors that seem innocent are basically screwing you up。

 they're messing you up。 So whenever you're making a decision about how you're living your life thinks yourself。

 look， is this making me more confident iss it connecting me and my self-esteeem or is this really just distancing me from who I'm meant to be And if it's distancing you from who you're meant to be from who you're meant to be。

 don't do it All right， don't compromise your values， don't compromise yourself When you do that。

 you become more centered， more attracted to women and glory ensues。How about the magic pill guys？

Social conditioning in terms of this stuff here。Most guys come in looking for a magic pill and what that means is this。

Human beings are always looking for shortcuts。That's our nature。We want the shortcut。

 We want the fastest， easiest， most effective way of getting things done。

We don't want to have to put in time。 We don't like slow gradual progress。

 That stuff is not appealing。What we really want is。To be enhanced。As quickly as possible。

Ego enhancement。In advertising， you see all these kind of things look， generally speaking。

 you know how most people， like when you study advertising。Most people's ideal。

 most people's general self image is like， I'm a little fuck control。😡。

I'm like that little shit from Lord of the Rings， what's his name？Galam， right？

A lot of peoples selfimage because they live in the society like a little gallum and they want。

 they want the ring， right， They want to be enhanced， Okay， the precious， right。

 they want the preciouss， you know， And so that's why you'll see like marketing headlines like sneak away with these tactics。

 Like you're sneaking away with them， right to get the edge All those bigger people。

 but you're gonna sneak away with these new tactics that you learn， or you'll see， you know。

 and they want enhancement， right， people want to fuck over their neighbor。

 They want to be they want to be better than the next man， They want to be enhanced。

 They want to stand out And so。Again， the media， the， the demand will always be met by the supply。

 If you， if people in general have those kinds of mindsets because of the way society is going。

 the supply will come in to meet the demand。So， generally speaking。When it comes to pickup。Again。

 the market just comes， you know， the demand comes in or the supply comes in to meet the demand。

 Most people， first of all， don't recognize where there's a problem。 Let me tell you something。

Unless you're capable of walking up to any woman with complete confidence and being outgoing。😡。

Without even thinking about it。There's work to be done。

That's a fact Unless you're at a level where you are where you're able to be outgoing and walk up to a woman and really offer value and be expressive and be unstifled and be quote。

 unquote， be yourself and shoot the shit and have a good time。 If you're not capable of doing that。

 there's work to be done。But you see， most people don't want to think about that because。

 you know why it's harder to think about， isn't it， It's harder to look at the deeper issues。

 It's hard to face the complexities of what that would entail to really do that。

So what do most people want， They want the tactics immediately。This human nature。 First。

 we look for tactics。 We get initial quick fix later when we realize it didn't get the result we want。

 we then look for the principles。The blueprint program is a book of principles。 It's。

 it's a program about principles。You know， you come in， you need the magic pill。 Look the blueprint。

 the average person， if this is the first program they ever want watch。

 they can't deal with it because they're like， just give me something to say。 Okay， so。

 so then you go， okay， fine here， here's what to say， Go say it。 So they say it， They go， okay。

 well what's next now， Okay， we'll say this。 what's next now。 Okay， say this。 Okay。

 I ran out of stuff to say， What do I say now， It's like， dude， you know what。

 even if you had everything to say。 She's still not gonna sleep with you。😊。

Even if she was giggling and laughing。 So that's why we。You know。

 dilate our perception and we look at principles。 Okay， but see。

When we think about the magic pill and here's a concept about human nature that you must understand。

Anytime that you're not using something， it weakens。So in other words， if you don't use your muscles。

They shrink。If you don't use your brain。😡，It turns into a useless prune。

You knowYou guys remember coming back from summer vacation you try to write on the piece of paper and you can't remember how to do it anymore。

 ask you do a bit of math， any you guys play sports， you take the offs season， you come back。

 you've lost your ability to play the level that you left at。

Did you know that even if you go into outer space。That when you come back from space。

 this is one of the channels， one of the challenges with long term space travel。

 When you come back from outer space， your bones has lost density。Think about that。

 One of the biggest challenges with sending somebody across the galaxy is not even。 I mean。

 let alone the challenge of sending someone across the galaxy is that their bones。

 because there's no gravity will just completely lose density。 So then when they， when they get out。

 I don't even know what that would look like， they just， you know， that's what would happen， so。

If you really think about that。People generally， though， want to use as least energy as possible。

 Why have we evolved to want to use the least amount of energy as possible， why。Conserve energy。

Must conserve energy。 Any species that does not conserve energy， generally speaking。

 will is more likely to get weeded out。 So we， as a species want to conserve energy。

 This is why we get lazy。 If we don't see the immediate motivation to do something。

 we don't want to do it。 And that is why magic pills seem appealing。 And to the average person。

The average guy， like， you know， real social dynamics， I think definitely attracts a much higher。

 Like when I look in this room， I see like fucking cool regular chill guys。 If this was like 5。

6 years ago， I saw a lot of very， very hard case， self hating people。 And because in many ways。

 when we were teaching a more tactic based approach。

 the type of people that we were attracting were like， you know， the Dunngeons and dragons nerd。

 He wants to sit his house playing world of Warcraft。

 sort of like emerge from the shadows for a little bit， snatch up the girl with his tactics。

 bring back to his cave layer and then just like keep playing world of Warcraft， right。

 being an or king or something。 So So basically。Isn't that interesting that。

 you know we have that kind of inclination to like we don't want to fix the larger problem。

 We don't want to face the complexities。 It's like， look， just give me some shit。

 I can get a girlfriend。 I can move on and you know what。That's what you want。 Try it。

 See how well it works。 I'll see you back in a few months。 But try it。 Now， the thing is。

 people want that magic pill， but what is the magic pill。😊，I mean。

 when you're learning tactics upon tactics， essentially what you're doing is it's like。

Think like a flabby belly and then taking out a magic marker and going。哥co。6 pack， right？

 Think of it like the thin veneer of game。 You know， like you can just paint on the thin veneer。

Right， and so essentially， what happens is you become a more potent and robotic version。

Of the same self that previously could not attract women。The same women repellent So。

 but a more tactical version。 And you see cases of this all throughout the community。

 guys who were quote unquote， addicted to frame control， guys who you know。

 very miscalibrated and stuff like that。 And they're thinking， where's that next magic pill。

 Where's the next magic pill， The next easy， quick shortcut。😊，But the truth is。

While there are a lot of shortcuts at the end of the day。

 what we really need is a deep identity level change。Isn't that true， right， like。

The magic pill doesn't exist， guys， It really doesn't。 And， you know。

 on a certain level with the magic pills， yes， you can get an interaction going。Yes。

 you can get some laughter。 Maybe you could even get as far as a makeout。

 but to get to the level where you have， know， sexual abundance。

That's where the deep identity level change comes in。 And that's what I really want for you guys。

 That's what this program is about。嗯。Can't remind me something one day I'm working on a book and one day I had a really bad writer block and I saw I going go and just meet women just to get away from it and I just unbelievable evening because I was going to win when I was asking them I was asking them can you write I was just really focusing on what I wanted to do and the women would just like all over and it's funny because as you're talking and pregnancy together because I was' the mention meeting them I mean just like all over me like because I would just know I want to talk about the book and what's going on in my thought process so totally focused on that and on your path Yeah I mean it's like looking back to I do it。

 I couldt pulled her or something maybe I'll never know。

I remember once I went this place like He does a really this table the guy afraid approaching but I want to talk about the book and I want to get their ideas so I was going over there theres kinds of things about their life。

 it was a great conversation what thinking about picking up'all learn how clothes' check out Aussie for that All right so look here's what it comes down to and this is to wrap up the social conditioning section and we're going gonna do a five minute break。

 ultimately what you have to understand is this。The magic pill is now what you're looking for here is deep identity level change。

 A man who is attracted to women。 The self is always coming through with him。

Who you are is always broadcasting out。 always without effort， without trying， it just happens。

 And that's the last sort of principle that we're gonna to start because remember how I came up with the first three principles being attracted to women is something that you are not something you do being not doing in deep identity level change。

Well， this is the last introductory principle that I'm going to put to you guys。

And this is the major theme of this program as well。The self is always。Coming through。Alright。

 the self is always coming through。And that is what you guys。When we do this break。

 I want you to really think about that。 But the self is always coming through。 What it means is this。

If you're a cool guy， you can say the dumbest， dumbest type of stuff。And you'll get away with it。

If you're still working on that inner self。You can say the coolest things in the world。

 and it doesn't hit。An example would be like。Even the body language， body language。

 something that we would consider to be like a really pure form of attraction。

 And guys will say to me， is body language important。 I say， sure it is。And they say， really。

 it's really important。 right。 I said， yeah， But you know what the self is always coming through to say。

 what do you mean， I'll approach a girl like this。 I'll put my hands in my pockets。

 which is considered to be bad。 I'll put my， I'll put my things up like this， and I'll go。Hi there。

 who are you？Who are you right and guess what， even though this is bad body language？All right。

 think about this guys。Think about it。 Its neutral。 It's still neutral。 It doesn't matter。

Think about that。I can go up and say， a。I like salad。Good for you， I like Caesar salad。Oh。

 that's wonderful。But I don't like crouts。All right， do you see my dilemma here？Yeah， okay。

 that's an opener。 You you want to know another great opener？I do it all the time。It goes like this。

Hい。嗯。Sts that all。That's the opener simple， so simple， you want know another opener？はい。系。

Want know another opener？Hey， who are you？Okay， another good opener。 All right。

 you want to know an awesome opener。Okay。Simple， all right。Those are openers that I use。

 not necessarily as my best openers。But to short point， what am I showing？

If you can open with anything， you're not threatening， your vibe is good。

TheSelf is always coming true，So basically， you're not dependent on response。Now， man。

 the self is always coming through。If a cool guy does that。He'll get a great response。

A guy who is doing it like the guy who watches the blueprint DVD set， and he's like a stair opener。

That's a new magic pill， right， So he's like，Right， and then they。Like ha， right， Okay， you know。

 didnt work， man。 I knew this shit don't work。 Allright， so that， you know。

 and that's the thing is that in a lot of ways， since we've done this。

 we've almost had to come up with like two classifications of openers。

 like openers that work for cool dudes and openers that like newbies have to use， you know。

 because the truth is， like， you know， the self is always coming through。😊，Allright。

 the self is always coming through。 And isn't that liberating。Right， isn't that a liberating thing。

Because you realize that you don't need to keep doing stuff all the time just to attract a girl。

 And then that brings us back。Before we take our break here。To this， this very first diagram。

Right here。Which is that you're not。Down here。But if you think you are， then you， of course。

 you're gonna have to get fancy。 take hold of her attention。 But when you know you're there。

 the self is coming through。 Allright， and through the sub communicationmunication。

 And it's a beautiful thing。 And this is where you can become a natural。

 And this is where almost going back full circle to where I started my story today。😊。

About how I was so paranoid about like you know， the media spotlight on this stuff and wasn't gonna work anymore and all that kind of stuff。

 No， of course not。 I love the media spotlight。 I think it's great。 I watch this stuff。 I'm a fan。

 I'm a fan of the people involved in it。 I'm a fan of all of it。 I love it。 I'm not like， oh， no。

 it's not gonna work anymore。 How could this stuff stop working。 what。

 cool people are now off the map for girls。 If he seems cool， watch out。 Okay， It can't happen。😊。

I can't happen。Yeah， you know， and that's the thing。 So， look， And， but here's。

 here's what else is beautiful is that， and we're going learn this。

 We're going to spend four days learning this。In being put in a position where I had to let go of the crutches。

 which was， you know， at the time， was very。Unsettling。It forced me。

To do something that really deeply benefited me。As a whole。

And so what I want to encourage you guys to do in this program。

 Ca we're wrapping up this introduction here is I want you guys to take this stuff。

And use it not only to be phenomenally successful with women。 I'm talking ridiculous。But also。

 you're going to use it to become better in every aspect of your life and to make your experience of your life much higher quality。

The next thing that we're going to talk about is value and how that leads to rationalization。

 I want you guys to understand this once you understand it， I'm going warn you。

 once you guys understand a lot of the stuff we're gonna to be going over at first。

 it's going to freak you out because you're going go back into life and you're gonna to see it happening all around you and you're gonna to feel like the kid from six sense that sees dead people。

😡，Because how it feels。 really， it does。 It can feel very isolating because you're gonna understand a lot of things and you're gonna to see it happening in front of you and you're gonna start to doubt your own motivations and doubt other people's motivations。

 But don't worry， there's an uplifting message to all of this。 So don't panic。 All right。 Yes。

 All right。😊，Value， okay， to understand value。 you have to understand rationalization。

Everybody has a concept of who they think they are， what kind of person they think they are。 So。

 for example， like I said， everyone's on the side of God， everyone's a good guy。

 most people view themselves as having integrity， honesty。😡，You know， depth， they're not shallow。

 They're not superficial。 One of my favorite things to do in L A to be honest， actually。

 when I'm talking to girls that I know are very superficial。

 is start talking to them about how bad superficiial is And they're like， God， I know。

 Let me tell you， I can't stand those superficial girls。 Gu， extremely hilarious。 But anyway。

 me and my buddy， Scott I used to do that a lot。 But look。😊，Understand， we all have that concept of。

 you know， the types of values that we want to have。At the same time， simultaneously。

 sometimes the things that we value in ourselves。There's a tension that's created there because why。

 Because sometimes acting selfishly and against the types of values that we like to perceive in ourselves。

Is what would benefit us selfishly。 Allright， sometimes to fuck over the next man is in your benefit。

 sometimes to ditch your uncool friends to hang out with the popular kid is in your benefit。

 Allright， I'm not saying I agree with it。 In fact， the more I've learned about this stuff。

 the more I act within alignment with my values。 And the more I'm completely turned off by that kind of behavior。

 In fact。😡，To be honest， in the last two years， I very rarely hang out with the popular people。

 I try to hang out people that by my own estimation are good， solid people。

 I really could give less of a flying。 You know what about popularity。

 If someone happens to be popular， great， if not， makes no difference to me。 So look。

Value and rationalization。 On one level， you have the person who you think that you are On another level。

 you have your biological drives。 Your biological drives are always telling you。

 do what will be good for what， what is value， survival， reproduction， right， What feels good。

 That's what your emotions are telling you to do。This creates attention。

 How does your mind resolve the tension then。By something called backwards rationalization。Allright。

 Backers rationalization is something that we all do to various extents。The less you do it。

 the better in a lot of ways。 But look， to feel good about your emotionally motivated actions。

As in like we're still in the driver's seat， it's like we chose to do this。

We invent logical reasons for them during or after the fact。

 this is called backwards rationalization。Nobody is totally exempt from it。

 We all do it to a certain extent。 All of us， I don't care who you are。

 if you think that you don't rationalize。 that is nuts。 But the point is， some of us are like。

 you know， on one of the continuum， hardcore rationalizers， others of us not so much。

 a little bit more little bit more in the driver's seat， maybe although the truth be told。

 rationalization is so dominant。 All right， Now， let's think about how you're perceived。

How are you perceived。Most guys think。You know， say they think I'm a nice guy。 Hey， I'm a nice guy。

 so therefore people will think that I'm nice。😡，Here's the problem。With that kind of thinking。

And you。Wow， look at this， man。It just doesn't end。I had no idea I wrote this much。Value comes first。

Don't forget that value comes first， what does that mean？😡，Look， if you're sitting there。

And you're talking to a girl， and you're a nice guy。 If you have quote unquote， low value。

 she's probably not really going to notice that you're a nice guy。 She might go， he's nice。

On the other hand， if you have a high value。😡，You could be a big jerk。

But maybe if 1% about you is nice， she's gonna focus in on that little 1%。

 She say he's the nicest guy。 He's an incredibly nice guy。 Alright。

 This is how value causes rationalization， okay。😊，If a girl is like， I'm a nice person。

 I'm a person of integrity and she meets a guy who has high value。

 even if he himself does not have those qualities， it's very likely that she will rationalize inadvertently。

 not knowing that she's doing it and impose those qualities onto him。

 This is why a lot of women have the dilemma and suffer sometimes from dating jerk guys。

 and they can't figure out why they date these like these like rotten， emotional andhealthy guys。

 But yet some of those guys sometimes these jerk guys have that confidence。

 And they they just take what they want out of life。 And women find that irresistible。

 So as a result， they wind up with guys that they shouldn't be with。Now， look。

 this whole rationalization thing is affecting you on levels that you know you're not even realizing。

 Okay， so look。A girl might say， I don't care。 I'm not superficial。 I don't care about a guy's value。

 All that I care about is that he can make me laugh。😊，I don't care about a guy's value。

 All that I care about is that I feel a connection with them。😡，Well， guess what？When you have value。

How easy is it to make a girl laugh？Think about this。 If you have enough value。

 you could walk up to a girl。 Yeah could go。Okay， and she's gonna laugh。

 You could just go And she's gonna be laughing uncontrollably because you have the value。

 When you have enough value， sense of humor is automatic。 you could do anything。

 You could do the leprechaun dance。 Anything。 I'm not even kidding。

 And and the girl will laugh at it uncontrollably。 So look， that being the case。

 Think of the high school quarterback， right， Think about the high school quarterback。😊。

He's talking to the cheerleader， whatever he says， what happens？😡，She laughs at it， right。 Now。

 how about connection。Do you guys ever remember the popular kid in school and all the different girls thought that they had a connection with that guy。

 Do you remember how maybe some of your friends thought they had a connection with Jessica Alva or something like that。

 they think that they have something in common， they see these slight little things that they have in common and they think。

 oh wow， we have a connection So isn't it funny that guys。

 know they're trying to learn how to be good with women。

 they say I need to work on my sense of humor， I need to work on how to build a connection with a woman when。

 in fact if they were just stronger。They would be coming across easily with those kinds of qualities without any of those problems。

 I'm not saying that you shouldn't work on how to build a connection with a woman。 I'm not saying。

 don't worry， know， about your sense of humor。 I'm just making a point that value tends to be a prerequisite。

 you could say your funniest line， the funniest thing in the world。

 But if you don't have value in that situation。 Most of the time people are not going to take it as seriously as if you did have value。

Look， the point is， it's the value that makes the girl receptive to having the idea of a connection in the first place without the value。

 that's， you know， it's probably not going to go。 Does that mean the value is everything。

Is value everything？Of course not。Value is not everything。 It's just that。It tends to come first。

 most of the time。 All right， especially with really attractive women， generally speaking。

 value tends to come first when you look when you， it's not that values everything。 Okay。

 a lot of girls don't even want a guy that that high of a value because they're not necessarily confident enough to be around it。

 But the point is， is that a girl is a lot more likely to really look at you under a microscope。

 Like， wow， let's find out about this guy。 Let's see what cool qualities he has。 Let's。

 let's find out more about him if you have the value in the first place。

 You' gonna get you're gonna get given a lot more of a chance。 You know。

 the girls's gonna take her time to get to know you a lot more and take what you have to say a lot more。

 you know， to heart when you have the value。All right， now look。

Let's think about social relationships。 Okay， One kind of nerd way of calling that would be social alliances。

 We just call social alliances as our nerd speak because it kind of covers the broad range of any type of relationships。

 Now， look， all people are generally tend to be social beings。 We like to make friends。

 We like to build contacts。 We like to create bonds。 It's cool。 It's fun。😊，However。Key concepts。Time。

And energy。Our finite people only have so much time and energy， right， Go it guys。

What do we have a limited time of or amount of？😡，Good， because we only have so much time and energy。

 we're only capable。Of doing so much。 There's only so much that we can do。

 And because that's the way that we're wired， because that's our nature。

We tend to have the behavior pattern where we'll seek out the relationships that benefit us the most。

 All right， now again。Let's make this clear。 This isn't like a set of instructions， like。

 because you only have so much time and energy。 I am instructing you to seek the relationships that benefit you the most。

 I'm not saying that。 In fact， as you can kind of see。

 I have a little bit of contempt for that kind of behavior。😊，I don't judge it。

 but I don't particularly enjoy it。 So， look， the point being is that because human beings have this tendency。

 we need to recognize it。 we don't judge it。 We don't， you know， we don't analyze it。

 We just say it is what it is， That's the terrain。 Do you guys understand that whenever something is the terrain。

 You don't judge it。 Do you guys get that。 Like， you're gonna die， right， We're all gonna die。

 Is that bad or good。It is what it is， right， It's not bad or good。 you know。

 it's like people have certain certain tendencies。 You can't judge it。 like that's wrong。 That's bad。

 It's just， it is what it is。 I mean， look， we， we learn to forgive each other， right。

 Like we all do dickhead things and we somehow learn to forgive each other and find the good in each other。

 So it just is what it is。Anyway。Look， your emotions are designed to guide you。

 They're designed to guide you towards the relationships that are gonna benefit you the most。

 Allright， look， people hang out for a variety of different reasons。

 Some motivations would include status， money， sex or a more pure reason could could include knowledge relating to each other。

 mutual respect or just having fun。 I've tried to I've actually really。

 in the last couple years moved most of my relationships away from statusbased stuff and more just towards relating to people and having fun。

 I recommend that you do the same。 But regardless， people have different motivations for relationships。

Where does the， where does the longevity of a relationship come in。

 I want you guys to think about this， the longevity of a relationship。

 the longevity of a relationship will always be dictated。

By the value that people continue to get out of it。Even if you have a friend who you just relate to。

 if you're going to be investing a lot of time and energy into that person is probably because you're getting some kind of value out of it。

 some kind of enjoyment。😡，People will put up with your bullshit if you become all sorry for yourself or negative and the value that you're offering them gets removed。

 They'll put up with it for a period of time and they'll support you。 But eventually。

 they will move on。 We know that。 That's why it's important to continuallyt。Keep your shit together。

 not be a dumb ass。All right， so look。Every relationship is up for grabs。

 The second that someone senses that they benefit by directing their time and energy elsewhere。

 you know， away from an old relationship towards a new one。

 their mind is wired to start seeking out reasons to do so。 Okay。

 now I wanted you guys to think about it like this。Here's a piece of paper。 Let's say it's a big。

 Let's say that this is your field of perception right here。 This is the whole， this is like。

All of reality within our little green marker box。There's only so much that you can focus on at the same time。

There's a word for this， does anyone know what it is？RAAS。Particular。Thank you。

 say that repeat after me， reticular activation system。😡，Good， say it again。

 reticular activation system。Great， reicular activation system is that system that all human beings have。

 at least all fun properly functioning human beings that essentially。

Fils out that which is of no value to you and zones in on that， which does have value。

 So essentially， like I said， if you have the hot food to plate being pushed by， you go， w。

 you look at it， right， Think of it this way。 Say that we're having this conversation。And。

What girls you guys like， give me a girl。Carmen Etra， okay， let's say the Carmen E from 10 years ago。

 pops in the door out there。 Okay， well， you know， okay， let's say Carmen E from 10 years ago。

 walks in that back door right now， right， And she's like， hey， guys， I anyone available All right。

 What happens to， you know， as great as this might be。 What happens to your perception。s leaving。

 But yeah， someone's leaving， right， So basically， what's happening there is the value is shifting。

 right， What happens if Osama bin Laden just pops in8， I'm back。 What's up， Okay。

 that's called a threat， right， Where's your perception go。 I might be like so anyway。

 the value thing the value， The value right， And you guys are and you can't remember anything that was said back up here。

Nothing could be remembered。 You will be focused there。

 the direction of your the focus of your perception has been moved。

 That is the way that reicular activation system works。😡。

Remember that reticular activation system is a huge part of attraction。

 and the very best guys with girls， like the guys who are really。

 really stellar with girls can see reticular activation system like they can see the matrix of it。

 They can see where all the RA is in the room all the time。

 They're always conscious of it and they can do all these little They can play all these little glitches in the matrix because they see what's happening。

 So look。😊，What do you focus on。Like we think about it this way。

 if this is your whole field of perception， whenever there's value or a threat。😡。

Your perception will focus in on that Well likewise。

 the way that you focus in on your existing experience of reality。

 like the way that reality is unfolding in front of you。

 you will also and I don't know if this is RIS or not or if it's just selective memory。

 but whatever a scientist would call it， you're also having a very subjective interpretation of past events all right so look。

😡，Say that you have a friend。 say that this is your friend right here Okay， and you have。

Nice memories would count as N， right， A nice memory， a nice memory， a nice memory， a nice memory。😊。

But then。There's also these bad memories that are here。Here and here。 Okay， let's say that。

The nice memories were like， you know， this person got you a birthday cake。

 and he remembered got you a Christmas present。 and he's just fun。 And he's a nice guy， whatever。

 And then the bad memories， like， he was five minutes late at the pizza store。

 He made fun of you once， and he didn't like it。 And he。😊，I don't know。

 He snuugggled with your teddy bear one night。 when you're looking for your teddy bear， whatever。

 Okay， So as random as we can get。 So look， at first， the focus is here， right。

 when there's value in the relationship， the focus is all here。 It's like， oh， yeah， you know。

 he did this， He did that。 What happens when the relationship begins to deteriorate When the person is no longer getting the value that they once got out of it。

 The focus now changes。 They go， you know， that guy， that guy' is always late。That guy， that guy。

 is's always stealing my fucking teddy bear。and he was was the other bad one？He made， and he。

 he mocks me right， He mocks me。 So the focus。Begins to change。

 You can see in your relationships how they're changing。 like even in guys。 let's say not even women。

 but say with a guy。 Maybe at first， you have some new dude that you hang out with just his friends。

 and you're like， hey， let's go get a beer。 And he's And even if he's already or say you say。

 let's go get a bite to eat。 even even if he's already eating。 He's like yeah，'ll come down。

 we'll hang out whatever。 Later， if he's not getting as much value out of the friendship。 He's like。

 oh， well you know， I'm busy now， whatever。 that's just a symptom。 by the way。

 if your friend says he can't go don't start panicking like oh， not saying that。Allright。

 I'm just giving as an example。 So， you know， you see this in business all the time。

 You see business partnerships that at one point were really， really solid。

 But then when the other partner can recognize that they can make more money by going off on their own。

 all of a sudden， it goes， boom， boom， boom。 That guy doesn't do this。 He doesn't do this。

 he doesn't do this， even though there was so much good stuff to focus on。

 it deteriorates the same thing happens in relationships。

 the guys that are the best with women are haunted by this。 Allright。

 the guys that are really skilled with women， this is the shit that haunts their dreams at night。

 because essentially， when you get really， really good with women， what you start finding is this。

 Here's a couple things that you'll notice。 one。Is say that you're talking to a woman and her boyfriend is there。

 Okay， you'll be talking to her。 say that you just start talking like this。

 say say that her boyfriend's right there。 He doesn't like what's going on。 So he'll be like， hey。

 Kathy， Hey， Caty， What's interesting。 He could even be follow this。

 How's this for like a mind screw。 He can be yelling so loud that you cannot hear yourself talk。Like。

 you cannot even hear your own voice coming out of your mouth because he's being such so obnoxious or whatever。

The girl can't hear him， and she can only hear the pitch that's coming from your voice。Okay。

 this is like you ever see that movie march to the penguins when the penguin moms can hear the voice out through all the different pitches。

 Well， this， this same phenomenon will occur whenever we're dealing with attracting women。 Like。

 if you have the value， you can be talking to that girl。

 and she will be completely absorbing in your conversation。 Meanwhile。

 the person's yelling and she cannot hear that。 You can't even hear your own voice that somehow she can hear it。

 I mean， these are extreme examples。 All right， these just extreme outside the box examples to get you thinking。

 Likewise。What girls will also tend to do is if they like you， they'll do stuff like。

 say she has a boyfriend she really likes。 Well then all of a sudden。

 even though their relationship was solid， it's like， oh， well， you know。

 he did this to me and I'm not really willing to put up with that aspect anymore， and you know。

 stuff like that。 immediately， she starts focusing on the negative in her relationship。All right。

 that is called it's the subjective interpretation of past events。 essentially。

 And this is happening all the time。 It's happening live and it's happening in people's memories。

 This is why you guys ever hear the expression。 there's two sides to every story。

 comes down to rationalization， right It's two sides to every story。 The thing is。

 the guys that are really good with women in the field。 they know this stuff。

 They know how to get that R pulled in their direction。 They're good at it。 they know how to do it。

 this is why they can do these freaky things。 It's actually you guys know how in every like underground trade or craft。

 There's like secret tricks to the trade that nobody would ever be able to figure out on their own。

 What I'm talking about here is one of them。 This is like pick artistry。

 This is like hardcore underground pickup artistry here。

 Like when when you understand how this works。 It's like you can quote see the matrix and basically you can do things that that will blow people's minds。

 This is why sometimes you guys see the boot camp reviews where guys are like my brain just melted。

 I couldn't believe what it' just it's impossible。 What he did was impossible。Well。

 this is because when you can see the R S unfolding。

 you can you know how to pull the energy in your direction。

 you can do that kind of really advanced stuff。 Alright， by the way。

 not advising for you to take someone's girlfriend off。 it's a miserable thing to do。 All right， now。

 look。As far as this goes， value， let's think of how that goes even more in terms of like， you know。

When you're sitting there with your friend， right， think about this guys。

 you're sitting there with your friend， you're talking and a girl goes by what happens to your attention。

 like that okay， that's that reticular activation system。😡，Always keep that in mind。

 feel yourself doing it because guess what？😡，There's more important ways that this causes attraction that you wouldn't even expect。

All right。Say that you've got a girl talking to you。Okay， so she's speaking with you。

She's trying to get your attention。下边。You're talking your friends。What's the right move？Yeah。

 what do most guys do？Okay， right。Okay， right， That's what most guys do。 The thing is。

 that's because their R I S goes like that。 right， Then the girl goes， oh， look， I have value。

 This is all unconscious， by the way， She goes， look。I have value。 Okay， cool。 Allright。

 so basically， she knows that now。 she also knows then that probably you are not hooking up with girls of her type of quality。

 Allright， She knows that immediately。 Now， when you're just relaxed。😊，S tapping。

And if you just keep talking to your friends。 you go。

 I hold up just keep talking to your friend like that。

 just like you would to any other person that was happening you the same way。 And by the way。

 let's make a key distinction here。 What most guys do is they try to exaggerate it， right。

 Like it's pickup move time。 I remember this one from my seminar。 Okay， All right。

 That's you regard to for the expression social robot。 so。😊，Okay。😊。

Me being the biggest one in the world。 I。 So basically with the what most guys do is they're they're always trying to。

You know。Don't react， right， Like， I got to be unreactive now。 don't react to it。

 But what does that come across looking like if you're trying not to react to look unreactive。

 what is that。😡，You're reacting right So what you've got to start doing when you want to be real good with women is you want to get in touch with the way that you really are。

 You got to get in touch with being the person that you're meant to be。

 get in touch with the way that you naturally act around all people。 All right。

 If one of your guy friends were to come and poke you。😡，You wouldn't be like。

 I'm not gonna even talk to him。 Okay， you're not gonna do that。 You would just go， dude hold up。

 b Oh yeah， So what's up， right， you would just be normal。 Okay， So that's。

 you know when you might have heard me saying stuff like be normal， like the key to all pickup。

 be normal。 Well when you can be normal around phenomenally attractive women。

 that's always gonna get a lot of pull of attraction in your direction。

 Okay So the thing is with this whole R S thing。 you can see like you're pulling。

 you know how to pull， we'll talk about this later， how to pull the social energy in your direction。

 But then you also know how to make people fight to get within your field of vision。 Okay。

 and basically how girls will play like the game that they play is trying to get you to react to them。

 trying to get you to。I guess they're trying to get into your R S。 That's really what's happening。

 They're trying to get into it。 Okay， just keep it in mind， guys。Isn't it amazing too as a side note。

 how has anyone here ever been just started dating a girl who had a boyfriend and then she actually goes and creates a fake fight with the boyfriend so she can feel good about what she's doing Anyone here ever had that Yes it's nuts it is nuts crazy jungle out there all right so look。

嗯。😊，Point is like people sustain relationships by focusing what they get out of it。

 when the value changes， what they focus on is subject to change。 It's not a good thing。

 It's not a bad thing。 It just is what it is。 Now， look。

What you should and should not take from this， All right。Pause， okay， pause。 Allright。

 before we go any further， what you should and should not take from this。

A lot of guys hear this stuff， and then they start to see it。 All right。

 And I teach this to you because I want you guys to get total mastery in this area。

But what winds up happening is guys start thinking that everyone is rationalizing against them。

 right， This guy's a big rationalizer。 And that's big that guy's a big rationalizer。

 It's like when people learn about the ego。 And then suddenly they're saying this guy's got a big ego。

 and that guy's got a big ego。 And you know， this guy's being egotistical and stuff like that， right。

 It's like， it's just ridiculous。 Don't start walking through life。

 thinking that people are rationalizing against you， that's called a loser mentality。

 a victim mentality。 You guys ever heard of a self fulfillfilling prophecy。 Well。

 if you're thinking that everyone is out to rationalize against you。 what's gonna happen。

You're going to create that all right， so don't let it happen Okay， don't let it happen。

 don't start thinking like that look， to be really phenomenal in this area。

 you have to be able to hold paradoxical realities in your mind and not be bothered by the paradox。😡。

Okay， remember that， guys， you have to on one level。 Look， on one level。

 you can know what's going on。 Like you can see， okay， this is going on。But on another level。

 you shouldn't be like focusing on it like it's this guy rationalizing this girlly。

 right it's like you can recognize it。 But at the same time you just chill and you like assume the best。

 In fact， generally speaking， you want to assume that all people are really goodnd。

 people are really friendly。 People are really positive。 people are your friends。

 like everyone in the world is your friend and you wish good things on all people and that probably they wish all good things on you。

 But then simultaneously， you also have to be aware of how things can work right And these are two paradoxical realities that you hold in your mind that you can shift in and out of as needed。

 so。The most liberating mindset is this。Except that the world owes you nothing。😡。

And then the long run， you'll get back no more and no less than you deserve。 All right。

 I can't even stress that enough。 Just accept that the world owe you nothing。

 Don't be trying to take value where you don't deserve it。

 Don't even be trying to feel like even where you do deserve value， don't even get caught up in it。

 Like， you know， I'm big noise here。 This person is recognizing it。 Just don't worry about it， guys。

 The world's a light place。 Really， let it just be a light place。 Don't get caught up in this stuff。

 I just want to let you guys know about it because no master at this could really exist without understanding it。

 But at the same time， don't focus on it。 So let's move on。😡，The magnet。Value is a magnet。

Like I said， it's dragging around your perception all the time。 How do you know when you have value。

 you don't have value， Let's think about this， okay。LetHop up some gentlemen here， H up， guys。

 give me five people here。 U four want to hop up， hop up for me。Okay， just come right here。

Just hop on up here。 Come on up guys。All right， thank you so much for indulging me， okay， so look。

Let's say that you are the pimp here。 Okay， you're a big pimp。 You like that， Okay， And all right。

 and let's say that we are the group of girls， okay。😊，All right， now let's think about this， Okay。

 let's say that we're talking， he's going to come in and he's going to begin conversing with us。

Let's say that he has no value， right？ He just isn't communicating value。

 Well here come in and say hi and how would we react based on what we just talked about。 Go ahead。

 up， Oh， hey， how's it going， Yeah， Oh cool。 anyway。 Yeah， So yeah Yeah， Yeah， you see that。

 It's like the crane of the neck boom。 Now how about what if he has value。

 Let's do the same little thing again， just to hammer this point home， Go ahead。 up Oh， hey， Yeah。

 just looking at you I just want to tell you。You're fucking gorgeous， man。Okay， all right， okay。

 all right。 then now they get all caddy and they go， allright， Allright， okay。

 so you guys see the difference here。 Okay， so that what's going on is on one level。

 you see like kind of just like the craning of the neck back to the group， right， closeended answers。

 right， You know， how's it like oh， you think I'm people， Oh thanks， right， you know。

 how's your not going， Oh good， boom， when you have value。 It's all， oh， turns like this smiles。

 maybe some touching， open ended open ended answers。 like， you know。

 like she's allowing the conversation to pursue。 you guys understand that。 Okay。

 give these guys a clap for coming up here。 Thank you guys。 Okay。😊，So。

Look that's how you know if you have value not， is your magnet strong， is your magnet weak。

 all right， when you have a lot of value， people will listen to what you have to say and they'll try to impress you in conversation when you don't have value。

😡，No， go， Likewise， when you have value， if you say， hey， why don't we go eat at this restaurant。

 Okay， boom， you can move it over， right， when you don't have value。

 you try to move it forward and they're too busy。😡，Okay，A lot of guys are like， oh。

 you don't ask her this。 She said she couldn't go。 now， dude， if you'd had more value。

You she would have gone not all the time。 Okay， don't start。

 don't go down that route of like getting a low self-esteem and stuff like that。 if people don't go。

 believe me， I ask girls to restaurants all the time。 a lot of time they say no。

 and it's not a value issue。 It's just a logistical issue。 the friends of whatnot。 But the point is。

😡，When your magnet is strong， people， you know， if you change the direction of the conversation。

 they're into it。 if you say let's change the venue， they're into it。 If you say let's you know。

 let's you know here， come talk to me， they're into it when you don't have the value， No go。

 All right， Now， look， I want you to think of this as a warm end and a cold end of the pool。Okay。

 warm men and cold end of the pool。 So what that means is like this。

 Everyone wants to be in the warm end of the pool， right。😡，Everyone likes the hot tub。

Everyone likes the hot tub， yeah， right so basically no one wants to get kicked out of the hot tub。

 no one wants to be in the chokeed end of the table， right？You know。

 when you're at a big dinner table， everyone wants to be at the cool person end。

 They don't want to be at the boring end where everyone kind of just sits there looking over at the cool end。

 Okay， by the way， one thing I always do， I view it like the parties with me wherever I go。

 So I will sit arbitrarily。 I don't mind sitting with people that aren't as popular and stuff like that。

 because I'm gonna make that the fun end。 I'm not looking for other people for stimulation。

 I recommend you do the same。 I really recommend that。 make that a habit。 But point is。😡。

No one wants to get kicked out of the warm end of the pool， okay？😡。

You ever had a buddy that doesn't make you look good in a social situation。

 even though he's a close friend。 Maybe maybe it's harder to say near him in the environment， right。

 same kind of thing。 I think a good person doesn't let that get to them。 If they're with their buddy。

 they're with their buddy。 But the point is， some people can't handle that。 You know。

 they're all best friends。 And then when they're put in a different situation， It's not so good。

 All right， the natural inclination is just a slip into the pool， where it feels good。

 Have you guys ever。Being talking to a group of people。

 And maybe you just found yourself addressing one specific person who is the most popular because you're trying to get their approval。

 All right， you can see this if you're in a group， if you're in a circle。

 you might start you kind of talk to everyone equally。

 but you're kind of looking at this one main guy。 We call that the anchor of the conversation。

 All right， The anchor of the conversation is the one who everyone's trying to get their approval。

 Everyones is listening to them。You know，They're dictating the reality there， essentially。

That's like when you approach a group of girls you yourself talking to one target and the rest Yes。

 and what that does is shows her that you place extremely high value on the interaction。

 therefore causing you to not look as attractive other times however。

 by going for the grill you want， it looks attractive because you take what you want。

 you're not some bullshit or who's indecisive， so it's two size every coin。All right， so look。

Next concept。Guess what， guys。Value。You'll like it， how are now？第一。有没有。Oh no。Oh now， man。

I think I goofed that one on a last on too， and like，All right， look。

Everything changes based on the situation。 you know that same buddy that made you look bad in one situation。

 well guess what， maybe if you go hang out in his environment with his friends。

 he makes you look pretty darned good and now suddenly you find yourself clinging onto him， okay。😡。

That leads us to the next term。 We call it situational value。

 Social value can come as a result of a specific situation。 All right。

 It's a form of value that isn't worth anything on its own， but in a particular situation。

 as a result， the environment is worth a lot。A couple examples。😡。

The professor who gives the inspiring lecture in the classroom。The performer playing a concert。

The guy throwing the party at his house， the DJ playing the music that everybody loves。

 The celebrity that everyone is whispering about glances at the bartender or the promoter with continual flows of people wanting something from them。

 All of those guys benefit from an increase in their situational value。😊。

The environment gives them a status that they wouldn't have on their own。

 and this leads to the next thing， which we call。😡，Situational。Confidence。Situational confidence。

What is it？Situational confidences like this。 If you know that you can anticipate a positive response because of your environment。

 you're gonna to feel confident。 Does everyone here have one environment at least where they feel totally。

 totally confident。Good， okay， everyone has that one environment where you feel like you can be you。

And you don't feel stifled in any way， shape or form。😡，So let's think about it。Take the professor。

Got a professor in school， maybe college， high school， if you think back。When he's speaking。

 if he has a respect to the class， typically the kids are not going to speak with the same depth。

 like ressonation in their voice， the same conviction， that kind of thing。

 except usually that one rebel in the class。 and by coincidence， he's popular with the girls。

Likewise。The guy throwing the party。 He walks over the group， introduces himself。 Everyone goes。

 just like we showed， oh， hey， right， Maybe they don't know that he's that he's the host of the party。

 So he goes， oh， hey what's up。 And they're just like， oh yeah， what's up。 And then later。

 they find out that's the host。 It's like， oh， hey。😊，funny how that works。

 especially in the city that we're in right now。All right， oh man， we used to throw a couple parties。

 let me tell you。嗯。Next。The bartender。He's in the bar， right？

What happens when you put the bartender into。A lecture hall。

What happens to confidence is authority goes down。 What happens when you put the lecture professor into a bar。

 his behavior changes。Okay，There are simple changes in his behavior。

 Thats a result of situational confidence。 When you can assume value because of the environment。

 you have situational confidence， Think about that。 You're like， hey， look。

 I've got value in this situation。 I can just assume value。Now think of it this way。

Value basically prompts you to be more attractive， All right。Think about that， guys。 How does value。

 knowing that you have value， How does it prompt you to be more attractive。 Well， it's a basic。

 Here's the most basic of basic distinctions。Really key this And it's an important one。

 The most basic distinction that I can come up with is when you know that you have value。

 you will tend to be outside of your head。And when you don't think that you have value。

 youll tend to be inside your head。All right， outside your head， inside your head。

Another way that we call that， another expression， when you know that you have value and you have nothing to be concerned about in this world。

 you tend to be in the moment。😡，When you don't believe that you have value。

 you tend to be what's called micromanaging。All right， so in your head and in the moment。Sorry。

 outside your head and in the moment， in your head in micromanaging。😡，What an irony， what an irony。😡。

When you have value。You'll naturally behave in ways that just are in alignment with that。

 but when you need it most。😡，When you need most to actually act confident。😡。

You will start thinking about it。 Oh， how can I I confident？ How can I make these people like me。

 Is that good enough， Is that good enough what I said。And how attractive is that？

That's not going to attract anybody。That's only going to turn girls off。

 is's going to make you contrived， It's going to make you unnatural， all right？😡。

That is why you want to be outside your head and in the moment。So。Some symptoms。

 when you're outside your head， you are enjoying yourself acting in the moment。

 letting your real personality come out， saying what's on your mind。

 being unaffected by how other people react， being detached from the outcome of any one particular interaction。

 taking things as they come， you guys ever heard the expression taking things as they come。

 fucking fantastic All right， being fully present to what's going on around you and assuming and expecting that everyone is your friend。

 That's called in the moment outside your head。 What about when you're in your head Okay when you're in your head。

😡，Your mind is， you are not enjoying the moment for what it is。 Think about that。

 You're not enjoying the moment for what it is。 And you're always saying yourself， look。

 here's the key。 Here is the key， the underlying key to all of this。😡。

How can I make this moment better。That's the key right there。 You're like。

 I'm not happy with the way things are。 Like， I'm not comfortable with my social status here。

 How can I make things better。 How can I get more status， How can I get more liked。

 How can I get more acceptance， How can I get more validation？ That's when you go in your head。

How can I make the moment better， not just enjoying it for what it is。Makes you feel unnatural。

 force， needy， contrived。When you're in your head。What are the symptoms？

Trying to change your personality specifically to make people like you。😡。

Feeling flustered by all the social things that you think you need to be doing。😡。

Being emotionally affected by other people's reactions。

 feeling like some particular interaction has to work， or you might not get another chance。

 That is huge， by the way， feeling like this has to work or I won't get another chance of a girl with this quality for a while。

 Oh my God， like how to not get the girl 1 on1。Trying to think， oh horrible。 Oh like I'm like。

 going to vomit over my screen when reading is trying to think a step ahead and analyze how everyone will respond to you。

Being too stuck in your mind to really even pay attention to what's going on around you and feeling like you're being judged。

Look。You want to know the best way to make people like you。It's the best way， this is the key。

 I've got the key for you guys。😡，This is it。 If you could just do this， you've got it。

Just express your personality freely。And let the chip fall where they may。

That's the number one way to make people like you。 Not everyone's going to like you。

 Some people are going to hate you， right， There's going to be haters when you do that。

A lot of people hate it when someone can express their personality freely and not care because there's envy there。

 But the point is， if you can just express your personality freely and let the chips fall or they may。

 the majority of the time that's going be in your best interest。

 That's who's gonna be the most attractive both to women and to people in general。 All right。

 And when I say people in general， that's because， of course。

 a guy who's good who's a good people person is naturally gonna be good with women most of the time。

Don't try to influence it。 Look， I want you to guys to think about this almost like a religion。

It implies that you're secure with who you are and that you probably have the value to back it up。

 All right， think about that。Express your personality freely and let the chips fall where they may。

 What does it imply， You're cool with who you are， and you probably have the value to back it up。

Isn't that interesting。 It's by trying less and just expressing yourself and being you。

 you're actually。You're actually communicating more value than if you're trying to communicate value。

 isnn't that funny。It'， it' a veryo taoist concept， in action。Which part？

The last sentences you say about trying when you're trying to add value you're basically not when youre Yeah because you're like。

 this is like most guys。Okay， there's the girl。I contact。Voice。Funny ones。😀。Hey， okay， that's。

 you know， and and then okay gotta do this， right， Then they're going into their head。 Like。

 where's my next piece。 Where's my next line， right， They're going into their head， Okay。

 what you'll find when you start using this this kind of way of doing things is that any time you go into your head to try to impress。

 you lose the girl。 when you just chill， stay outside your head and enjoy the moment。

 it's like a magnet， just ro towards you。 So really try to remember that one。 In fact。

 what I just said there， that little bit that I just said there where I said when you really get into this。

 any time that you go into your head， you'll find that you repel the girl。

 And when you just stay outside of your head， even if what you're saying is not as intelligent as if you would have gone into your head to fish it out。

😊，You'll still hold more attraction。 And when you start to notice this。

 it's really gonna mess with your head because you're gonna because really like you're gonna be talking the girl and you're just saying nonsense and she's completely into it。

 And then you think like and then she'll say something that will trigger your association in your mind of like some cool thing that you want to say。

 But as soon as you have to you're like whats that like really cool like thing that I can do to prove myself and impress her。

 And as soon as you go into your head to try to like impress her。

 even though what you said was impressive， she'll go， oh， that's really cool。 Anyway。

 it's nice to meet you right boom later。 and you'll see that， you'll start to notice it。

 And it takes it took me about after I noticed it。😊。

It took me probably three months to even admit to myself that that was going on and then maybe like another like year to stop that habit of going into my head to try to like drop my little smart。

 clever things。 All right， so it does take time。 But when， but you know you know what's cool。

 when you actually can stop being in that mode where you're always trying to impress the person。

 even in subtle ways， even if you know not to quote unquotequ yourself。

It just like stops subtly trying to impress people。 You can just enjoy being with them。 Like。

 you can just enjoy like this very refreshing kind of vibe。

 And because so few guys are capable of doing that， women will very。

 very often tend to find that a very attractive because it's conveying you look。

 think of it this way。 Say that you've got some impressive thing， right。😊，You know。

 you make a lot of money or you know， you climb some cool mountain or just whatever like it is that you're trying to think of。

 Okay， and then you're with the girl。What if rather than mentioning that。

 Maybe you just save that one， maybe save it for deeper in the relationship， whatever。

 And just you know， if it comes out， it comes out。 right Like don't get me wrong。

 stuff comes out right， stuff that's impressive that you did comes out。 It will come out。

 But if you're having to like break the vibe and kind of like go into your head to try to seek a reaction。

 What you're gonna find is you would have been better off just to be chill。

 because what is it communicating if you could have stayed outside your head and vibebed。

 you're communicating so many more powerful qualities。

 the qualities that you're gonna be communicating when you just vibe It says showing that you probably have the value to back it up。

 probably that you know you have a lot of friends in this world that you don't even need anymore。

 but maybe you're just enjoying company。 You're enjoying talking to but you you've got five girls home and you don't even need anything and therefore you're not even trying right and what you're subcom is so much more powerful when you can just be in the moment and allow the words to arise and come out。

 You guys don't need to understand that， by the way。

 You'll understand that by the end of the third day， Probably this is the first day。

We'll go really in depth with what I'm talking about soon enough。

