# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：11.极性与能量【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

How guys， doing it。Good， good， good， good morning。You want to know something。

 I forgot something yesterday。I forgot something。I had one of those。Hmerric doughe moments。All right。

 that's kind of silly joke now look。I was thinking yesterday about the state issue and you guys remember when I said pause now listen。

 there's certain issues when we think about state and when we understand what state is。

 and if we focus on it too much，That can cause us not to go into say， do you guys remember that？😡。

Okay， good。So if you guys remember what I said was first of all， don't resist it right。

 don't create additional resistance。 And second of all， I said to take right action。 Okay。

 just make the choice to move through Well， here's the part that I forgot。

 and I remember I was sitting there and I was like there's something else I'm going to tell you in a bit。

 and let me just think of it， I couldn't remember what it was。

 I don't like to read off a PowerPoint so much as you guys notice。 So occasionally that will happen。

 All right now look。Here's the sort of realization that I had。

 And once I had this realization between this and some other stuff。

 I'm going to show you guys later today， state became a lot easier for me。 All right， Now here it is。

 Your mind。Generally speaking， like we said， may try to block you from the Nimbs。Right。

 it may block you from that。 It may block you from going insane staying。

 So how do we get out of that？ Allright， How do we shock our way out of that。Well。

 I want you guys to think about it， We talked about imprints。 Do you guys remember that， Yes， good。

 All right， By the way， when you guys were out last night。

 could you sort of notice yourself accessing different imprints and sort of seeing how your behavior maybe change in subtle or obvious ways。

 Okay， now， look。When you're trying to access the part of your mind that you want and your mind is blocking you from doing so。

 this is kind of how I see it。😡，Principle number one， you are not your mind。 All right。

 your mind is like the sum of all the different autopilot responses that you have。

 social conditioning that you have， memory， labels， interpretations， that kind of stuff。 So look。

 you have the ability to kind of say， you know， to take over。 All right。

 not to let your mind drag you around like it's you're in like a wild river or something that you can be the one that takes control now。

😡，Imagine it's like this， in your mind， you have the instruction manual for how to be a pimp。😡，Okay。

 the manual is there。 Okay， that's called your imprint。 You got the manual。

 Why don't we imagine that that's a lot like a manual for flying an airplane。😡。

So let's say that you get into an airplane。 You've got your buddy right here。

 your best friend because your mind is your best friend。

 but your best friend can be annoying sometimes。So you're sitting there and you're flying and you say。

 look， we're going to go fly this plane。😡，He says， do here， flying that plane。

 That's just going to get us in trouble。 You say， no， we're flying the plane。He says， no。

 we're not going to do that。 We're gonna get in trouble。 You say， look， we're flying this plane。

 Okay， so you drag him into the plane， which is kind of like you drag yourself into the nightclub。

 Okay， you drag him into the plane and you start the plan。 he's going do， to not do this。

 I'm not going to let you do this。 Gu， you say， we're doing it。😡，All right。

 now he's got the instruction manual in his hand。😡，Okay， now think about this。

 he's got the instruction manual in his hand and he says， I'm not giving you the instruction manual。

 why aren't you going to give me the instruction manual。

 I'm not going be able to fly this plane if you don't give me the instruction manual。😡，He says， dude。

 because if I give you the instruction manual， you're going to go and you're going to fly。

So I'm not giving it to you。So see， that's when you've got to kind of。

Show your best friend that you're not screwing around。😡，This is happening anyway。

 That's what it comes down to。 So you can imagine it。 It's like you're in the plane。

 you're taken off and you pull it and you go， start driving forward。 How about now， man。

 You gonna give me that manual？😡，Okay， no I'm not giving you the man。 Okay， How about now。

 we're in a little acceleration。 Come on， dude， We both know we're doing this。

 Just give me the manual。 Okay， no， no， I'm not giving you the manual。 start to take off。

 You're in the area like dude。We're done， unless to give you that manual because this is happening。

 we're in the air。' give manual。 I'll give you the manual and it gives you the manual。 Okay。

 then you go。😊，Boom， let's go。 All right， if only k was so simple。

 but really meaning women is and look。😊，Essentially， what's happening here is you know how to talk。

 you know how to be confident。 all those little mannerisms， you have picked those up。

 you might have picked them up consciously like through your study of social dynamics or you might have picked them up or I can guarantee you picked them up if you have any social acuity。

 even a minor amount， you don't think that you do don't worry you have picked them up unconsciously All right so in the same way that you might feel someone's status that's because your unconscious mind knows what status looks like。

 And when you recognize yourself as being in that role。

 you guys remember the totem pole from yesterday， when you recognize that you're in that role。

 it will give you access。 So think of it like a math problem when you're a kid or say in high school if you're mathematician now。

 I remember when I was in grade 10， which is about how far I'm hitting math。😡。

I I would always have a hard time with that first question that was always the toughest one and I would procrastinate it and I would procrastinate it and finally when I would sit down that first math question would take me maybe five。

 six minutes， even if it was a small one but then the second one would take two minutes and then the third one it was just like 30 seconds。

 30 seconds， 30 seconds right and that's because you have access that math part of your brain in a lot of ways it's really no different right。

 see once you go past approach anxiety。😡，All right， once you're past that。

You you may not have approach anxiety in the sense that you're like， oh， you know。

 I'm afraid to approach this girl or stuff like that。

 but you might still get those kind of moods Look， say that you're sitting with your buddies。

 You're sitting there at a bar or at a restaurant having a good time。

 And there's some girls over there。 you want to go and talk to you Well， obviously。

If you say you're having a very logical conversation with your friends。

 your mind might not have accessed that part， that part of your mind yet that would make you most accessible with women。

 So the thing is you've got to kind of snap yourself out of it That's really what it comes down to you It's no different than when're sitting there watching television and your mind goes no。

 I am resting and leave me alone and you don't want to get up and do that first math problem。

 So it's just like flying the plane。 you have to snap yourself into it。 This is how I see it。

 let me put it to you this way。 The philosophy I'm talking about right now is how I approach virtually everything in my life because say that I'm gonna to come up here and do a seminar this morning。

😡，Look， if I wake up after a couple hours sleep。😡，I I can assure you， believe it or not， Okay。

 really， I'm not like， I'm in the mood to go talk for another seven hours。H， I know what I'll do。

 I'll go up in front of all these cameras。And I'll go talk for seven hours。

 That sounds like a great idea。 All right， I'm I don't。

 I don't like wake up out of my bed in the morning， even though people probably imagine this of me。

 wake up out of my bed in the morning， like， Hey guys， how are you doing， All right， welcome to RSD。

 Oh wait， that's my alarm clock。 Oh okay， that's not the mode， right。YeahBut regardless， I know that。

 you know， let me tell you something I know about myself because I know that I have done it before and I can do it again。

 even as I walk down this path right I come down the elevator。

 I'm just doing my voice exercise that warm my voice up while the weird the hotel people look at me like I'm strange and walk down here。

 get up front I'm ready to go all right I don't even need to think about it well that's very much how I do approaches all right I might experience the same kind of thing that you guys experience but the thing is I'm like okay there's girls over there。

I can't think of anything to say right now。 Nothing's coming up。Well。

 I guess that's going to be awkward。 Let's go， right， Okay， and then I go。 All right， okay。

 and that's it。 And I'll go And even if I can't， I'm like， a。😊，Right？What's going on， right？

 And it goes like， oh， and I'm like。😀す。Anyway， right and I'll do that。

 I'm a lot more likely to do that than do what I used to do like know。

 a couple years ago back in the day， like what most newer guys do， which is like， oh man。

 how I going to do I don't want to do right to go1，23 I'm not really like that so much。

 I trust myself And I want you guys to trust yourselves。 just force that snap look。

 sometimes even you know， I've been running the boot camps for over half a decade now。

 but I remember my first couple years of running the live boot camps。

 It was the same sort of thing I might be teaching seminar it's kind of funny because when you teach seminar all day you're kind in a logical headspace and then you get out there sometimes what would happen is I just wasn't feeling the vibe and and I would approach the first group of girls and I would have a really rough time。

 and what do you think I do look let me show you what I would do versus what most guys would do Most guys are like they go talk to that first girl。

 She blows them off。 He's like man， And then he goes back know with his buddies man kind of like procrastinating。

Do the next one。 That's not how I always did it。 Okay， that's not how I train myself because I can't。

 I don't have the luxury of doing that。 So I'm just kind of like， it's kind of like。あ。

Hey heyy she doesn't like me either。 oh hey， right， Okay， until something snaps。

 Okay that's how I do it。 You don't want to sit there procrastinating and letting yourself get stuck in your head。

 All I'm really trying to do if if I'm look if I'm very in my head that day。

 which you know I've actually managed just to give you guys some hope here I've managed to kind of like move past that。

 But let's say that I'm having unusually rough day and I'm stuck in my head。

 I'm not likely to just sit there， hoping for things to happen。 Alright， I'm gonna go boom。

 boom boom until something clicks until my mind goes， my mind goes， okay， here's the manual。 damn。

 this guys noxious， right， that's the thing。 you want to be like that obnxious guy。 All right。

 to your mind。 Okay， like when your mind won't give you what you're looking for。

 it should be like give it， do me right， Go it。 hey， that's what it's like but most guys are like。

 come on。😊，그。Please。just give me the manual right， No， no， give me the manual。 Okay， give it to me。

 right that's how you want to be。 All right with your mind。 And that's how I'm like。

 that's what I'm saying。 I'm like I'm like oh I'm like you're gonna pay for Let's go。 All right。

 That's how it's got to be when you start off。 You're starting to approach women。

 Don't let yourself start feeling bad don't look， don't start running down that path like oh。

 this isn't working man， you know， man see that's even the thing like if you've taken a seminar on this。

 you watched a seminar on this。 right， that's only creating down much more resistance and selfpity when you can't do it。

 you know what I'm saying because like all these other guys are doing it， I've taking course on it。

 I can't even do it。 So see if anything， that's gonna create more resistance。 So look。

 don't allow resistance even to occur。 That's the bottom line。 All right， Coldpo， Col ocean。

 How do you go in。 You jump in。 you ever go swimming in the ocean and you see those dudes that are putting their tippy toes in。

 They're trying to tippy toe it。😊，Right you know that and then you kind of like weighade in and they're like。

 right And then like you get up to your waist point like right where your belly button is you're like。

 this is too cold。 Okay， is that how you go in the ocean， No hellll no， right， You just go in， Okay。

 that's how it's done and。Look， inevitably， you guys will go out。And you will mess it up。

 And I mess it up every so often as well。 But you want to know something。That's okay。

 because when you mess up， you just take it as a reminder。Of why you do things the way that you do。

 All right， any time that you screw something up， just take it as a reminder。Now， look。

Let's get back onto conflicting reality， and I want to start off by telling you guys a story。😡。

I want to tell you guys a story。So I meet these， I'm out with my friend on Melrose。

 and we meet these three girls。Okay， this is kind of a bizarre story， as' for many， my early 2s。

 kind of like a silly。Frat type story。 So you meet these three girls。Change phone numbers。

 I just forgot about it。 The next morning， they call me up。 They say they want to come and hang out。

 All right， They're from San Diego。 We're live in Los Angeles。 I said， all right， you can come over。

 It was three girls。嗯。Nice guy that I am。 I know another girl that I want to see。

 So I wind up calling over a fourth girl。 Allright， and the three girls are with my friends。

 What happened， however， was that the girl who initially took my number。

 she kept trying to talk to me and stuff like that。 But because I tossed her over to my friend。

 her and my friend wound up hooking up。 So that was like a really fun night， everyone。

 all four of us had a really great night， Fun for all involved。😊，Two weeks later， they come back。

And apparently， this girl has now got it in her head that now that she's hooked up with that guy。

 she's gonna like run through the whole squad or something。

 And like I'm like the next one on the list。 So we go out to a club and she's talking to me and I will not give her any attention because she's with my friend。

 and I will not do that under any circumstances。 All right， So， I mean， I'll talk to her。

 But the point is I'm not gonna flirt back。 So look，We go back to the house。

 and she's being all all weird。 All right， She's acting totally uncool to my friend。

 who honestly been completely cool。 And I don't like this one little bit。 Okay。

 it's really making me mad。 I get very sensitive when my friends get messed with more than I'm more sensitive when my friends get bothered than even when I get bothered。

 so。I just looked at the situation， I said， I don't like this。 I said， you're all gone。

 you're all out of here。😡，Get out。 We're going。 Okay， so boom， you're out。 We walk down the hill。

 We go to Mel's diner。Walk down to Mill's diner。I take my buddy， I say。

 we're grabbing some new girls。Sit them down。Walk up to two exotic dancer girls。

 Take their phone number， but that wasn't going anywhere。 Walk up to these two other blonde girls。

 Make out。Pull them upstairs as we walk upstairs， I waved to the girl that were me to my friend。

And walk upstairs， Okay， because I was angry。 I was just super， super， duper piss very mature。

 I'm not going to tell you that you guys should do that。

 I'm just saying what I was like in my early 20s， I was a maniac so。😡，Go upstairs。Anyway。

A couple months down the line。The same girls call me up， and they apologize profusely。 All right。

 They apologize and apologize and apologize。 I say， all right， look， maybe you can come over。

 meet me down at the restaurant and we'll talk and I'll decide if if you guys can come back over again。

 we'll think about it。 So they come over。And they're sitting there。And we're talking。

 and suddenly they kind of scurry out。All right， isnn't that kind of funny， Like discre。

 And I didn't think anything of it。 So I get a phone call from outside。 And she's like， oh， you know。

 my friends need to get a tam on。I， where can I go， I say， okay， go up to the pink dot， they leave。

 right， So I'm sitting there in line。Now， it's funny。 And these are three， you know。

 pretty attractive girls。 This like heroin junkie， nasty， like just。

Ruggged looking dude comes up to me。And he's like， how do you know those girls？I didn't talk to him。

 right。Like God， I just kept talking my friends。So then he says again， he's like。

 how do you know Christy。I'm like， how do you know Christy， right？ And he's like。

 is she trying to make me jealous。what are you talking about， dude， right？ And he's like， oh。

 you're the guy that lives with Courtney love， aren't you， right， And I'm like。Yeah， and he's like。

 oh man， you guys really did a number on them。 They were mad at you， right， And I'm like。

 what are you talking about。So he goes on to tell the story。 Basically， what he says。

 and here's what it comes down to， is that after we drop them off。The girls came over。

 sat at these guys' table， he's a heroin dealer。拣。Brings them up to his apartment。

 There's two of them and three girls。They don't have anyone to hook up with a third girl。

So this is what he says， he says， we called over the biggest nerd。

 the biggest loser you've ever seen， and he came over and the third girl。

 she just pulled down her pants and he just stuck it in。Okay。😊，好 shit。W is this？

Because this is my friend Tod's girl， right， story Ta。其鱼。😊，Right？Like， this is L， right。

 This is classic Hollywood。 just drama， okay， nonsense。So then he says to me。

 and this is a lesson for you guys， like， he's like， none of you guys had sex with him， right？

I'm like excusecus me， he's like they said they were virgins， we didn't use condoms。All right。

And I was like。2。Holy shit。 These girls just had sex with no conment， heroin dealers， right。

 They don't even know them。What is going on here， Allright， I'm shocked。 Okay， shocked。

 I'm just just like this is like I'm new to L at this point， right。

 I've never seen this kind of thing。 You veterans of L're like， oh yeah， yeah。

 that happened last week whatever right， I could not believe it。 Okay。

 because these were just three very nice sweet girls。 And look。

That is what opened up my mind to the next thing that I'm going to talk to you guys about。 All right。

 this shocking story。 Okay， so look。We talked about how people have their own sense of reality。Okay。

 everyone has a sense of reality。 So what kind of reality。What those girls might have。

 do you remember we talked about it yesterday？Okay。Simultaneously， weak and strong。

 and we'll get there simultaneously weak and strong。 So what are some concepts in the reality。

 I'm a hot girl。 Guys want me。 Guys chased me。I'm desired that kind of thing。 All right。

 We'll talk about what happens when that reality breaks down。 Okay。

 and what the heck happened in this bizarre situation。 So look。

The first thing we're going to talk about today as we lead into that is called masculine polarity。

So think about this concept。Polarity， and what is that？What is it， how do guys try to get it。

 what do guys do when they lack it， what do you do when you lack it？😡，Alright。First off。

Women have a simultaneously strong and weak reality。Ain't that the truth？Okay， so on one level。Take个。

Take some of the bizarre anomalies we see out here in Los Angeles。

 Sa that you have a girl who's a model。 She's doing modeling。 On one level， she knows she's hot。

Agreed。Okay， she knows she's hot。 But on another level， she's also taking criticism like， oh。

 you have a improperly placed nostril or something。 You know， like some kind of nonsense， right。

 your left toe， your left pinky toe has a rereckle on it。 right？ And she's like， oh God， so hideous。

 Okay， because she's competing with those other beautiful girls。

 We'll talk more about how this plays in the ego structure later。 But look。

Girls have tend to have both a very， very strong sense of reality in the sense that for a choke talking to them。

 they know very well who they are。 but at the same time， that reality can also crumble very。

 very quickly when you know when those kinds of。😡，You know。

 thought patterns start to emerge in their minds。 All right， So， look， as a guy。

 when you're speaking to an attractive woman， it can seem like she's really centered。

 She's really strong in her unreal reality at first。 As time goes on。

 you begin to realize that most people in general who haven't studied self-actualization。

 The majority of people that have never studied being centered being selfactized。

 most of them are not that centered。 Do you want to know why that is。

Because its because it is unconscious competence and they don't know how they're doing it。 right。

 They feel centered most of the time。 But when they start to fall off their center。

 they don't recognize the behaviors。 They don't know what's going on。 So they just start to react。

 You see the same thing in like the quote unquote， popular。

 cool guys where they can be really dominant， really alpha。

 But sometimes the people don't react them in the way they expect。

 They take on the behaviors of a showed。 And the reason why is because they don't have a conscious understanding of what's going on。

 They're just reacting。That's why it's great to study self development， social dynamics。

 self actualization。So we go back to polarity。And the differences between guys and girls。

Have you guys ever noticed that a lot of like the hottest girls？In like the movie industry or， know。

 models and stuff like that。 They tend to date very eccentric boyfriends a lot of time。

 has ever seen that。 Okay， have you guys ever seen like。

Take a guy like who might not be considered in a classical sense good looking。

 Take a guy like Jack Black， All right， just to throw an example。

 because isn't it funny how whenever we look at like the cool guys out there we'll look at like you know the George Clonies or the Brad Pit or something like that。

 Why don't we as a group start maybe looking at。The quote unquote。

 not classically attractive guys who we still think could be really successful with women。

 So one guy， I think he's a married or has a girlfriend because he just， you know。

 he probably just loves life and he just loves his girl。

 But the point is is that if you look at that guy， that's an example of a guy who you could really picture being out at a club and just being so selfammused So in his own reality that he could spark a lot of attraction。

 Who knows if it totally crumbles in front of women， I have no idea but you could picture that。

 All right， you could picture what that would be like， take a guy like Chris Farley。

You guys don't remember Chris Farley， R IP， right？ I would bet you。 And I mean， who knows。

 But I would bet you that that's the kind of guy that could really get up in a girl's face and just be so silly and so ridiculous。

 And if a girl's really， really gorgeous， shes just never seen that before。 You know。

 a guy that could just get up there and just be so just funny and in his own reality。

 and that would be something that would be really attractive。

 All right These are kind guyss more on the comedian side。

 I just wanting to get you guys thinking about that and what's involved in that。

 why a lot of the time girls did Acccentric boyfriends。S。Soute。

What are the differences in behaviors between guys and girls， Let's really think about this。

Differences in behaviors。 How does a girl show a strong polarity versus a guy showing a strong polarity。

When we say polarity， what we mean by that is like that draw。

 that sort of draw of attention towards you。Polarity， that's like a magnet。 You guys know magnet。

 Man has polarity。 So it's kind of like that attracting force。 All right， likewise。When as a guy。

 when you have a strong polarity， when a girl stands beside you。

 she's gonna feel that energy coming off of you。 All right。

 she's gonna to feel those emotions going on。 and she'll probably rationalize that in a million different ways。

 Or maybe she'll just know its attraction， whatever it is。

 But she's gonna feel that even just standing next to you。She's going to feel that。 Likewise， look。

 have you guys ever been standing beside a girl who。

 even if she wasn't the most physically attractive。

 Like maybe she was not your perfect1 in terms of looks。Look， let's say she's straight up，'， look。

 let's go hardcore her， let's say she's just straight up。Round。Thatatty。

Have you not in your entire life inexplicably found a factor or attractive， You know what I'm saying。

 Okay， I'm like， I haven't got you that right？ now， like， look。😊，Right， no really。

 like let's be real here like have you not ever been speaking with a girl who is not physically like physically attractive at all and you're just like kind of entranced。

 you know， all right， and you don't know why what's that Yeah， like what does that mean Ruesque big。

 Okay， she's so rubenes right All right， so look。Likewise。

 have you ever been speaking with a girl who's like dropped dead gorgeous。

 who every ched would probably drop to his knees to hook up with her and you just feel nothing nothing right。

 can't feel a damn thing。 You almost feel like you'd be cheapening yourself in a way。

 right And so the thing is。😡，Isnn't that kind of like like a funny sort of thing And by the way。

 when we talk about being naturally screening and naturally selective， I think a lot of guys。

 there's so much coming from the frame I've got to hook up with every hot girl that will have me。

 they're not very naturally screening， whereas when you can get in touch with what really attracts you with what your1 is。

😡，In that case， you can be a lot more naturally screening。 Now， look， that's where polarity comes in。

 So let's talk a little bit more about that and what that means。All right。

Have you guys ever heard of congruent tests good？😡，A congruence test。

 Most girls are not exactly looking to offer themselves to just any guy。

 They need a guy that's strong。 He said he's in his everyday interaction with the world so they can trust him if the situation gets hectic and they can just have a good time and can just experience good emotions when he's around。

All right， so look。I want you guys to consider this。Women have the capacity to be both， you know。

 what you would consider stereotypically masculine and they have the capacity to be what's stereotypically feminine。

 All right， and different women have different needs and desires at different points of their lives。

 Take a girl like Hillary Clinton， for example， I don't。From what I've seen of her。

 which is very little， truth be told。 so I can't really judge。 But from what I've seen。

 she doesn't seem like the kind of girl that wants to be on like， you know。

 the next girl's gone wild video。 right， Girl's gone wild with Hillary。 right。

 girls gone wild Washington。 Okay， scary right。 Okay， all right， be nice。 She be a future president。

 So okay， So look，😊，You know， you don't really picture her like up on the stage。

 fucking bust in a move， right， you know， it's hard to kind of， you know。

 picture her with their girlfriends， you know， doing tequila off each other's tits or something like that。

 All right， it's kind of okay like tomatoes turn of me。 All right， look， you know。

 that' it's kind of hard to picture that。 All right， because she has， you know。

 she's more in that stereotypically maskman kind of vibe， But generally speaking， even a girl。

So bad to dude even a girl right， who has that side。In a lot of ways。

 she may want to experience that more feminine side。 All right， and a woman。

It cannot really be free to experience that when the guy has no strength to him。All right。

 when the guy doesn't look like he's at ease with the world。

If she doesn't feel like if things get hectic， if she can rely on you， then obviously。

 she is going to have to， you know， be more like Hillary around you。 She cannot。Feel at ease。So。

 again， when we think about a congruence test， she's gonna do little things to mess with you。

 And congruence test can be really obvious， as in when you're first starting to get good at this stuff。

 you very obvious ones， but they can also be subtle。

 And that's and I kind of want to focus on the more subtle ones today because I find that's kind of the stuff I find more interesting。

 Now， as far as the more obvious ones。 look。😊，When a girl is giving a congruuous test。

 she's doing two things。 Numb one， she wants to feel the strength of your reality。

 She wants to feel that off you。 Have any of you guys ever had a girlfriend that was just like addicted to testing you。

 anyone ever had that and she just cannot get enough of it right because it's like a turn on for her to see how you're not gonna react to her nonsense It' like she loves it it can actually be that's kind of the downside of this is like you know once you reach a level where like you just want some like peace and enjoyment with your girlfriend she's like addicted to seeing you like just like come on No。

 right and she's like God right she loves it， then of course， you know sometimes it's just。

It just can kind of mess with your vibe of trying to relax sometimes， but whatever it is what it is。

 right？' teaching the Oh yeah， that's they want to do， Yeah， those rascal kids， all right。

So likewise， they want to feel the strength of your reality and they want to see that you're capable of asserting yourself as a man。

So some of the things that these girls will do is prodding you to justify yourself。

 saying insecure things or sorry， saying obnoxious things to make you jealous or to make you insecure。

 like maybe you're out with a girl on a date and she tells you she has a boyfriend just to mess with you being cranky or throwing tantrum to see if you'll be dragged into it。

😡，Calling you out on your worst features to see if you're insecure about them。😡。

Trying to get you to qualify yourself to her so that she can have the selector role like no。

 you're not the selector， I'm the selector qualify yourself to me。

 she might want to see if you'll do it and likewise， accusing you of things， you know。

 accusing you of being a jerk， accusing you of needing her approval。

 accusing you of not living up to her standards Now look those are the more obvious ones。

 okay those are obviously very， very blatant。😡，Okay。But for the most part。

 you guys remember we spoke yesterday， here is your perceptual input。😡。

And that's what the congruence sets looks like。It doesn't fit。Allright， you don't even see it。

 You just blow it off playfully。 Okay， playfully blow it off。 Don't let it mess your flow。

 Now what is now， let's think， what is a more subtle congruence test， Like on a more subtle level。

 where does this come in， She's wanting to see the strength of your reality。She might。

 She might like， yeah， might be making a decision。 And she's like， no what about this。

Yeah little flick of like yeah， I mean especially like more in a relationship and look。

 can you guys see how a newbie might confuse this because maybe your girls just get like in a relationship is just giving some input of what she wants He's like I can't let her control me right and then of course it looks like he's reacting in and of itself Do you guys see that because if you're trying to control just to make her like you。

 what's happening there It supplication right it's advanced supplication when you're acting indifferent to make her like you。

 what is that called。It's called advanced supplication。Thats think of that as a new term for you。

 Okay， you guys know what supplication is， right？😡。

Advanced supplication thats when that's when you're like trying to do things that you don't even really feel just to make her like you because you heard them from a pickup seminar you know I'm saying that is advanced supplication at the same time。

 sometimes you have to do advanced supplication just to learn how to do it All right。

 there is a learning curve All right， typicallyy you have to start acting indifferent before you actually become indifferent most of the time sometimes you can learn it through inner work as well。

 whatever path you take to get who cares。😡，When you're speaking with a girl。

A more subtle kind of congruent test， which is not even a test on her part， by the way。

 Not even really a test， is like who's controlling the rhythm of the conversation。

 We spoke about this yesterday。 So a lot of the time when you're speaking with the girl in the same way that some girls will give like a really big congruence test。

 like a really obvious one。And then she feels attracted because of that。 Other times。

 you can just be speaking with the girl。 and she just quickly changes the rhythm of her conversation to match yours。

 And immediately， that's giving the same effect as what a congruence test would be。 By the way。

 if you guys ever heard the concept of mirroring mirroring and matching， what is the issue， Okay。

 maybe it's an N LP concept or a rapport concept， that's fine。

 But in terms of being attracted to women， What is the fundamental problem with mirroring and matching。

 at some point，Like immediately right， yeah， you do do think about it if look if I'm like you're sitting here and I'm like。

 I'm trying to match you like， who's leading now right， you don't immediately。

 you're immediately leading right the whole point of This is the problem with white ivory Towers study of attraction。

 Take your white ivory tower nerd doing his PhD master's degree he's like I'm gonna do this on attraction。

 So he goes out to the bar with his notepad and he's looking' like he's watching the couples doing empirical study instead of just actually having some balls and stepping up and do it himself right So he's watching this and he's like it appears that the couples who really like each other will start to mirror each other。

 they mirror each other's movements right therefore。

 when we do our next discovery channel documentary we will put into our documentary。

 You must mirror the other person。 you guys also see this stuff about how they're like， oh。

 you have to have symmetrical face and all that kind of stuff。 right and you look。😊。

I't look like that right Okay， it's like ge， thanks right thanks for limiting Belizes Discover channel all right。

 But the thing is， or like the pheromones， I don't have the right pheromones， all right。

 nonsense okay But the thing is no， you want to be leading All right。

 you want to be leading and then she will mirror you a lot of time and if she doesn't she doesn't。

 what difference does it make， But the point is don't worry about mirroring anybody。All right。

 now look。With congruence tests， the woman wants to feel that you are rooted in your own reality。

 she wants to feel that you're centered， all right。

 and that is creating a lot of polarity right there， that's creating a lot of the draw。😡。

This is something that occurs just in the general interactions。 All right。

 The key distinction are you dictating the energy or are you being affected by it， okay。

Repeat after me， man， when I'm done， man action。😡，明明我。Girl reaction。All right， consider this。 Okay。

 What are most guys doing though around attractive woman。I don't know。

 I just don't know why I can't be successful with women。

 I try to react to everything on time and do these right moves， okay。Reacting now look。Stay positive。

 stay upbeat and act through your own intentions。 tapap into something inside of yourself for your mood。

All right， now look。Say that you're speaking with the girl。

 she breaks the rhythm of the conversation a little bit and you hold it without realizing it。Boom。

 we get attraction。All right， now look。When we talk about acting through your own intentions。

 what does that mean。It is that not one of the toughest？😡，Concepts you could ever think about。

Acting through your own intentions。Because what is acting through your own intentions。 All right。

 clarity， sure， clarity， look， Think， What's that right action， What's that proactive action。

Reaction， All right。 Now when you come to the real social dynamic seminar。You come here。

And you hear from your real social dynamic seminar， act through your own intentions。😡，And so you go。

 okay， I came to the seminar to learn how to attract women to make women like me。

I should act through my own intentions。So you walk up to the girl and you go， man。

 I want her to like me。 I'm really going to act through my own intention so that she'll like me。Okay。

 I'm really going to act through my own intentions because that crazy Mofo Tyler said it's cool。😡，不。

Is that acting through your own intentions？All right， how about this？How about the guy？

Who takes the girl out for months and months of like expensive dayss at like Laurrangeieie or like $10 dollar restaurants。

Because he's brought up to be a gentleman。Because of his social programming。

Is he acting through his own intentions？Right he thinks he is right。

 How about a guy who's being needy， he just feels that that it's like。

 I just can't wait another minute without calling her because I need her so bad and Tyler said to ask her my own intentions。

 I want to call。😡，Is that acting through your own intentions， All right？You can't do it。

 The can't trust it。Exactly， did you have a question back there， by the way？

Now you just like to rest your arm up like。 I do that， too。 That's all good。 All right， so look。😊。

Programming。No， okay？You heard it from RSD as much as I'd love to say so， No， all right。

 that's not acting through your own intentions， Okay， needinginess。😡，Llack。No。

 that is not acting to your own intentions。 Look， acting to your own intentions is something that you come to over years and years and years。

 isn't it， It is like peeling back the layers of programming of other people's。😡，You know。

 nonsense that they've put into your head to get your core。 So every year of your life that goes by。

 you will become better at acting through your own intentions if you have that as a marker that you're shooting towards。

 All right， That's really what it is。 So at first。😡，Okay， here's a great example。

 You want to know just a classic example of this I think is' absolutely great。

 Who here has ever been talking to a girl。 And by the way。

 I'm preparing to now screw up countless newbies who will try this and look like big doors。

 Who's ever been talking to a girl。 She's got a drink， right。

 Like say that say that that's your drink。 talking to you a drink。 And just goes。😊，Thanks， like that。

 anyone ever tried that， Yeah， what happens？She like kind of looks at you and like for a minute。

 she's like trying to see if like， I guess you're congruent， y， where you congruent。

 were you congruent and what happened？She just accepted it drink。

 she smiled and she was like was she more attracted or less attracted？wasVi， all right。

 well that example didn't help me now look okay all right， so look。

 have you ever tried it if this didn't help me， I don't want to hear it last night I was at ran。

 music was on no one was dancing I was with the girl I decided I like the song dancing awesome。

 great， you're leading awesome Okay， anyone here ever tried the drink thing you've tried it。

 what happens when you do it more tracking thank you， Okay， see， I'm right， Okay， now look， okay。

Look yeah， you know， I'm saying like you go like you'll learn this。

 most newbies will try this at some point。 It's like it's one of those weird things that when you're a newbie。

 you're like you really hit the zone right like you hit your stride and then like it suddenly just occurs to you to like take the drink and try Like it's like。

 I probably tried this like my third night everyone out when I got in state。

 All right without even knowing that I was doing it。 And then the girl gets really attracted。

 So then your brain goes。😡，This is awesome， right？ It's my drink move。 You know， I'm saying。

 like my drink move， right？ So later。😊，As a newbie。

 you're talking to the girl and you see attraction is going down because you're being a chad， right。

 And you go， how can I make her like me， and you're like。Ding right， and you're like you're like。

And she's like， what the fuck are you doing？That's my drink by me。

it worked last time right okay so see that's like these funny little anomalies when you're trying to figure out what works and what doesn't or if you're getting pickup advice。

 look isn't pickup advice a funny thing isn't it because when you're learning when guys are giving you their advice on how to be successful with women。

 they at some point tried something and it worked and they liked it So then they write about it and they got and they're trying to help you know they're trying to do their very best to help you because it's work for them and they're giving you their best advice。

😡，But really， it worked for them because they're acting through their own intentions。

 Another guy who's not acting through his own intentions goes out and tries it， it doesn't work。 Now。

 at the same time， though， look， sometimes you can read stuff out of a book and you kind of connect with it。

 you're like， that's funny。 Like I like that okay and then maybe it can be a part of your repertoire So it doesn't necessarily have to be a black and white type thing but I'm just trying to explain why sometimes it work and sometimes it doesn't。

😡，I was just say， you have to be able to own everything you do。If you don't own it。

 then it just it sucks。 Yep， guys you already said， own everything you do。 you don't own it。

 It sucks。 So it's also state and situationally dependent。What's that state and situation dependent。

 Yeah， this， the whole science behind learning to be good with women， the guys in state。

 he goes and he tries this line， and it's amazing。RightAnd then it works。 This is why RSD。

 we do these nonsense openers like you know another nonsense opener that we do。 All right。

 Papa hates it when I teach these， by the way， he's like you shouldn't be teaching this clients。

 It's so stupid and I don't blame them because it could be missing。

 This is the type of thing that writers will write about they're like this is their opener Look at how stupid it is because they're not looking at the context。

 but one opener that I've used。 I go， hey， what do you like better chicken or fish。😡，这で。Really。

 I'm a red meadman myself。Okay， all right， actually the opener is called the do you like chicken opener。

 ay， you like chicken？What do you like better？Carrots or avocados， really， ox strawberries。's try。

 Okay， Allright， okay， just nonsense。 All right， see， he's feeling it。 Can you feel emoji， Yes， okay。

 Yeah， I' see you later baby。 Okay， Yeah， All right， Okay， so look。😊。

That's the thing is like just nonsense。 All right。 One of the reasons why we teach nonsense is because we're trying。

 it's not because it's like nonsense is necessarily the best。

 although sometimes nonsense has a kind of a benefit that it shows you're not trying。 But look。

 what I really like to do is really show guys that you can open with anything。

 That's like kind of a big epiphany on boot camp。 You can open with anything。 All right now。

Going along the little path here with polarity。I've got to be unreactive。

 I've got to act through my own intentions。 I've got to be unreactive。 I can't react。 I can't react。

 I can't react。 I can't react。 I can't react。Is that a good way to think？Hell no， right？Sure。

 negative affirmation， a very bizarre thought loop to be in。 So remember I said yesterday。

 the concept of have fun， like whenever there's too many concepts going in your mind。

 just like on one level， we can have like the nerds speak when we're sitting in a room with no girls。

 big group of guys。 But on another level， we can sort of you know， shrink that back。

 we can contract all of our information and summarize in one sense have fun。

 But you want to know the other one that I really like， be authentic。All right。

 just be authentic rather than saying， I've got to pass the congruence test and stuff like that。

 just said， be authentic。 All right， be the person you're meant to be， you know。

 whatever you want to call it， be authentic now。This is a section that I really enjoy teaching。

Because once you understand it。It'll give you a lot of laugh when you're out the nightclub。

Chaos versus grounding。😡，Have you guys ever heard the expression to be a grounding energy。

 a source of grounding energy。All right， it's a great expression being a source of grounding energy。

 Now， a man and a woman。Each have different sides when we think about polarity， right。

 each of them have different sides。And。When we think about feminine polarity and masculine polarity and how they interact with each other。

 why don't we look at some of the ways that women。Unconsciously。

 and here's what's interesting is that this is unconscious。Will assert that polarity。

And before I say that， I want to ask a question。Have you guys ever？Okay， like I know in my case。

 growing up。Sometimes people would act in ways that I didn't really understand。

 Did you guys ever experience that， like， like not like not just in terms of like some guy that's crazy or like some kid that eats cardboardre crayons or something。

 right， or glue， right but。I'm talking like just people that they act in ways where it's kind like do you guys ever remember maybe you like talk to somebody and they don't answer your questions like not even deliberately。

 it's almost like they don't hear you or something like that。

 or have you ever looked at female behavior and like how a girl can be really into you when you're talking say like a restaurant or club or something and then the conversation breaks apart and she makes no effort to restart the conversation like you would think that because she's really enjoying it。

 I mean， she's sitting over there bored out of her mind when a second ago you were having a great conversation。

 you would think that she would come back and reinitiate the conversation and you think why is she not coming back over to reinitiate you might think that you know why do sometimes guys act in the way they do like even like you know what was one for me。

 I used to always wonder why kids on the playground picked on each other I swear to God I never understood that for many years like why kids were always trying to assert status over one another I just look at I'm like is this？

upposed to be doing。 And sometimes I would do it。 I felt really dumb about it later。

 I remember once like I made fun of this retarded kid。 and I just felt like the biggest。

 because everyone used to do it。 and I participate in one day。

 I felt like a massive moron for like the next six months。 So look。😊，What do women do。

 Let's look at some of the behaviors that women have。 First up。And these are subtle。

 I want you guys to understand that， these are subtle， first up。

Being totally fulfilled and enraptured by the energy of the environment。So what does that mean。

Have you ever been out in a nightclub and you see a group of girls that are just dancing and having fun。

 They're having so much fun， right， and say that like her friend comes up behind her and she's like。

 Susie， she's like，😊，'s easy， right。 And she said， they start hugging and jumping up and down。

 Have you ever been talking to a girl。 and then her friend comes up from behind and just totally ends it for you because they start jumping up and down and hugging each other and stuff like that song comes。

Oh yeah， yeah， who here was around in 2004 doing this， anybody？

Do you guys remember the hey Ya song by Alcast， how many times did Friin Andre 3000 Cocklock you？

they disappear。 They po Yeah， no joke。 I was me and my buddy， Mike are talking these two girls。

 and we were joking about this because that was like at the height of the song。

 We're joking about it。 And the two girls we would never do that。

 We're not gonna to leave if that comes on。 We promise。 Okay， the song comes on。 and the girl like。😡。

I't think we're so sorry。right there run。 Okay， they ran and they ran out because like the girls just stormed the dance floor。

 Allright， I't it funny how like as a guy， you could enjoy dancing。

 But when when the right song comes on for a woman most of the time。

 it's like she's being tickled almost right， It's like it's tickling her。 It's like。

 I remember seeing a girl in a restaurant server when the hey yass song came on and she's walking with the things and the hey Ass song comes on。

 She's like。😊，Like that and the shit fell over。 All right。

 all the shooters the shooter glasses fell on the ground because it was like it was tickling。

 she's like， who like that。 All right， with the whole。You know， with the whole song thing。like。あ。

Yeah， like I got them like， for example， like move bitch， get out。You take like a pimp str。

 it's like move and you're like's though。Yeah， you don't jump to jump off with that one。

😀just go like yeah， okay， okay， see， I wish I was more like that， right。

 But let me let me ask you this。 and it's actually honest question。

 if you're talking like a really hot girl。 and you've like made out already and stuff and but you haven't even got the number And then the move bitch song comes on are you like fuck this。

 You're like， Yeah， or you you know， right or do you stick in。 What do you do Yeah Yeah， see so yeah。

 but I don't know， and and also different people。 like you may okay。

 and this is actually a good it sounds like a negative thing， it's actually a good thing。

 you may be more in touch with that feminist side of your polarity。

 You know what I'm saying that's don't worry， that's a good thing。 Okay， that's a good thing。

 All right， it's called being wellrounded。 So。😊，You know。

 unlike most dude that are kind of just like。Okay， so， yes， that's a good thing。 All right， so look。

 women are very enraptured with the energy of the environment。 Like， have you guys ever been， okay。

 God forbid ever been into a girl's bedroom before。RightHave made it。

 have you made it there because I have it， right okay？You went there twice， okay， what's a leg man。

 okay。So okay， so you go in like a girl's bedroom And and if you ever noticed like they could have like like the unicorn poster of or like or and like like pictures。

 like you know， like the pictures and stuff， you know。

 teddy bears and you're like this one is I got it here and it makes me feel so warm years。😊，Yeah。

 see this how I found out what' inside of Girl's bedrooms as the class。er， the journey poster。

 That's Jeffie's room。All right， shit， it's probably Jeffys。Yeah。

 Jimmy's actually got an easy e post rep on a while I did， all right， so look。Okay。Next。

Dressing and walking in a way that gets attention。 So like， look in the think of it this way。

 we're thinking polarity， like that magnet of attention that a woman has。

 So say that she's sitting there dancing with her friends you know， just going nuts as a guy。

 you see that。 And you could like wish that you could be a part of that。

 you know like it can draw your attention Likewise。

 a girl has a certain way of walking right and she develops this unconsciously。

 So she you know sways the hips， she might push out her chest， whatever it is。

 she has a certain way of moving and a certain way of dressing that will pull， right。

 it pulls the attention。So again， you know that's that sort of polarity right and notice how some women have a strong polarity like that and some don't we use the Hillary Clinton example。

 you're probably not going to see Hillary know walking up beside Obama。😡，Like that。

 you're not so much likely to see that。Next up， where Monica is like the femin。

 which Monica Monica Lewinsky， Oh， yeah， exactly。 Yeah。 So that could be a great example。😊，Next up。

This is this is a big one。 And as a guy， you should do the same thing too。

 enjoying whatever she's doing and not scanning the room， looking for people to meet。

 So if you guys ever noticed like a really hot girl a lot of time。

 like they'll tend to walk sort of almost like a straight line in a way。

 like if they're walking through you know the venue。

 they're kind of just like they're kind of just like， you know， like you know， they go like that。

 they're not like。😡，You know， like the needy guy， for example。 All right。

 she'll kind of walk like that， especially the girl who's really gorgeous。

 She'll be walking through like， you know， say you're at a restaurant， for example。

 So you're at the restaurant。And you're sitting down and you've got like this gorgeous girl that has so much attention walking through。

 So she'll kind of walk through just sort of on her path right as everybody else turns their heads to look up。

 you can see a girl who's not used to being hot， maybe she dress hotter than she normally does you know she's kind like oh I all this attention But a girl who's had it for years and years and years。

 she doesn't really react that strongly to it。 She's just like boom。

 she's kind she's doing her own thing And that makes you want her even more。

 You guys ever seen the cover of Cosmo magazine how the girls have kind of like the bitch look right they have they have that look like where they're just kind of doing their own thing。

 and it's like and it's got that kind of like goddess look to it。What's that， Oh yeah。

 catwalk malls is a great example。Next up， guys。Letting the energy of the environment flow through her。

And even dancing for hours and hours on the same spot and playing mock bisexual with her friends？😡。

So。When we really think about， that's， that's a really interesting one to me。

 especially the whole mock bisexual thing。 I find that really interesting。 Now， one level， look。

 sometimes girls just want to dance， right， They want to dance and they don't want to dance with any of the guys there because they don't whether they don't like them or they have a boyfriend or。

 They just't want to dance the guys。 And they'll dance their girlfriends and just be silly。

 That's fine。 But on another level。😊，All right。I really want to articulate this to you guys in a way that you understand。

 because once you understand this， a lot of things are going to click into play。

 so I really need you to follow me here。😡，Because we're like social beings。

When we're doing something that our brain says， okay， this has value。 Like this is giving us status。

We will tend to kind of like just sort of stick there。If that makes any sense。

 we'll kind of tend to keep doing it。 So do you guys remember on the first day when I talked about the warm end and the cold end of the pool。

We'll say that a girl is up on a speaker's， right？And she's dancing with her friends。

 And she's got the attention。 So she has the value。She's in the warm end of the pool now。

And so that's why a girl， she can dance doing like and you know when you don't know how to dance。

 by the way， when you see a girl dancing， it seems like mystical right but who here's ever taken like a dance class before right So when you actually take a dance class。

 did you notice how like before when a girl was dancing。

 it was like it looked like almost hypnotizing， but what you realize later is that most girls in the club。

 their dancing is like not that complicated or anything it's very straightforward It's very sexy but it's not like it's not like when I used to see it。

 I was like I don't know how she's doing that or what's going on right later you realize is actually pretty straightforward。

 So the girl might sit there doing the same couple moves know same kind of like rhythm for like we're talking four hours here Yeah。

 she gets in a trans we're talking like really think about this。 We're talking one hour。

 two hour even up to like3，4 hours If she's gonna dance from like say 10 until two or 11 until three。

4 hours on the same spot， likewise， playing mock bisexual with their friends。

 So what's going on there。 But what's basically going on is this。

If you have a celebrity as an example and someone wants to be friends with that celebrity。

And the celebrity says， you know， let's go and get my groceries。

The person who's following that celebrity will feel like it's a worthwhile investment of their time and energy to follow him around or her around to get those groceries。

😡，Allright， because they're in the。 It's like， oh， I'm getting groceries with。Tom Cruise。

 this is the warm end of the pool， right， and people will feel like they're doing it。 Likewise。

 people， when they're at a party， if it's a cool， like if it's a hot party。

 they'll stay there for hours and hours and hours while the party's hot。

 when the party's no longer hot， they leave。So or likewise say that remember the big dinner table when the value is in one place。

 people want to stay there it's the warm end of the pool when it dissipates again。

 they leave So when a girls dancing， all right， try to follow this when a girl is dancing for hours and hours on the same spot。

 she's in the warm end of the pool， that's why the time will pass Likewise。😡，See okay。

 I think a lot of guys mistake what pullinging means。 like a lot of like this kind of a side tension。

 But a lot of guys have a mistake in their minds about what it means to pull the girl from the club。

 A lot of guys think that it's like， so you want to get out of here。

 And it's like it's on for sex immediately。 All right And sometimes that happens。 Look。

 especially as you get old， let me tell you something。

 as you get more and more into the natural style you're gonna to start getting instances where girls will say shit like God。

 I'm so horny， I need you to take me out of here。 and you'll get cases like that like once a month。

 and you'll be like， oh my God， All right， you'll see that。 it's a very rare thing。

 but you will see it， including with really， especially really。

 really hot girls will say that to you because they know what they want when a girl who's super hot and knows what she wants。

 she's a lot more likely just have the ball to just take it。 now。

When you extract a girl out of the club。You're thinking oh like you know is this like a sex thing is it like to get this really good food No is that she's in the warm end of the pool if you and your friends are the cool guys and you say the party's going this way she just wants to stay in the moving party。

 the moving circus， the moving hot tub that's why she's coming with you right you're the party you're the one having fun hey let's gos okay boom。

 it's moving she's not thinking about what she's doing she's not you know what I'm saying she's not thinking about it it's just happening she's just responding to her emotions So girls stay on the same spot for hours and hours why because they know that they're getting that attention。

 they know that that's the warm end of the pool。😡，Next up。Rarely being the one to call。😡。

Ask out or reinit a conversation。😡，Some girls will， right， Some girls will call you no problem。

 Some girls will reinitiate conversations。 Some girls you know， will make the move。

 I actually like that。 I find that me personally。I don't like games。

 like to me that the game thing is just silly to me， almost viewed as insecure。

 but I don't I try not to judge you anything because we all have her insecurities。 But the point is。

 I don't really like that much。 I like a girl who knows what she wants。 But the thing is is like。

Most girls have it programmed within them。😡，Not to reinitiate。

 Why is that society Yeah social social programming huge right， Like look at the movie hitch right。

 The girls's like a bitch the entire way through。 And then it's like he's like， I love her right。

 So it's almost like teaching women that that's what's hot right like the rules。 Yeah。

 books like the rules， right， But you know what I actually like books like the rules because I like it when a girl。

ItDoes not act like need and start trying to call me like all the time and stuff， Right。

 But regardless， Okay， so say that you have。You're talking to a girl， conversation。

 conversation and say that like the bouncer sort of blast by and it gets pushed apart。

 A lot of times she just stands there It goes back to her friends or whatever。 Why is that， Well。

 again， it's creating that polarity because it's creating that feeling inside of the guy。

That she's the prize right so a lot of the time girls will pass up on great opportunities just because their unconscious mind has learned the behavior be the prize。

 And I want you guys to really think about this， these are unconsciously learned behaviors。😡，ok。😊。

These are unconsciously learned behaviors。 It look in the same way。

 say that a guy is becoming take a guy right， He's becoming like an alpha male at a young age。

 and he learns if someone doesn't have enough status or isn't interesting enough。

 if they try to talk to me， I don't hear it。😡，Right， so he learns that。

 That's why I remember when you're a kid and there's someone you try and talk to and like they won't answer you back。

 like give you like a straight answer。 And you're like， why are they doing that。

 What's the point of that， I don't understand。 Well，' it's a socially learned behavior。

So women have these， again， to assert a polarity。 They have these socially learned behaviors。Next up。

Gotta love this one。Losing interest in sex。If she comes out of a happy， emotional state。

You guys remember the Chris Rock comedy show where he says most guys will talk themselves out of getting laid。

 like the girls like， you know， she's ready to have sex and then the guy says something stupid。

 she's likeh。哇。Like that。It's that kind of vibe or where it's like， if the girl。

 you know how I was a guy and most of the times you probably just want to have sex either way。

Whereas with a girl， if she loses her happy state。She just doesn't want to have sex anymore。

 she like， I'm no longer interested。 All right， I it that she really is no longer interested。

 not necessarily， but that's her unconscious mind's way of putting guys in a situation where they're always trying to keep her in a happy state。

😡，All right， now here's the next one。This is。One of the most vexcating things to guys of anything。

Only being moved by the energy。That she likes the most。

 So only being moved by an energy that's better than the one that she's already experiencing。

I hate that right Yeah， and see， here's what's going on there。

 So say that you have a woman and she's having fun with her friends。 She's having a great time and。😊。

You come along。Right？And you're not offering more value to the situation that she's having on her own。

Well， of course， she's not going to be moved by that。 She's gonna going go where the energy is。

 Allright， where the social energy is， the woman goes。

 This is also why looks has so little to do with meeting women because women are gonna to go where the social energy is more than anything。

And lastly， and this is kind of a funny one。Rewarding good behavior with little taste of physical attention。

So what do all these things do， All right， Let's look at all these things kind of like in an amalgam。

What do they all add up to？First of all。Do all girls have these behaviors？Yeah no。

All of them have some of mine some level。Some girls could benefit。By having these behaviors， right。

 they know a girl who's too straight， right， she， you know， she is too rigid。

 She does not have those behaviors。 Some girls have all of them。

 Have you guys ever met a girl who is literally just almost uncontrollable right。

 just like a wild girl， she's completely uncontrollable right And as a guy。

 it's almost like your instinct， It's almost like to try to like try to almost get it because you want that validation。

 of course， that's really not always the best kind of girl be in relationship with it all。

 Is it that's like the equivalent of the girl that dates to the jerk guy， right， And then meanwhile。

 you yourself kind of fall into that mindset。 But look。

Different girls have these behaviors to different extents。 Some have a lot of them。

 some have none of them at all。 Most have one or two。 But let's think of what it adds up to。

 you know， she's moving in a way that draws attention。

 She's with her friends doing her thing you know they're dancing right They're rewarding good behavior with a little bit of physical attention and then retracting it right she's moved by the energy that she likes as soon as she doesn't like it anymore。

 it gets pulled away What is this doing to the guy What is this doing to you drawing in sucks you in right it gives you this vexing feeling that if you don't keep her in a good emotional state and satisfying her needs。

That she will flutter off like the little butterfly that she is。 It gets you extremely reactive。

What happens when you start to emotionally invest into somebody。

 when you emotionally invest into somebody， does that make you more attached or less attached to the outcome？

 All right， So you continue to invest your time， emotions and energy into this girl。

 And the more that you invest， the more that you backwards rationalize。😡。

That youre invested in that what you were doing had a good reason。

 and then the more that you keep investing at nauseum。Allright。

 what the girl is basically putting into you is that she will be totally fine without you。

 She's totally happy on her own。 She let to girl with a very strong polarity。 She's totally happy。

 Why she happy without you， Because the energy of the environment is fulfilling her。

 She doesn't need you。😊，So most guys get trapped by this。

 So what's like the classic date right like the classic date where the guy's like， okay。

 first I've got to bring her the flowers， then I've got to bring her to the movie。

 like put her in a good emotional say right then I've got to bring her to a restaurant that she likes and keep her in a good emotional say there。

Right， what are they trying to do， They're trying to create polarity themselves。 We'll get into that。

 But the thing is， she is creating that vexing feeling。

