# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：06.突破身份限制【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

Ands day two。We're about 25% of the way in。 Okay， I think of it like going deep underground。

 All right， we're about。25% to the depth that we're going to go。 Okay。

 you could probably still see the lights of the surface。 and we're just going to keep on going。

Oh man。 all great stuff。 And if we can find a bottle， that'd be great to you。You know。

 it's a real pleasure for me to finally get this stuff out there because。You know。

 we've been teaching this stuff on a smaller scale now。For about， I mean。

 I've been teaching on a smaller scale for a couple years。 And then， you know。

 we've been doing these seminars about a year。 So you're starting to see a shift within the community with the types of skills that we're teaching。

 You know， you're seeing guys， you know， really， really becoming natural。 like I said yesterday。

You know， my goal in all this is so that you guys not only have the ability to do really strong walkups。

 like， you know， see that woman that you want， know how to walk up。

 know how to get a lot of attraction going， know how to move things forward。

 take it all the way the end。 Not only that， but I want to see you guys at the highest level of general social skill is humanly possible。

 I want to see you guys I mean， I guess the best way I could put is like this。

 Do you guys remember when you were a kid and some kids were popular and some kids were not popular。

 And it was almost like there was this glass wall that maybe separated you from them or maybe some of you guys in here were the most popular kids。

 in which case I'm massively envious No， just kidding。 But。Really。

 there was like these sort of little things that put a sort of glass wall。

 maybe between you and them。 Or if you were one of them。

 that maybe put that put it between you and the kids that wanted to be friends with you。

 point being is that。I guess you could say that once you have this stuff figured out。

 I think especially by the time that we've gone through this this weekend。You guys will have a very。

 very clear idea of what that glass wall was。 And you'll also see that it was mostly of your own making。

 Allright， mostly， it was just your own。 You were just giving your power away in a level that nobody even wanted you to。

 and you're just gonna stop doing it。 And things are gonna start to turn around for you。

Sucks to be that guy。 All right， Do anyone want to do a cell phone check。 Okay。

 I'll give you guys two seconds to check your cell phones。 That was taught very thoroughly。

 Anyone that watches the program foundations or takes a boot camp can learn the walkup skills can learn how to spark attraction。

 extract and that kind of thing。 This is a program that you know， I guess you could say。

 back when I had the cold approach skills。 I can remember times， like for example。

 when I first came out to Los Angeles。 and I would go to a party up in the Hollywood Hills or something like that。

 And I would be sitting there trying to have a good time， but I'd be like， oh。

 I supposed to be doing my cold approaches right now， you know， can I fit in with these people。

 And in a lot of ways I felt like I did not fit in with those people。 You know。

 it was like everyone was having more fun than I was that kind of a thing。

 And what I want to see for you guys is not only a level where you know。

 you know how to do walkups and that kind of a thing。

 But I want to see you guys being able to fit in with social groups really well， you know， you know。

 be the man， that kind of thing， all of that stuff。 Okay， total， total natural。😊，And essentially。

 what I want to see for you guys that this is handled。 All right， Like when I say when I say handled。

 I mean， like really like it's like you've got it handled。 You don't need to think about anymore。

 You know， I mean， some guys take that too far and they just stop going out and they stop socializing like。

 oh， that's handled。 I'm just gonna sit inside and play Warcraft。 But the point is， know。

 I would like it for you guys。 as long as you're going out。

 being social that you guys have got this handled。 And that's really goal of this program。

 So look let's move into the next concept。Identity。What is identity， All right，1st of all。

 before we even start covering this topic， I want to say that the topic of identity is covered differently by different people。

 So some people will talk about identity like， you know， what you tell a girl you are like。

Are you a rock star are you a astronaut or something like that。 Allright。

 So that's how some people look at identity。 And actually。

 any term that's in here and any term that we talk about this weekend are just the ways that I'm coming at it。

 It doesn't make them right。 So， for example， I talk about concepts like masculine polarity or the ego or self-estseem or any。

 you know identity or concepts like that。 And if you ever know。

 if you're ever having cocktails of someone and start getting into a debate about what these terms mean。

 bear in mind that there's no official definition。 These are just the working definitions that I'm using to talk to you guys about。

 Even beyond that。Something that Ehar Toll says， who's definitely a favorite author of mine。

 is that anything that's ever said is really just a signpost leading towards a certain state of being。

 So even though we have all these concepts and we're throwing out all this jargon at you and principles。

 ultimately， knowledge of these principles is not what's most important。

 It's the place these principles will bring you to ultimately。 All right。

 Theres signpost to get you to a certain way of being， don't get caught up in the principles。

 The principles are just a signpost。 I like to get all nerd with it。

 I like to break it down in detail。 But nonetheless， it's just signpost in a certain direction。

 So identity， what do I think about as being identity。 Well， first of all。

 I would ask you this question。What would the world be like？If no other people existed。Okay。

 think about that。All right， the world without other people。Have you guys， has anyone in here。

 really favorite movie of mine or a favorite TV series of mine。

 hass anyone ever seen the Japanese anime series， Nen Genesis。😊，Couple nerveds in the house。

 Allright， that's a favorite of my Nenogenesisesis。 Is it called egelian。 Yeah， okay。

 they've got the two alternate endings。 right， My favorite was the original ending。

 And then they redid the ending as well。 And that was cool， too。 But I like the original ending。

 Anyway， look。😊，One one of the sort of ideas that they talk about in that anime series。

 like this like 24 episode thing is the idea of you know。

 unity versus separateness and how essentially by having other people in the world，You know。

 that can lead to things like judgment， self hatred， you know， comparing yourself to other people。

 So if you think about it。If nobody else existed。In some ways。

 you could say that that would be a good thing。Because ultimately。

 you would never have to feel bad about yourself。 You'd never have to feel low self esteem in comparison to other people。

 You would never have to make a negative comparison， right， wouldnn't that be wonderful， All right。

 Never have to feel bad ever again all。Its great， man。 All right， On the other hand， though。

 your life would lose a tremendous amount of meaning。 You would lose a lot of the context。 You know。

 for like the way that you make meaning out of your life， you would lose social relationships。

 You would lose so much。 So it is sort of like a pros and cons sort of thing。

 which I would say mostly if no other people existed， that would be。😊，Totally fucked。Alright， now。

 if you think about that deeper， then， all right， what is identity， Alright， What is your identity。

 And the way that I look at it is identity is a concept that relates you to and also separates you from your social environment。

Okay， it relates you to and separates you from your social environment。

 It's your concept of who you are。 It's your concept that says， you know。

 here's how I'm different from people。 Here's where I stand in relation to people。

 Here's what makes me who I am。 Here's what makes me。I guess you could say。

Here's what gives me a certain status relative to other people。 And as a result。

 I can act in all of these different ways， right， like， oh， I'm this cool guy。

 So I can act like this。 I can act however I want。 Oh， I'm not the coolest guy。

 So I cannot act however I want。 That's sort of how I think about identity。 Allright。😊。

If you think about it。Identity has sort of a。Thing like this。You might view yourself like on a scale。

😡，We could imagine this。 Do you guys have totem poles in America。Okay。

 do you guys know what the totem pole is， All right。

 That's like an Indian carving of a tree with like different heads in it。

 You might imagine yourself being at the top of the totem pole in the middle of the totem pole at the bottom of the totem pole。

All right。Just depending on where your self concept is at。Becauseuse ultimately。

 by recognizing the differences between yourself and other people。

 you do form that concept of who you are and where you stand。All right， so look。

We are always processing the world through that little seed in our mind。 That is our identity。

That is such an important concept to understand。 We are always processing the world through that little seed in our mind。

 that is identity。What we perceive， the way that we perceive it， what we think about other people。

 the way that our emotions respond to other people， for example。😡，If you think that you're down here。

And some guy comes in up here。 Your experience of that person is going to be dramatically different than somebody else。

Who is up there？But see， ultimately。From a social perspective。

 you have the ability to do whatever you want to do， really， if you think about it。

You have the ability to walk into any nightclub， restaurant， shopping mall。

 see the girl that you want， be the man， Yankker out of there。 You have that ability。

 There is nothing that is actually stopping you。 All right。

 something that I'm gonna talk about today is the idea that every single one of us here has a concept of what a cool guy looks like。

 what a popular guy looks like， what a guy who's successful with women looks like。

 We all have that concept。But at the same time， we do not give ourselves permission to be that guy。

 Allright， the only thing that is really stopping you。From being that guy。Is your sense of identity。

 All right， who you think you are。 If you think that you're this guy。

 then there's a lot greater chance that you're going to go out and do the things that you're supposed to be doing。

So， look， ultimately。From a social perspective， the。

 the potential that you have is virtually infinite。 Allright， like from a social standpoint。

 the level of success that you could have socially， there's almost no limit to it。

 But it's your belief about who you are that's going make you go forward or it's going pull you back。

 That's really what it comes down to。Now， look， think about your identity。

As being something that could help you。Very， very deeply。 Like。

 have you ever heard someone in a tough position say， look， I know who I am。 Anyone ever heard that。

 Like maybe even someone who went to jail for the wrong reason。 And he said， you know what。

 I know who I am。 And that's all that mattered。 Okay， that's like， you know。

 you hear that kind of thing sometimes Likewise， your identity can also hold you back and your identity can hold you back tremendously。

 Allright， Does anyone here ever try to talk to their friends about this type of material。Yeah。

 try to bring it up with your friends， try to say， oh， hey， you know。

 there's this cool new stuff that I'm studying。 You guys should come， you guys should check it out。

 Okay， What kind of response did you get。😊，Laughter。

Has anyone here ever had a friend that they tell this stuff about like they talk about this stuff to。

 And their friends just like， oh， cool， great， Yeah， like two， three people in the room。 Okay。

 a couple。 Allright， now， is that the majority or is that the minority of your friends。 Yeah。

1 out of 20，1 out of 30。 Allright， okay， give my example Okay， I was like。😊。

What it's never happened before。 Allright， So look， why is that。

 Why is it that when you talk to people about this。

 they get this sort of glazed overlook in their eyes。 I call it the glazed over zombie look。😊。

Alright， where you talk to them about it and they just， they just kind of go like， theyre just。

 they're like， they're like。哦嗯。So yeah， outside my room。 It's like it's like， oh yeah， Yeah， yeah。

 like， oh， no do。 Yeah， I don't。 I got a girlfriend dog I'm good， right， not do。 it's okay。

 It's okay。 trying physics like Yeah， Yeah，😊，okay， all right， So like， okay， so and isn't it funny。

 right， because if you look at all the popular magazines that are out right now。

 like Maxim magazine FHM， that kind of stuff， there's features about how to pick up girls all over it。

 like yeah， it's like written by random dudes， right， Like I mean。

 maybe some of them are really good。 I don't know。 But most of it is like they've got some writer like just an arbitrary writer。

 Like you're on dating。 Joe， He's like， okay， he's like clean your car here like put a hot girl picture based on the article。

 and then that's it， you know， I used to like read these things like really intensely like taking this authority like interesting。

 really big publication。 Skype really knows you's talking about， right， you know。

 now that I've been at， upper end of of a business， I see that sometimes you know。

 the people that you give you think are appointed so authoritatively are just arbitrary right And that's you know。

 business not really what you think it is all the time。 But look。😊，I guess you could say。

You would think that something so mainstream， something that so many people are interested in and something that so many people talk about all the time。

 Like， how much time do you guys spend talking about chicks。And yet， when you actually say。

 all right， dude， look， why don't we stop talking about it？

Why don't we stop this gibber jabber and go make something happen， right？ It's like， no， Na dude， no。

 no dude， right， And it's very similar。 Like， you know， if you grew up in a small town。

It's almost like， you know， when you talk to a stripper， for example。 And she's like， oh。

 I'm gonna be a doctor some。 I'm gonna go back to med school right。

 or like you've got your buddies like that think， you know。

 they're gonna become like big millionaires， right。

 Like almost everyone these days think they're gonna become a millionaire because they're seeing all these like millionaire mindset programs and stuff like that telling them they're gonna be millionaires。

 They just have to manifest it or whatever it is， right。

 they neglect the massive massive amounts of hard work that typically goes into it。 But regardless。

 most people are just not able to it's kind of like。Anything that involves elevating your status。

 Why don't we put it that way。 Okay， like on that totem pole back there。

 anything that's gonna to have to do with elevating your status or you know。

 going beyond the constraints of your identity。 If the idea that you're talking about with someone goes beyond the constraints of who they think they are and what they think they're capable of。

 They will block it out。 All right， they're gonna mix that out of their minds。 immediately。

 the subconscious takes over。 the unconscious mind takes over。And Nixes it out immediately。

 in the same way。 Look， if I start talking， you guys。

 maybe a lot of guys I think they're gonna be millionaires， or maybe some guys are。

 But if I start talking you about becoming a billionaire。Alright， like， you know。

 we should be billionaires， right， We should make like 100 billion。 Okay， And you're like， yeah。

 I'm okay， it's all good， right， That's what most guys are like when you start talking about success with women。

 And it's interesting because there's a lot that's attached to success with women。

 We're gonna talk about that later。 why success with women is actually representative of all these different areas involving status and why that is so inextricably linked to your self concept and why so many people cannot achieve success with women and it's just completely outside the reality。

 Okay， But let's think more about like。Even how your identity could confine you even more。

A lot of people will say， and this is the big one。 Allright， This is the big one。

 when you're teaching guys success with women， they say， that's not me。You ever said that。

 if I want to put you in a ballerina outfit， what would you say？Yeah， that's not you， right。

 How bad would it be to walk down the street to ballerina like a pink tutu。

There'sWors things in the world。 That's a good attitude。 I agree。 Okay。

 I do think there's worse things in the world。 But you know what most people would experience a feeling similar to to a severe threat to their wellbeing walking down the street in the ping tutu right。

 because they think that's not me。 Well in the same way as a boot camp instructor。

 One of the constant things that you're worrying not worrying about， But like not worrying it all。

 but like moderating or dealing with is that concept of that's not me。 All right。

 people wanting to try new things， try new types of you know aspects of their personality。

 new dynamics to their personality。 And they say， that's not me。 Allright。

 so your identity can not only help you in the sense that you're like look， This is who I am。

 I know who I am。 I know what I deserve out of the situation。 and there's no question about that。

 I personal boundaries。 but simultaneously， it can also hold you back because you're like， oh。

 that's not me。 That's not me。 Allright， And that's always。You know， that's never a great thing。 Now。

 look。When you think about your identity， when you really get into it。

It's kind of funny when you really go back， when you think about your personality。Because guess what。

 guys。A lot of your identity and a lot of your personality is totally， totally arbitrary。😡，So。

 so arbitrary。Okay。It could have developed one way。 It could have developed another way。 Allright。

 like even take myself。I happened to grow up with a really。

 really badass schoolyard schoolyard bully living next to me。Okay。

 like this was like the most badass kid in like the whole neighborhood。

 And he used to beat the crap out of everybody。 So this kid would just knock me， man。 I mean。

 this kid would just come。 this kid would take branches off the trees and like tie me to the wall and like with me and stuff like that。

 right， You know， was like four years old。 great image and you know。

 and I wasn't able to stand up for myself。 I was this tiny little kid。 So， of course。

 that made me kind of shy， right， Then， you know， my dad was kind of， you know， he was like you know。

 like a strong type personality。 And so in a lot of ways that also you know， caused me， you know。

 some people that will make them stronger personally the way that I reacted the time。

 I became kind of introverted。 Allright， So that shaped a lot of my personality to young age。

On the other hand， there's a lot of other things that could shape your personality at a young age。

 Like， think of it this way。What if you have a great life， Like， say you have really。

 really wealthy parents。All right， a lot of people are envious of people who have wealthy parents。

 right like， oh， he's so lucky he has rich parents， his whole life has taken care of。😡，Now， a man。

 I have a lot of sympathy for kids that are， I don't want to say sympathy。

 I't want to encourage a victim identity in anybody。 Nobody's a victim。

 I don't even care if you are a victim。 You're not a victim。 But the point is that。

A rich kid may wind up spoiled， right， He might wind up a spoiled little bra。

 I remember the richest kid in my school used to be a massive drug addict。

 He used to steal 3040 grand from his parents at a time and go spend it on the other kids who were continually using him。

 right， They were just tooling him and using him for his money。 And as soon as you'd run out。

 He had like no friends left me， would just walk around and cry。 All right。

 And then he'd go steal more money。 And yeah， it was this complete mess。 All right。

 And then he get in trouble and he get kicked out of his house。 It was this complete nonsense。

 and you say， oh， look at this kid。 He's so lucky he had it blue。 Well the kid like what 16， Come on。

 when you don't know shit when you're 16。 You know what I'm saying， And I mean。

 that's another thing too， that we'll talk about is like the fact that growing up。

 you really don't know shit。 And a lot of these like stupid things that you did that you may take on as a part of your identity now。

' you're just a fucking kid man。 All right，'s just a part of a universal story that everybody goes through。

 But look， so much of your identity is arbitrary。 You may think that you came up with your personality。

Right， that's me。 This is me。 This is my personality。 I came up with it。 That's me。

 I can't do something that's not me。 But guess what。Most of your personality at this point。

 you probably didn't come up with。Alright， unless you're a bit older and you've been working on yourself。

 Chances are you did not come up with most of who you are。 Quick question。

 So you think the intro or aftertroward is its not part of your own identity。

 Is it not something you're born with。Well， different like geneticists or biologists have different opinions。

 what they call it the nature nurture debate。And。That does not appear to be something that's gonna be proved concretely because even when they。

 even when you can find cases where like， you know， there， there is evidence that， you know。

 your DNA affects your personality， there's always countless examples of people that rose above that and made their own choice and stuff like that or whose environment shaped them differently。

 So， you know， it depends， right， I mean， I think probably I was born to be an introvert。

 I don't know if you guys know this。 But my。My biggest fears。

 my first biggest fear in life has always been public speaking。True。Alright。

 when I was made to be when I was made to do public speaking， when I was a kid。

 I escaped it every chance possible， Always tried to get away from it。

 My other biggest fear was writing。Okay， I didn't know how to write。

 And the teacher actually put me in like special courses and stuff to force me to write because I was terrible at it。

 But yet through like discipline， people might say， oh， that guy's like a natural public speaker。

 like a natural writer or something like that。 even though I put time。 So I don't。

 I don't like any constraints fuck it。 Like as far as I'm concerned， I go with the old old US motto。

 All men are created equal。 as far as I'm concerned。 All right， true or not， I don't give a shit。

 That's where I'm coming from。 So look。Basically， but that's's a great question。

 Thank you for asking。I guess you could say this。Let's say that let's say that you're a kid， right。

 and you try to be creative。And it happens to work out， right？ And then everyone's like， oh。

 good job， man， good job。 And then you get validation for that。 get you get props for that。Well， now。

 all of a sudden， you're like， oh， I must be a creative person。

 And then you start going down those avenues。 right， Let's say that you try to step up。 Okay。

 let's say that as a kid， you try to step up and be confident。And it works out， right。

 maybe there's just no other confident kids around。😡，You know what I'm saying。

 maybe there are maybe the kids around are just more passive than you are。

 even though you're a naturallyly passive kid。 And then all of a sudden。

 you start to develop those personality traits。Or let's say that you try to step up and you live in an area full of bullies right and even though you were confident and if you were put in some other neighborhood。

 you would have grown up all emotionally healthy and happy and all that kind of stuff。

 but now you grew up kind of getting picked on， you try to be confident。

 you get kicked down and you develop these negative associations at an early age。😡。

And then your personality goes in that direction。Let's say you grew up in the inner city or in the ghetto。

 right， You guys ever noticed how when you like say that you travel in like inner city， Chicago。

 for example。 and you'll see like a lot of the guys there that I personally saw。 I mean。

 I'm just one guy。 But what I thought was like the guys seem very alpha like they seem very like。

 like they knew how to handle themselves kind of， you know。

 maybe some of it was bravado and whatever， you know。

 for younger guys who who isn't like that when they're younger。 But the point is is like， you know。

 you could see that they handled it。 Well， you want to know my theory is why theyre able to handle it。

 because they have no choice。They've got no choice， right？ when you think， like。

 think about things like depression， self pity， victim mindset。Those are called luxuries。 Okay。

 that's called a modern day luxury。existential angst。That's a beautiful luxury。 the modern day， Amen。

 All right， you know。😊，Ex the， the the existential debate， right。

 Like when you've got everything in your life handled， you've got all your food handled。

 You've got a full belly。 That's when you can go， man， what's the meaning。 It's all meaningless， man。

M， there's just no meaning to this， right？ Well， if you're hungry， suddenly， you know。

 that meeting can kick in pretty quickly。 Alright， so okay， you know， if you。

 your safety is in a dangerous situation。 So， look， a lot。 The point is this。

 So much your personality is arbitrary and comes from what is called social feedback。 Alright。

 it's the social feedback that you get while interacting with other people。 So you might be thinking。

😊，This is me。 I can't change。 I can't change my identity。

 I can't become the person that I want to be。 I can't become someone else。😡，Well， guess what。

 The core of what makes you who you are has never changed。 All right。

 that core essence of who you are， that has never changed。 guys， that's always there。

But the personality trait that you have， many of those have developed what I call in what I call in reaction。

Allright， so I want you guys to consider that。 What think about what that means。 All right。

 you thinking about it。 Think about this。 Yeah， quick question。 Yeah when That be so flexible。

 can like a very different person like you're a public speaker Oh， yeah。

 That's exactly you can be who you want to be。 In fact， that's the core message of this program。

 right， that you can be who you want to be。And。Let me look， let me tell you something。

I get a lot of different feedback from people， some positive， some negative。And that's fine。

 I'm cool with all of that。 But but the one compliment that I get that does mean a lot to me。

 Like like most compliments， I don't take it too seriously because it's like， you know。

 that stuff comes and goes right I've had times when people love my stuff。

 I've had times when people hated my stuff。 know， stuff like popularity who really cares。

 But the one compliment that I've always taken a heart is when people say， wow， man。

 you've changed so much this last year。 that's the one compliment that I really。

 really like's the one that I'm like wow， thanks And every time like basically I tend to travel from I do a lot like。

 New York， London， Sydney， I kind do that little circuit back and forth。

 and I see the I'll see some of the same people every year。

 and every year the same people come up to me they're like。

 you seem different man that's the one compliment like that means so much to me because damn like you know I really work at this stuff。

 Like it's really my passion。 So obviously if people like， oh， he doesn't seem to evolve。

 He doesn't seem to have grown。 that would suck。😊，Right， growthrow is。

 growth is like something I really enjoy。 I love it。 Okay。

 and I love seeing people be who they want to be。 In fact， every time that I teach a boot camp。

 I say the same thing to every single person that teaches a boot camp， which is I say I say， look。

 maybe maybe I'll see you in like a year from now。😊，And I'm going come from a fresh slate。Literally。

 I'm coming from a fresh slate because the person who you are today could be completely different in a year from now。

 not totally different， of course， but like so much will have changed。 so much will be fresh and new。

 I've seen guys， you know， who when I first met or selfhing， screwed up weird。

 like you couldn't even talk to them you know when you're coming in my shoes。

 you learn not to judge people in any way。 and not just pay lip service like oh。

 I don't like you really don't judge。 But the thing is that you could have someone who is really hard to connect with really hard to talk to and you see him a year later and he's chill。

 he's relaxed， he centered all this stuff。 isn't it funny。

 how much like all these like psychiatric problems get fixed when guys just are getting laid know I'm saying。

 I that like it's funny like you know some therapist with a guy for like a decade or something like that。

 right Like what's I can't put the finger on this guy's problem。

 The guy like kind of weird and fucking angry and shit， right， just。

And I'm laid and it's like boom right know， right Sa， right It's like ge， you think maybe like yeah。

 like not getting laid for like years of a time was maybe pissing him off。 know。

 maybe it wasn't like a chemical imbalance， maybe just fucking pissed All right， know look。

 I'm way massively massively oversimplifying here amazing work that psychiatrists people do massive oversimplification。

 right， yeah massive massive oversimplification。 All right， guilty。 But just kind of joking around。

 but yet at the same time， man， I'll say I see it every single year。

 guys that that just are totally screwed up and they come back different。 And so I never judge。

 and I never expect to be judged。 right， if people want to judge me， they can go ahead。

 but I'm not going off of their judgment。 Like I always want to be evolving。 So essentially look。

 I come from the position where there is no。There's nothing holding me back in terms of the directions that I want to go。

 If I want to go back on old views that I don't feel serve me any longer， I'll change them。 Let。

 look， let me talk to you about who I used to be in Canada growing up in Canada， growing up。

 I was hardcore， right wing。Okay， why was I extremely hardcore right wing。

 I still am probably more to the right than to the left。 But why was I extremely hardcore right wing。

 Because my view was like look， I'd be living on my own since I'm 15。

 I never asked shit from anybody。 I got by on my own。

 These mudfuckers here can pull themselves up by bootstaps。

 They shouldn't be asking for help from anybody。 Okay， and and that wasn't even a point of like。

 I'm not giving them my money。 It wasn't even like that。 It was more like for their own good。

 They need to give up expecting things or thinking that they deserve something or that they' owe anything。

 Allright。😡，Well， you know what。 I don't really think like that anymore。

 I've traveled more the world。 I've seen that a lot of people。

Are not in a position to pull themselves up by their bootstraps， you know。

 traveling like take inner city Chicago just as one example that I mentioned， you travel in city。

 Chicago。 and you look at this， You're like， these people cannot even speak English properly。

You know what I'm saying， not all of them， but some of them， right，re like they， they went to school。

 like they went to school。 They studied hard。 But the way they speak English。

 I remember when I first went to Wendy's and there was a girl there and I said， hey。

 could I get a burger and she said， yo， I want that with cheese， right？ I said， excuse me。

 want ham I with cheese。I have no idea what you're talking about。 I'm， oh， hey， I good ch。 I'm like。

 how can this girl get a job。Like， you know what I'm saying， right， How can she get a job。

 She can't go to interview。 She can't the interviewer can't understand her because of the culture that she lives in。

 right， So she doesnt need help。 And otherwise she'll have no opportunity。

 I actually had a lot of opportunity。 I I thought I was so hard done by as a kid because I didn't have like what the other kids had。

 I had so much opportunity given to me in comparison to what other people got It's ridiculous。

 It's insane how much opportunity that I had。 same thing when I traveled to favelas like in Rio de Janeiro right Like I went into the ghettos in Rio de Janeiro kids walking machine guns and stuff like that。

 Allright， and it's crazy。 These kids have no way of getting out。 So my views changed。 All。

 I wasn't a hardcore rightwing kit anymore。 You know， I wasn't when I was a kid。

 I was like fuck everybody。 All right， that was me growing up first 22 years of my life。 F everybody。

 All， that was my mindset。 The world is a negative plays。

 People got to with me that kind of thing because that's the kind of environment that I grew up in。

 extremely negative， Depressy。 no fear of death。😡，Growing up， no fear of death whatsoever。 Wee death。

 just like fuck is shit。 Okay， Whatever happens。 F it。 it happens。 I don't fucking care。 Allright。

 that was the that was the mindset that I was coming from。 So people see me now， right。

 like people see me， I go back home and the people who I used to relate to。

 the people who are my friends and who still are my friends will be till the day I die。 you know。

 they're kind of surprised like who is this guy now， right， who is this person， you know。

 the way that I used to dress totally changed， right， you know。

 the stock clothes that I wear the personality that I have the outlooks that I have the types of friends that I would have。

 I have a lot of like hippie type friends now， you know， not like tons， But you know。

 I've got like kind of you know， more people who have a totally different mindset than me。

 that kind of stuff。 All right， Why do I， why am I talking with this。

 I want to encourage you guys to do the same。😡，Get the kind of friends that you wouldn't normally have that have different views that challenge get friends that actually challenge your reality and don't just feed into your existing reality。

 right， Be the kind of person that you want to be。 if you want to change your style， do it。

 if you want to change your personality， do it。 Okay， if you see like， look。

 say that you see the popular kids and they have like certain ways of joking or dressing and stuff。

 And you're like， you know， I think that's funny。 I think that's cool。 but that could never be me。

 I could never do it。 bullshit。 All right， you could do whatever you want。

 person the core of you is always the same。 But you can always evolve in whatever direction you want。

 You know who I really admire for this。 by the way， You guys know Madonna。😊，The singer。

 Do you guys see how she consistently reinvents herself。

 She never gets held back to one kind of one kind of image or one kind of personality， right。

 One minute， she can be like the controversial like sex girl or whatever。

 like the making sex like more out in the open。 Next thing， you know。

 she's like into this new religion or Kabala or something right And she can be like a raver chi cowboy she can do whatever she wants All right。

 And that's the kind of versatility that I think the best guys with women have is they have versatility。

 They can be gothic。 they can be you know you know， really well put together a nice suit。

 can any kind of thing There's no a really great guy with women， like like the real master。

 remember this is an advanced seminar here is this stuff necessary to get a girlfriend of course not。

 I'm talking about advance what you would call pickup artistry。

 you want to talk about the top guys the best guys， if you want to play at that level。

 like just for fun。 as a hobby。 because you need to play that level。

 Nobody needs to play at that level。 you don't need to go this。😊，just for fun。 All right。

 for as a hobbyist， as a person who finds it as a hobby， If you want to go to that level， you can。

 All right， you can be versatile。 You can dress how you want。 You can be who you want to be。

 You can do what you want to do。 You can do what you want when you want it anytime and nobody can say shit。

 Allright， Nobody。 It's your choice。 You can do what you want。😊，Now， look。What I。

 the next direction I want to take this in is I want to talk really clearly about what you deserve and what feedback is and what social feedback is。

In your concept， like in your concept of who you are， your identity。

 you have that concept of what you deserve。Alright， you know what you deserve in terms of women。So。

 look， at most。Seminars， for example。We like to do affirmations。 Allright， like， like， if I say。

 what kind of girl do you deserve。Who here feels that they deserve a 10， and everyone will go。

I deserve a 10。They put， you know，10， you know， a10。 That's a value judgment。 such a value judgment。

 right。 But the point is whatever their 1 is， they they would say， oh， I deserve it。

 But the truth is， let's think about what you really think that you deserve。 Alright。

 I want you guys to go into your minds and think about what it is that you think that you deserve in terms of women。

You know， go into your mind and think， where do I view myself。

On the totem pole and really think about it because， look， let me tell you something。

When you know that you're on a when you know that you're on a girl's level， like when you're like。

 okay， I'm on her level， right， I'm on this girl's level。 It's natural。

 You're gonna behave naturally。And you're easily going to be able to create traction with that girl。

That's a very easy thing。I want you guys to think about maybe the last time that you were talking to a girl who you knew that you were good enough for。

And think about the casual way that you act and the casual way that you came at it。

And maybe how that caused her or response you in a more positive way。Well， you see。

 what happens with a lot of guys is they have great skills when it's a woman who is， you know。

 moderately attracted to them。 right， If the woman is moderately attractive。They can work it。

 You know， they're fine。 But as soon as you put up that girl who's their quote unquote 10。 And。

 by the way， when I say theyre 10， I don't mean like 8， like fuck what other people think is a 10。

 You know what I'm saying， don't date you don't date a girl that your guy friends are gonna think are attractive。

 I maybe you can do it。 You know， I I mean， I've done it so I can't like tell you not to do it。

 But the point is this is like a phase that you go through， then you've got to evolve past that。

 Okay， you want a date who is your 10。 Now， when you think， okay， if I'm gonna be talking to my 10。😡。

Are you going feel totally like you deserve it like on all levels。

 you know that you deserve that girl and you're totally at ease， there's no adrenaline going。

 you know， there's no nervousness going， you're just excited。 I mean。

 if you have adrenaline it's like the adrenaline just excitement to be meeting a girl that's really your 10。

 but it's not like an attachment， all right。😡，When you know that you deserve that girl。

 attraction is automatic。It is so easy。 It's so simple。 It's so easy。

 You're not gonna put your foot in your mouth。 You're not gonna be attached to the outcome。

 And there's all these little subtle things that you're gonna be doing that are creating attraction in that girl。

 when you know that you that you're on her level that you're deserving of her。

 Does that mean that every girl in this planet that you know you're on her level is gonna be attracted to you。

 Of course， not。 There's a girl's wide ranges of personalities。 There's no， like， you know。

 ultimate way to get every single girl。 But at the same time。

 generally speaking when you're talking to a girl who's on your level。

 you're gonna be able to create attraction so easily， It is so natural。 On the other hand。

 what happens when you don't feel like you're on a girl's level。

How does your behavior change in subtle ways， Any guesses。utterhStutter， what else？

T your status for approval。Say that again your status for approval Great and how do you what are some ways like behaviors that come up that cause you to do that any kind ofupplication your voice is like rising in tone because you're seeking before all these subcomations are basically like oh I want you to like me because you are here somewhere down Yeah absolutely。

You want to take it even more subtle。Like。If you want to think on like even more subtle level， guys。

A lot of the time when we study success with women， we look at the most obvious factors。 Like。

 we look at like， oh， he like， oh， he， he like， he chased for her approval or he。

 or he qualified himself。But I want to even go more subtle than that。 Allright。

 I want to take it like， from an advanced perspective here， I want to think really， really subtle。

 Okay， like the really， really， really subtle ways that you give away your power。All right。嗯。

When you're in your head， look， when you're talking to a girl and you're in your head trying to think of the next thing to say to keep the conversation going further。

On some subtle way， she can feel that。When as she's talking， you're trying， like， look。

 it's okay to do it to an extent。 But there's kind of like a threshold where it's like cool and then a threshold that's like。

 you're giving your power away。And you're trying to relate what you have to say to what she's saying in order to further the conversation or to impress her。

On some subtle level， the power is being given away。Now， let me stress here。We're talking about。

 you know， again， like that kind of advanced pickup artistry type angle。

 Surely all of you have had girlfriends at some point who， you know， you did that with， you know。

 you tried to further the conversation。 You wound up with the girl。

 So I'm not saying that it can't happen。 But I'm talking。

 if you want to be one of those guys who has like the type of rock star lifestyle that we you know。

 that we're talking about。 like like the real abundance。 like like just that guy that pulls man。

 like that guy that fuck pulls hard。 like always like can always do it。 Allright。

 that guy that can is just coming from it lifestyle， total abundance。😡，Typically。

 you've got to be very， very centered in your own sense of identity， your own sense of who you are。

 And you're not engaging in that subtle type of supplication， that extremely。

 extremely subtle type of supplication， because， you know， to me。There's， there's。2 classifications。

 right， Like you've got like the dancing monkey tab guys。 All right。

 like the guys who will go up to a， like guys go up to a girl。 And it's like， oh， hey， b， b， right。

 And they can keep the interaction going for a little bit and get the laughter。 But there's no pull。

 All right， there's no clothes。 And then you've got the guys who really pull。 All right。

 the guys who are living in sexual abundance。 And those are the guys。😊，Who。From the core difference。

 know who they are。All right， so when I think about what is the core difference。

Between a guy who is like more in the dancing monkey end of the continuum。

Vus a guy who's more towards the you know， the sex worthy guy。

 as Tim would call it end of the continuum， your core sense of who you are。

Is probably the defining factor of that。Alright， the main defining factor between the dancing monkey and the guy that pulls the sexworth guy is gonna be whether or not he knows who he is。

 So don't forget that。 Allright， you've got to begin to know more about who you are。

 We'll talk about that。 So we'll get into that。So social feedback。😡。

This brings us back to some of the concepts that we talked about yesterday。What is social feedback？

What is。The secondary source from which you get your reality。So we talked about this yesterday。哎。

And if you remember。We said firsthand experience。Versus。Secondhand experience。

So your mind is always pinging， right？Always pinging。To find out who you are。

Find out what is permissible behavior in the environment。 Find out what is normal。You do not。😡。

Figure out how the world works on your own， guys。You're not figuring out how the world works。😡。

What are some behaviors。That you know not to do。 We talked yesterday， jumping out of a window。

How do you know not to take dirt off the ground and start eating it？

How do you know not to put your finger in electrical socket。

Just had a curiosity who has ever put their finger in electrical soet。Yeah， how do you like it。

 tingly feeling， that nice tingly feeling。😊，😀Or more of like a extremely alarming tingling feeling。

 Or now you like it。 Yeah， okay， cool， alright。😊，Okay， I've done it once。 The point is。Look。

You learn all these things， why。Second hand feedback。And look。

What we're always doing on a subtle level。 Try to follow this guys on a very。

 very subtle level is we're looking at how other people are reacting to our behavior。 So。

 for example， say that you're a kid， Se you're two years old， right。

 and you pick up a little thing of dirt and you're about to eat it。

 And then you see the little subtle expressions on other people's faces that are kind of like。

Like that like。Like that。 these little subtle expressions， you're picking this stuff up。

 At least if you have any social acuity， right， some kids and people are born without the ability to read social cues。

 And that's kind of like an issue that they have to， you know， work on。

 And that's like a challenge that they have。 But assuming that you have the ability to read social cues on some level。

 you're able to see what is normal permissible behavior and what is bad behavior。

And so you see how when your identity was forming。😡。

If you try to step up and you're seeing other people say that's not permissible behavior。

That's not the right way to act。😡，Then your mind goes。No， don't do that。 Don't act cool。

 Don't act popular。 Don't be fun。 You know， whatever it is。 That is what social feedback is。Now。

 look。One thing that you got to remember is。A great deal of your reality isn。1。

 unverified and two is secondhand。 Allright， you have not learned everything about the world on your own。

 You don't have time。 You don't have the time and energy to go find out everything that there is to know about the world on your own。

 This is why we rely on secondhand information。 That's the principle that you have to understand。

 Firsthand information， Secondhand information。 You don't have the time to find out every little stupid thing about this plan on your own。

 You have to learn how to trust Second information。😡，So how does that affect you？

 How does that affect your identity。Well， look。Your mind has like a radar system。 right。

 We talked about this yesterday。 Your mind has this little radar system that looks at how how certain people are themselves。

Basically。It's saying， is this person's sense of reality more accurate than mine。

Think about the guys。Whenever you look at somebody， say that you're driving， right。

 And you say is it right or left。 And the guy goes， it's right。 And he seems totally sure of himself。

 Your brain goes， oh， this must be true。Let's go to the right just because he seems sure of himself。

 Do you any you guys have any friends that always seem sure themselves sometimes are wrong。

 It like freaks you out。 Yeah， right， And it's like it's like， oh， and then you got to like。

 And then eventually， you've got like come to the conclusion。 You want that guy seem sure of himself。

 you still got to think。 You can't totally trust it， right because he's just a very certain guy。

 You know， you can't always listen to it。Reticular activation system is more when you tune into what has value to you。

 And definitely someone who has a lot of certainty of themselves would probably seem to have value。

Radar system would be more like。R， S is like this。There's the whole picture。

 and it tunes into what has value to you。This would be more like， you've got a guy。And he's talking。

 And if it seems certain。Then you'll believe it。 And if he seems。Uncertain。Then you go nope。

 I'm not listening to that。 All right， that's the best way I could put it to you。So。

 and thank you for following with me。 So， look。When somebody else。Believes， like。

 say one of the more popular kids。Have you guys ever had one of the more popular kids in school sort of like try to put you down。

 And he was so certain of it that it exerted a psychological pressure on you to think that you were that nerd that he was pushing you as。

You guys get that。 Who here had an experience like that where a kid did that。 Okay， great。 Allright。

 good stuff。😊，We've all had that。 I remember a kid said to me when I was in like the second or third grade。

 he said， you know， I'm better than you at everything。And I said， that's not true。

 I have some stuff because， no， you have nothing good about you。 I'm better at everything。

 And I said， that's not true。 And he said， okayy， name something。 And I was like， oh English，'s like。

 no， I did this and this and this。 I was like， oh， right， I'm like math。 He's like。

 no I got this and this and this。 I was like， I was like hockey。 He's like， no， I got this and this。

 I'm like。Oh， he's like， see nothing， right？ And I was like， right， I was like。All right， you know。

 but is it like look？How ridiculous is this， guy， this little kid， like in grade2。

 for whatever reason， for whatever fluke。Got the quality of being very sure of himself。Like。

 he had that quality。 for whatever reason， I don't know what it is。 Who knows。

 Maybe some scientist can answer me this question， But for whatever reason。

 some kids on the playground are very sure themselves For whatever is， maybe their dad， you know。

 maybe maybe they've got like a big family， right， They've got like 10 brothers at school。

 So they know they've got the backup， whatever it is。You know， maybe， maybe they got popular early。

 Maybe they made the right contacts early in kindergarten playing G I Joe。 But for whatever it is。

 they have that certainty of themselves。 And what happens is when someone has a lot of certainty themselves about who you are。

There is a psychological pressure that is put on you to become that person。In fact。

 let me tell you a boot camp secret。 Allright， because if I was going to do a seminar on how to teach boot camps。

 it would last a month。Alright， let me tell you， one of the main reasons why， you know。

 you can produce a transformation in somebody is when I， whenever I teach a boot camp。

 I always believe， to the fullest extent， this guy is a pimp。I believe it with 100% certainty。

 I treat you like a pimp。 I talk to you like a pimp。 And what immediately happens。

 you see the change in the demeanor immediately， because the reality is being pushed on it。

 right because I do it every weekend， I've gotten good at imposing that reality。

 And that's why you see such a rapid change of behavior。 Then， of course。

 the rest of the weekend is spent trying to staple this in and make it， make it stick。 So look。

Think of how this is affecting you and where people in your life made you feel like you weren't good enough。

 And just because they had more certainty than you。

 the people that did this you could be total dumbassesses。Right。

 they could just have a level of certainty。 A lot of stupid people in this world have a high level of certainty。

 Isn't that the truth， right， A lot of dumb people have a really high level of certainty。Right。

 positions of authority， Sure。 And so the thing is。Yeah。

 I like isn't this such a problem with politics， right？ I'm a huge believer in democracy。

 But if you want to look at it objectively， one of the issues with democracy。

 you get got a political leader who's like really， really sure of himself。

 But one of the reasons that he sure of himself is because he ignores reality all the time。Okay。

 and then people will vote for him because they go， that's the guy。 That's the one right there。

 He's the most sure of himself。 In't that funny how that works。

 So people need to be educated to make the system work now。Regardless， okay。

 you do not have to succumb to that kind of social pressure。

But there's definitely a pressure that is there。 We need to recognize it。 All right。

 there there is other people's concept of who you should be。

And there's a pressure that's put on you to become that person。's up to Yes， absolutely。

 what I try to do whenever I teach people is that same pressure that like a schoolyard bully would have put to push him down。

 I'm putting that same pressure， but be up。 And in the same way that a schooly bully would say if you try to act cool would be like fuck you。

 man， fuck you right， for me， it's like if I see a guy trying to act。 I'm like， what is this。

 What is this fucking ch shit， What the fuck is this ch shit。 right， Come on， let's go right。

 And so that's it And thats so it creates like a negative social pressure against chdi behavior。

 right， That's how we teach program。 now。😡，Here's the next concept。 This is big。 All right。

 so pay attention。Okay， imprints， I love this。God， I love this imprints。All right。

 everybody in their mind has a concept。Of。What a cool person looks like and what a not so cool person looks like。

 You guys have heard me mention that。 Allright， I want you guys to think of this as imprints。

 in your mind， you have that concept。 It's based。😊，On one level。

 it might be an instinct that we're born with。 Like。

 it's an instinct just to know what high status behaviors are like in a gorilla。

 the gorilla puts his hands up above his head。 And then other people say， okay， that's intimidation。

 right， that's like like an innate one。 Then we have social conditioning。

 the learned behaviors in different cultures， theres different behaviors that could signify high status。

 right， Some cultures， they do a loose handshake， Some cultures， they do a firm handshake。

 But generally speaking within your own culture。You have a very。

 very clearcut idea of you have an imprint in your mind。 both for some of you who might be conscious。

 For some people， it might be unconscious of what a cool guy looks like and what a not cool guy looks like。

 Those of us who study social dynamics， we probably have a very。

 very good idea of what a cool person looks like。Why， because weve read our little textbook。

 haven't we， eye contact check， loose body language， check， resonating voice。 check。

 very funny check。 Sure himself， check， right， So we've read these books。

And we have a clear cut idea of what that is。 Then like， you know， we can articulate that。

 But even people who haven't。 say someone who's never studied social dynamics in their entire life。

 they may not have a conscious imprint of what a cool person looks like。

 but they definitely have an unconscious version。 You may not be able to explain it。

 but you do respond to it。That's why when a really cool guy comes around， he has a lot of status。

He may be able to impose the status on you。So think of it like a rough sketch。

A rough sketch of what a guy who has value looks like and a rough sketch of what a guy who does not have value looks like。

 All right。Now， look。These imprints。You have an idea in your mind of how you're supposed to act。

 How am I supposed to act， What am I supposed to do， How is my behavior supposed to look。

What your mind does。😡，Is your mind is always pinging and looking at your situation。 Allright。

 it is always pinging。 So think of it like this。 If this is you。Your mind is doing this all the time。

Always unconscious， all the fucking time。 You guys ever heard of the concept of culture shock。😡。

Who here has ever experienced culture shock having it right now。 Great， All right， so look。😊。

What culture shock is， is where you go into another environment and you feel this very distorted feeling。

 like a surreal feeling。 Alright， I mean， I guess different people would have different descriptions。

 That's how I would describe it。 It's like a surreal feeling of。Where you're there and you're like。

 what the fuck is this， right？ Okay， I remember when I first went to Brazil。

 the culture shock insane。 Get out the airport driving， I'm driving down。

 and there's miles and miles of like。😊，Favelas， right， Mil and miles and miles。 And I get there。

 And I'm like， oh， what's going on here。 And I haven't slept in like two days' because it's an insane flight to get there。

 I go to sleep。I pass out after not because I can't sleep on airplanes very well。

 I pass out after almost two days of not sleeping。Because of all these flight delays and whatnot。

 about three hours in， a Brazilian guy comes into my room and says， this is my room。 This is my room。

 Get out， Get out。 Okay， And he's all， and he's like one of these really fit Brazilian guys who looks like he just cap wear or something man。

 right， So I'm like， the fuck is coming on。I got to go home man。fuck so， so I was like。

 like this is my room。 And I thought that it was my buddy Nathan's room that I was in。

 Nathan just wasn't there。 I got the key。 I'm like you know。

 the end of the story very briefly was I said， how can I figure out if this guys lying or not。

 I go rope open his bathroom supplies to see what language they written in and they're all written in Portuguese。

 And I realize it really was the guy's room this poor guy， They put me in his room。

 And I was passed out。 He found some stupid ass white man passed out out in his room， But basically。

 there's a culture shock that goes on there。 walking down the street in lappa。 Its like， you know。

 what is this， There's just different mannerisms going on。 I would imagine going， you know。

 even more， there's even more much more culture shock places in the world， much， much more than that。

😊，So。Why is that happening， Because your radar system。Is doing that。 And it's going it's like。

 you know， it's like you're flying in an airplane。 It's like， whered the ocean go。

 Where did all those things that we rely on that we're pinging off of go， Where do they go。

Regardless， social inference， We have these concepts of how we're supposed to act。

 And what your mind does as a radar system is it pings out。 And it says， look。

When you're here on the totem pole， you have one personality， right like。When you go to。It says this。

When you're here？We use imprint number one。 Let's call it imprint number one。Allright。

 when we're here， imprint number two， when we're here， imprint number 3。

Do any of you guys ever feel so frustrated that you can be the coolest guy in one situation。

 But then sometimes when it really counts， you cannot be that same guy。

Would you say that that is one of your biggest vexations in all social dynamics， Yeah。

 because for me， this was huge。 It drove me nuts。Around some people， I could be charismatic。

 I could be charming。 I could be relaxed， comfortable in my own skin。 But around other people。

 my radar system was getting thrown out of whack。 And let me tell you。

 when you're first studying social dynamics and you're first getting into this stuff。😊。

You're trying to become a better person。 And so when you start meeting people that don't buy into it quite right away。

 it can really mess with you。 It can really bring out the worst thing you。

 really bring out a lot of them。Turn off very unattractive behaviors in you and certainly did for me many times。

 probably still does sometimes。 So look， your identity determine imprint Well think of it this way。

 You have these imprints are like different identities that you have look one identity is like think it like this identity is like how you guys doing joking around。

 having fun， you can look like you can look at somebody right in the eye。

 you're likey how you doing man good to meet you then another imprint would be like it's like。

 oh there's like hey what's like that， or maybe like know the other direction goes。

 sometimes people go submissive people try to be more alpha I'm talking about they go the other direction compensation So it's like's like。

 what's Yeah， right And and it's just kind of like and you can feel that they're reacting。

 it's never pleasant to be speaking with someone when they're reacting to you because' like not comfortable themselves You don't judge it。

 but。😊，It's not as fun as just being， you know， around people that are just totally comfortable。

 So much a value situation for yourself。 So of course， of course， yeah， I mean， look。

 truth be told I didn't。 if you would have asked me a couple years ago。 I say no。

 you always have to be you， man， you always have to be you。 why。

 because I don't work in the military， Like I live in Hawaii and have friends like Iraq and the military and stuff like that。

 they're like no if I do that shit， I'm screwed right I'm done。

 and I've heard that in a lot a lot of people resent their corporate jobs because they're always having a beta themselves within that environment。

 I have no idea if that's true or not if that's just in their own heads。 yeah。

 but isn't there a way that you can do that and still not be giving your power away。

 because I deal with superiors all the time。 I don't feel like I'm giving my power away。 Yeah yeah。😊。

Yeah， I feel like when I'm dealing with the superior。 I'm just like。

 how it's just like very chill is like，y， how you doing。y， how how very good。 Yeah chill。

 everythings gonna Okay， so you think that maybe the guys that say that that the whole corporate thing stling them are just not solved their identity yet。

 Okay， all right， I don't want to speak because I I don't have experience with that。

 Butme everybody laughs like。😊，蛋。😊，be like you'll be like completely wise me laughing and you create conflict because if you're not going with like his expectation。

 he's like the fuck me laughing everybody else so it does great even when you have your identity and firm respect the but you respect yourself。

Yeah， okay， I like that。 That's a great。😊，Nail it。 Yeah， Yeah， that's great。 man。

 respect the position。 but respect yourself。 You know， for me to， as it maybe is a side note。

 but I don't just maybe me throwing my two cents in the potd there would be like。

 I always try to like laugh at people's joke and make them feel good。 You know。

 I'm saying like I always try to make people feel like comfortable。 And there's two types， I think。

 on one level， you have people who you're trying to make feel comfortable who are very beta。

 right like their beta。 So you try to make them feel good about themselves on another level。

 you have these kind of like arrogant， obnoxious guys。

 And the natural fear is if I like laugh at his jokes and stuff like that。

 then is's just gonna feed into that ego and make him even more tyrannical or annoying。

 but I don't believe in that。 actually， let me tell you why I really believe not always。

 but I believe that 90% of the time when you speak with someone from your higher self。😊，Okay。

 when you speak with someone very genuinely and authentically and you have and you're very rooted in that。

 I believe that you can bring that out to people。 I absolutely believe that。

 And I found that when you hear that someone has a bad reputation， like， oh， this guys like。

 he thinks he's all that。 and blah， blah。 if you can just chill with that guy Like and just and don't judge him right。

 you don't judge him at all。 And maybe he says a couple ob nooxious things。 And you just kind of go。

 oh you let him have the frame a little bit。 But then you're just very authentic with them。

 a lot of the time， you just see him like almost like， let's go the attention like。

Right he can be himself around you or she or or she can be herself around you because she can kind of let down that guard。

 So I think， yeah， on one level， you don't want to like， you know。

 there is that level not wanting to feed into。 But I do think a lot of the time you can you can help people to just like let go of that tension around you and be one of those types of people。

 But of course， you're gonna be one of those types of people。

 you've got to be that person yourself first， right， you've got to go。

 that's like a hypnosis principle。 They say the first principle and hypnosis is go first。

 right Like you've like put someone in a transnce You've got to be like a like set yourself。

 I'm not a hypnotist。 So I can't speak。 But I thought that was a cool concept。 anyway。So look。

 moving forward with these inferenceprints， here's the quote that I would give for you。

 Your situation is always changing。And as it does， your mind is always looking at social feedback to determine how much value you have。

 figuring out what type of personality is most appropriate at the time。嗯。Allright。

 what roles are most appropriate。 So I'm going to repeat that because it's a mouthful。

 and I want you guys to understand it。Your situation is always changing。

 your situation is always changing。And as it does， your mind is always looking at social feedback to figure out how much value you have and determine which personality is appropriate at the time。

 So basically， your mind is going， how much value do I have， How much value do I have this much。Okay。

We're going with this one。O， how much value do I have， How much value do I have， Oh。

 I have a lot of value。 Okay， I'll let him do this one。Now， this is a key concept。This is huge。

Because your mind is actually letting you have a certain type of person healthy。Like。

 it's letting you， right？ Sometimes it won't let you Have you ever approached a girl and you know that you're charming enough。

 You know that you're charismatic enough to a tractor。 But for some reason。

 your mind won't give you the words。 It's like， where's the words。 Yeah。

 from an evolutionary perspective， Why don't your mind automatically compensate。

 I love that you ask that question because you're one step ahead of me。

 You can talk about it And so essentially look。😡，嗯。Here， we'll keep moving。 Okay， Okay。

 quick question。 Ma quick。 This is like different identities that they'ing。 Yeah， what about it。

 okay。😊，Gotcha。 Okay， good。 So look。Why do we only get access？ Allright， Why do we only。

Why do we only get access？To certain， to certain parts of our personality。 Okay， why is that。

 Why is it that？ sometimes， Yeah， Why is it that sometimes。The words are all there flooding。

 flooding out， because guys， you guys have had that， right， a night where the words just flood out。

 Yeah， survival。 environment moment。 Yep， exactly。 I'm gonna get into it。 Yeah， it's rhetorical。

 Why do we。😊，Do that exactly entitlement， okay now look。Guy thinking that's good。So look。

 sometimes it's very easy to be confident。 sometimes it's hard。So we pose the question。

 So why would your mind only give you access to the part of your personality that it thinks other people will like。

It definitely seems pretty counterproductive。😡，Well， unlike now。

The last couple thousand years that we've lived in a civilized society。In a society。

Where if you piss someone off。I know it's unfortunate。

 They're not allowed to pick up a big rock and bash your head in。It'So annoying。

 What these fucking dude is you just want to bash their heads in with rocks and shit。

 You like have to like， not do that。Anyway， so。We now live in a society where life has value and people will not hurt each other。

You can step up a lot， right， and nothing's going happen。You know what I'm saying。

 like you can go into a club。 You could be the biggest dick in the world， if you want。You know。

 and nothing' is going happen。Oh no， dude。 I mean， look， I've been out for years。

 I've never seen a guy get beat up yet。 All right， I've seen nothing。

 And some of the shit that I've made guys do before and that I've done is so stupid that you would think that someone would just come and just end it all。

 All right， all the time。😡，I dont know a man。 I never seen it。 Like， you know， you know。

 I just don't deal with it。 Like， look， guys， here's the other thing when you're in state。

Nothing fucking happens。 Allright， but look， maybe we have some counter examples here。

 So maybe you will get beat up。 But certainly， I would say this， okay。😡，All right。

 maybe you're going to get your ass kicked， man。All right。And if you do fuck it， so what。

 But you're still not going to get killed。 All right。

 hass anyone ever seen someone get killed in the club。 Am I going to lose on that one。😡。

I had't seen somebody get killed was actually its a really good friend mine Yeah。

 he almost got killed at friend what did he do He was basically just like。

Dgging the girls to the party and like acting like a dick。 and it was a social， you know。

 a social circle。 He wasn't really like invited there。 but like he knew one of the guy。

 the was like whatever shows up guy like this is basically what happened。

 He goes outside there like dude， you know， talk to your buddy goes outside and talk to his buddy dude jack and like he woke up in a hospital the next day with a fucking like they had given almost severe brain damage really Okay。

 so we're gonna edit this。 Okay。Okay， so Tyler is right， okay？Look， look， okay。Suulation but。

So thoses how core comm， man， all right。😀あははは。😊，Yeah， yeah， this bod look。

 you get to fight in the club and here's what you hear， you hear。Right then you go， like that。 Okay。

 it's happened to me before。 Alright， It's happened to me。 I get too excited。

 like fuck you right on here。 I get dragged out of the club。 Okay。

 happened to me like a year ago or no like a couple months ago， all right。😊，Okay， so look。Kin of fun。

 though， But anyway， look。For the most part， the threat level of violence。

 aside from these odd incidents， the threat level of violence is dramatically reduced。 All right。

 And if you're choked at home， please do not be terrified by these incidents of which you heard all right。

Because for the most part， it's all good。 Okay， And here just keep go。 But the point is， look。

 there's not a lot of threat level。 these for the most part， you can just be the biggest idiot。

 And I'm not encouraging you to be an idiot。 But what I would say is that don't be afraid of being an idiot。

 Like because I guess whenever you're trying on a new behavior。 of course。

 it's gonna look stupid sometimes。 Of course， right， any newbie， is's gonna look like a dumb ass。

 that's called reality。 Like any time that you're a newbie， you're trying on all these new behaviors。

 they're not calibrated yet。 You know that feeling when you see someone who knows he's not cool and he's trying act cool。

 how cheesy that looks， that's gonna be you。 right， you are gonna be that guy。

 you're gonna be the dumbass looking guy when you're trying on a new behavior because it's not new yet。

 All right， you have not learned how to do it yet。 So it's not calibrated。Well。Okay。

 so are you afraid of that， If you're afraid of that， then your。

 then the range of your personality will never expand。 Allright。

 your personal range is not going to expand。 So you've got to get over that。 Allright， look。

 let me tell you something。 a very， very big part of mastery in terms of success with women is ability to endure humiliation repeatedly。

 And isn't that funny， by the way。Most guys here would be completely willing to get in a fight with somebody and get really hurt if someone steps over their boundaries。

 Why， because that's a manly thing to do， right， It's like you will go to the utmost extreme to live up to your identity。

 won't you， But when it comes to humiliating yourself。 we don't want to do that。 right。

 That's almost worse than getting beat up。 because humiliation is not a part of your identity。

 You know， where being manly is part of your identity。

 looking like a dumbass showed is not a part of your identity。😡。

