# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：09.无反应与强框架【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

The basic context， and this is sort of a big buzzword within real social dynamicss is the wordreing。

 reactive， like who's the more reactive， how to be unreactive， those kinds of things。

 who's reacting more， and of course， if you're not careful。

 this can put you into a mental knot right because you're doing mental black backlist am I reacting to this am I reacting that I'm not trying to lead you down that path。

 although you know what， thinking that way for a short period of time could at least make you aware of what's going on。

😡，So between two people， let's look at the dynamics here， and I want you to really key into this。😡。

First of all， the dynamic of who is screening and who is trying to impress。😡。

The dynamic of who is screening and who is trying to impress。Can be very obvious， for example。

 in the case of a guy going， oh， you know， I have this watch。 blah， blah， blah， or it can be really。

 really， really， really subtle。 Allright， It can be absolutely subtle。

 It can just be who's going more into their head and exerting more effort。All right。

 on the other hand。These principles are not universal， because what if。

You're just in the mood to blab your mouth off。 You're just blabbing away。

 And the girl is trying to impress you by not talking， right， She's like， oh。

 I'm not gonna to say anything so that I seem aloof， right。Notice this。 there's no escaping the。

 there's no escaping the truth。 Remember how I said the self is always coming through。

 There's no tactic for this。All right， the look。Tctics are like bandai solutions。

 You can take the most desperate， needy guy in the world and say to him， okay， dude。

 when you go up to this girl， I want you to say， can you cook because if you can't cook。

 I'm breaking up with you And the girl go， oh， that's so funny， and she'll touch him and she'll go。

 no， I can you know stuff like that。 or are you aventurous or whatever is。 And these are good lines。

 In fact， I recommend lines like this because teaching a newbie， what effect this has。 I mean。

 to tell a newbie， like look， go up and ask the girl she's aventurous and tell she's not adventurous you won't hang out with her。

 And then the girl says starts qualifying herself to you saying， no。

 I'm so adventurous to a newbie who hasn't been laid in months or whatever。 This is like。😊。

A gift from God， right， This is like mind， earth shattering， mind blowing stuff。

 right because we're seeing that dynamic that's taking place， but。In truth。

 it can only be kept up for so long， right， Because sooner or later， the woman's gonna be like。

 you know next you're like like， do you like to go to the bar because if you don't like to go the bar。

 I won't hang out with you right？ Do you like to come to the restaurant because if you don't want to the restaurant。

 I won't hang out with you right， She's like， well， no kidding， so。You can't really hide it。 right。

 It's the same thing with like， you know， the eggg right like tossing like， you know what。

 you and I would not get along。 You know why We too similar。 You wouldn't take my shit。

 I wouldn't take your shit。 A line like that。It's called we call those a button push， right。

 And it does create immediate attraction。 It'll create like。

 if you say that it will spark a five minute， a 5 second，10 second，20 second burst of attraction。

 But why don't we go deeper Because that's what I did， right？ Like we came up with these cool lines。

 that really great and everything。 This was way back in the day。 You know， five years ago。

 had lines like this， right？ And then we saw that they work。 But we said， well。

 what's the principle behind them。For example， to say， you know， you and I wouldn't get along。

 you know， we're too similar， well， you what does a line like that communicate？

About you that could be attractive。 You have rapport You're。 Oh， yeah。

 what else You have rapport already just Yeah， yeah， it could be like a playful。

 like a playful back and forth。 What else from reality What's that。Yeah， pulling back her reality。

 we'll talk more about that soon in depth。 Yeah， what else， You're judging her Yeah。

 you're judging her， right， You're the judge。 So when you communicate that， yeah。

 you've got a quick little fix there， right？ So I can come up here and I can sort of throw that onto a DVD product。

 And people say， yeah， Tyler， I tried out your idea。 and it worked really great。😊，Of course。

 did you actually have any real success？ Well， yeah， you know the girl giggled and stuff。Right。

 and it does create a short term thing of attraction。 And in fact， there's no reason not to use it。

 if you like that type of humor。 If it just arises out of you and you say a funny thing like that。

 I'll say stuff like that。 Sure， it's fine。 But the point is， let's go deeper， guys。

 Why don't we use the surface level tactics and techniques that we've learned and go deeper beneath the surface to see what is good about it。

 and then see how we could actually integrate that into every aspect of our being。

 How does that sound， right， How does that sound， right， that sound， that's definitely pretty hyp du。

 Okay， So you know， something like who is screening and who is trying to impress。😊。

I'll talk more about this later， but in a lot of ways， look， when you're talking to a girl。

 and I'll talk more about this later， when you're just in the moment， right， just you。

 even like feeling your breath， feeling the inner body， just looking around the environment。

 just feeling good and just sharing with the girl and talking to her。

You're not trying to impress at all。At all， right。 And she feels that。 And she goes， wow。

 I really want to impress this guy。 You see， because you're actually， you've done something good。

 It's called authentic， right， We called， you know， the Blueprint book。

 It's called the Blueprint attractiontract。😊，attractiontract。

 authenticity and deep identity level change。 And one of the themes of authenticity is like really bringing these in so that they're a part of who you are like actually becoming a better person who has that level of depth Okay so creating depth within yourself。

 And when you're someone who has depth within himself， that is an attractive thing。

 And you never have like that's why I don't really get so much the approach anxiety these days right because it's not like I'm like okay。

 I've got to say this and this or whatever right if I have that depth than when I'm speaking with a woman is kind of automatically there。

 And that's this is what I'm trying to get into your guys's heads。So when we look at that dynamic。

 who is screening and who is trying to impress？😡，RightAnd when I say screening。

 that doesn't even have to mean that you're really screening her。

 it's just that you're enjoying your time。 And if she does something to screen herself out then she does something to screen herself out。

 if not that's fine too， mean， she may be a girl of sort of a higher level of consciousness and she does not try to impress you and that's fine。

 in fact， when you meet a girl who is on a level where she doesn't feel like she has to impress you and she's on that level because she has that kind of depth and you have that kind of depth。

 there's usually gonna be an immediate connection right there。

 know whether or not that has to turn into sexual thing or not， that's your choice。

 But the point is there is that kind of chemistry。Let's go next。 The next one。

 who is emotionally affected by the other person's acceptance。And who would feel no change？All right。

 so I want you guys to think right now about think about people who you've met your life who when you were speaking with them。

 you cared about their acceptance。Maybe you were coming from a scarcity mindset and you're like。

 okay。I want to impresspress this person。 How about this， if they leave。

 would you feel affected by it？ And when I say affected。What I mean is like。

You know that good feeling that you have in your body， like just that good feeling。

 like you could just be standing there waiting for a bus and just like that good feeling that's in your body。

Well， when that person comes， do you feel more of it， and then suddenly when they leave。

 you feel like you're lacking it。😡，In that case， that person probably has a stronger reality in the situation。

 All right， they probably you are probably reacting more than they are。All right， next。

 this is really interesting。😡，Okay， I think that this and it reflects the lot of stuff we've spoken about so far。

 I think this has got to be one of just the coolest things in this whole deal。

 and that is who is losing their concept of what's cool and who feels no change。😡。

And what I mean by that， I want you to think about this。 say that you have a certain way of speaking。

 right， Maybe certain jokes that you like do you have any funny kind of like mannerisms or anything like that。

 Like in your conversation， you're French Canadian， right， Yeah Yeah， So I mean。

 French Canadian people are known to have a lot of funny expressions and stuff like that。

 funny ways of expressing themselves。 Well say that。嗯。Let's say that you're speaking with somebody。

And whereas is at home when you're with your friends， you know， you know， maybe you know。

 I don't know， know whatever kind of expression that you have。

 have all these funny ones coming in my mind。 But the point is that you have those expressions。

 And then suddenly you're speaking with someone and you feel like you can't speak in that way anymore。

 Like maybe you're speaking with someone very formally rather， they're speaking with you formally。

 And suddenly for no for no parent reason， by the way， because's completely arbitrary。

 you just feel inclined to speak that way back。 Maybe someone sends you an email in a certain type of conversation。

 And then you speak back in that style， The classic example， say you're hanging out in New York。

 right， And you got like the big homebos and stuff like that。 And you say the little white guys。

 And those guys like， what's up， Boy， And then the white like， yo what up， mygie， He's like。

 what's up， Holmes like that And then the guys are like。😊。

Like that because they see it right like they see like some little white guy trying to talk like he's from the ghetto。

 you know， trying to talk like， you know， he's a gangster or something like that because he's trying to fit into their reality All right Yeah comment I it's a very subtle one being from England Americans would try and drop in British phrases they think I't know。

I mean I use it， and I'm like， you're just saying bloody because you're trying to be like me yeah。

That's bloody interesting。 Allright， Okay， that's cool。 Yeah， bloody interesting， I say。 alright， so。

😊，Think look。When you're speaking with a girl， right， say you're in California， for example。

 you're speaking to some girl from Callli and you know the girls from Callli。

 they're like not all through a massive stereotypes around here。 all right， but just you know Baman。

 whatever。 right， try and make some drop of principles。 Now， look。

 say that you're talking to girl from Call she's like oh my God。

 I can't believe it I know I couldn he just brought out my parking， It took forever。 my daddy。

 he bought me a BMW and he brought to school with a bow on it。

 Can you believe that I was so mortified。 All right And so suddenly you'll see guys that are like they're trying to talk to the girl and they're like girl。

 I know yes， I know and they're trying to fit in with that right they're trying to match that type of talking。

 All right the same thing goes from like your own look。

 have you guys ever found yourself talking to somebody And then they say that they don't like something that you really like and then maybe you pretend that you don't like that anymore。

 right And look， that doesn't mean like okay so in the real social。

I learned't to have to be unreactive， so if someone says he doesn't like something。

 I have to immediately assert my views that I do like it。

 I'm not telling you that you have to do that a lot of times people say they don't like something that I like and I just don't have anything to say about it and that's fine you don't have to react against being reactive because that's like reacting against reacting against reacting and reacting and reacting so that doesn't make any sense。

😡，Paradoxical， but simultaneously， you just want to do your own thing。

 So what that means is like when I'm talking to somebody， if they have a different opinion from mine。

 I'm not gonna start qualifying myself to show how I agree with them or anything like that。 I mean。

 look， maybe I will a little bit on some level。 I'm not trying to tell you guys never ever do that。

 Don't be versatile in any way， shape or form。 maybe you can just you know。

 just be trying to move a social situation through your life quickly or whatever it is。

 But the point is generally I try not to feel that need to have to change up what I'm saying。 right。

 and that's what I want to see you guys doing。 if you have your own type of humor。 Like for example。

 actually， I'm going to talk about something I really love here。

 whenever I'm training a guy on the long term。 like if I've worked with a guy in the long term。

 one of the things that I will eventually really try to incorporate into his interactions with women is to get his real sense of humor out。

And this is an interesting thing because。嗯。O， take my my buddy， oldgi， for example。

 This guy has this wacky sense of humor。 Allright， So he， like， for example， he uses puns。Like。

 who uses puns， right？You know， like the lowest common denominator of humor humanly possible all right or he will say like and he also likes to beatbox like he beat boxes and stuff like that。

 and he makes all these stupid jokes。 But the thing is he is amused by these jokes like he is incredibly。

 incredibly amused by this kind of a humor and when he's with us with his friends you know he will always throw that stuff in right But when he's around girls when I first met him。

 he wouldn't throw that stuff in there right。So one of the things that he kind of worked on was bringing his real humor into the interaction and rather than trying to react to the type of humor that she likes。

 having more centeredness， conviction and rooted rootedness or whatever you want to call it in your own sense of humor。

 All right， in your own beliefs in your own opinions。

 your own your own little mannerisms and vibes and stuff like that。 All right， So basically。

 that's the next one that we're talking about， which is。😡。

Who is losing the concept of what's cool and who doesn't feel any change。

And I always think it's really great when two people can interact together。

 and they both get to keep their concept of what's cool and there's nothing going on there。😡。

More authentic type of interaction。Likewise， as we just covered。

 who is changing the way that they normally talk in order to keep up and who is setting the tone of the conversation。

Likewise， who would feel like they're having just as much fun if the other person wasn't there and who would feel like they're getting kicked out of the warm end of the pool。

 Look， if you ever want to see， where is like the epicenter of the party。Right guys。

 where is the epicenter， where are the cool people， the cool people in be at the nightclub。

 the party wherever it is， are the people who are having their own fun and they're not inconsiderate。

 but they're not overly worrying about other people having fun？😡，And you see that。For example。

 the guys that are really successful with women， They go to the club and they're having their own fun。

 And if the girls talking to them and the girl leaves， they don't feel like something was lost。

 You know， like they might say， okay， well， you know，' having fun talking to。

 but they don't feel like that neediness for her to come back。 Okay。

 they have that same good feeling in their body。 Whether the girl is there or not。 All right。

 So that's what you guys have to have。 It's like， you can leave for a little bit。

 have fun with your friends。 And you're not doing to show her。 right， Like， look。

 now's the time for a takeaway and you have to show her that you don't care。 It's cool to do that。

 All right， do you guys what a takeaway is。 That's where you're talking to a girl。

 she's really into you having fun and they just kind leave for a bit。😊，And she goes， damn。

 I was having fun with that guy， and she realized how much she likes you at that point。

 But the thing is。On one level， sure， it's great to show the girl that you can have fun without her。

 but on another level， here's the thought。I mean， it's just a thought。 You can take it or leave it。

How about really having fun without her。How about actually having fun on your own time。阿 mean。Now。

 fuck that man。 you just gotta get the girls folks， No， you see what I'm saying。

 have fun on your own time。Quick question do you pull it off if you're alone？That's a tough one。

You can have fun on your own， too。Yeah， no， it is a tough one。 I'm not even kid like I'm joking。

 but simultaneously it's true。Most people do not have fun sitting at a bus stop。

Most people don't have fun waiting in the line of the bank。Why it's called resistance， right。

 they think that certain things are supposed to be going on， they can' use themselves。

And that's where the concepts like meditation come in。 right， Have you ever done meditation down。

 Okay， So when you do meditation， you feel the inner body， right， Does it feel warm and pleasant。

 Sure， right， All right， No， it doesn't。 I'm messing with you。 No， yeah， it feels warm and pleasant。

 right， You can just sit there on your own。 That's called being a self amused individual。😊。

Being a guy who has his own fun。 Allright， someone who can go take a trip to Europe and doesn't need to have a friend。

 All right， someone who can go traveling on their own and do their own thing。

 It's called being independent。 Allright， And that really comes from。😊。

What we talked about yesterday， which is not always looking at the surface of things。

 but looking into the depth of things。 So， for example。Could you just look at this bottle of water。

 And this sounds completely dumb and off the wall to most people here。 And I understand that。

 But could you look at this bottle of water and just be amused by it。Yeah。You know， can you。Alright。

 and the ability to amuse yourself is one of the most incredibly attractive qualities that anyone can have。

On all levels， because it's going to eradicate the highest level of neediness。And you're the party。

 All right。 And， you know， there's different types of level。

 like when we talk about bringing the party， which we'll talk about later。

 there's different levels at it。 right。 I mean， one level is just feeling good。

 The other level is like when you're with your friends and creating that party。 Well， obviously。

 if you're on your own， it's a little bit harder to create the party。

 Do we have Zack in the house right here， by the way。😊，There's Zack back there。 That'。

 That's my buddy， Zack， right。Okay， I can't see that far back。 but basically， Zach。

 that motherfucker can bring the party without anybody。 All right， like when we went to Italy。

 he can just go off on his own and he just starts dancing。 he's like， yeah， yeah， right。

 He just sends that guy has more fun than anybody。 But Zach is also one of the highest selfest seen people I've ever met。

😊，Okay， so also， how do you Zach。37， right have you been like that since you're a kid or did you develop that as you got on in life？

I he's been over time definitely seeking out on that。嗯哼。Yeah。

 like you grew into it And and I think that that's something that comes with maturity。

 And that's why every year that goes by， you can become more successful to women。

 even as you get older， because you become more centered。 we'll talk about that。 So look， yeah。

 you know when you're on your own， you have to be centered in your own reality and enjoying yourself。

 be able to enjoy and look around and just enjoy the environment。

 And then because the problem is if you're on your own right and say that you're a person who only sees the surface of things。

 So you're only looking the surface。 So it's like oh。

 is this girl like do I have a big group of girls around me right now that are providing me with stimulation right。

 and you need that surface level of amusement all the time in order to enjoy yourself。 Well。

 of course， you're walking around the club and then you're like。

 I don't have that surface level of amusement so you don't feel very good。

 And when you go up to the girl， you're coming up with that half empty cup as so eloquently exhibited over here。

 drooling on myself。😊，And。Essentially， that's not a good thing because you're having to switch modes。

 right， You're having to switch modes。😡，From feeling needed to trying to act cool。

This is why things like television and video games。

And all the instant stimulation that goes on when we grow up， although it can have positive effects。

 like I think by playing doom or Wolfenstein， you can learn problem solving and stuff like that。

 but then on another level it also can turn you into a simulation junkie whereas like a kid that just grew up having to play imagination games with his friends like out in the prairies or something like that or 100 years ago or say he all he had was like a wooden horse。

😡，And like two wooden toys that he just bahes together and like imagines all this stuff in a lot of ways that's going to teach self- amusement。

 Bertrand Russell actually spoke about that， or he wrote about that in one of his books about how you kids are just know they have so much instant gratification these days so much different simulation that they grow up and they don't know how to enjoy you the death of life。

And obviously， there's exceptions to every stereotype now。Strong reality。What does that mean again。

 you have a strong reality of who you are， right like that really core concept。

 like like your reality of who you are is strong and unshakable。

 And this is why you're not going to do things like try to impress。

 That doesn't mean that you can't impress。 That doesn't mean that you cannot that you're somehow restricted from saying impressive things。

 It just means that you're not。😡，Feeling this need to get validation and sort of， you remember。

 we talked about the rhythms。Okay， so let's go back to that because it's important。Well's redraw it。

You talked about the rhythms， right。And say that the rhythm of like a cool guy is something like that。

Well， what neediness does。Is it fucks up your flow and fucks up your rhythm because you start going like this。

 You're not on the rhythm。 Okay， You've lost it。 All right， when you feel good。😡。

You go with the rhythm very nicely。All right。So in other words。You can say to a girl， look。

 say that you're a doctor or something that's impressive。😡，It can come out that you're a doctor。

The problem is when it comes out off rhythm， like at the wrong time， she can sense。

 be it consciously or more common unconsciously that you drop that out there because you're looking for a reaction from her in order to make your reality stronger。

 That is what she is sensing off of you。 and attraction goes down。😡，When you feel good on your own。

 that's why like that whole feeling good inside yourself， just like being able to be alone in a room。

 being able to wait at a bank line and just feel good。

 that good feeling naturally leads to that unreactive quality all right， that nice unreactiveness。

 that's a very RSD buzzword unreactiveness when you're already feeling good。

 you're not feeling that pull， that black hole of neediness。😡，All right， so look。

 by not allowing the other persons or sorry， By not allowing your own behaviors and emotions to be thrown off by the other person's reality。

 you are being the most unreactive。 That doesn't mean。Quick misinterpretation check here。

 Does unreactive mean being unresponsive。Does unreactive mean being inexpressive？😡，Good， all right。

 because a lot of guys hear about being unreactive。And they turn into Clint East'swood。Okay。

 that's what they do。 And then later， they might say， you know， I just learned to be myself now。

 Fuckle this unreactive shit。But you see， that's what being unreactive is。

It's about being expressive， you know， it's about responding to the world， but on your own terms。

 as we say， acting through your own intentions。 So， you know， a lot of the time。

 I will use descriptions that I feel will connect with different people。

 some people can only think in terms of negatives， some people can only think in terms of positives。

 For example， if I say to someone， look， have good eye contact， good body language， good voice。

That may connect with them， but other people you have to tell them， don't be a bitch。😡。

Don't have weak voice， you know， don't， don't get up tightight。

 Different forms of communication connect with different people。

 So I try to use a broad range of terms that every single one of you here can connect with these ideas。

 So in a lot of ways， being unreactive。Right another way of looking at that is acting through your own intentions。

 which is a great buzzword， acting through your own intentions。Now， look。

Can you react to the things that you like and appreciate， sure。

Can you react to a reality that you want， Sure， But say that a girl tries to push you into the role。

 When we talked about roles， when she tries to push you in the role of chasing her。

 when she tries to put you into the role of impressing her。You don't allow that into your reality。

 You don't react to that as being a part of your reality。Here's the key。Key right here。

 you stay positive。You say upbeat and you say being you。

 and you draw her into that good reality and state that you're in。And that is。

 we talk about advanced pickup artist。 We talk about the things that allow the best guys to be successful。

 That is absolutely one of them。 Okay basically， you guys ever heard the expression plowing， Yeah。

 plowing All right， when we think about plowing， it's the same sort of thing you're talking to the girl。

 she's not responding properly and you hold you know they call holding the frame right。

 holding your frame of reality， all right， holding your state。

 you're talking to her and she might be saying， oh， you're a jerk your player go away。

 but you don't let that affect you， you hold your state。 All right。

 you're not reacting to these negative outside influences if you're okay。

The best way that I could describe that to you。 The very。

 very best way I could describe it to you is imagine。

You've got a hole which is shaped like a triangle。😡。

And then you've got a peg that' shaped like a circle。

What happens when you try and shove the circular peg into the triangle hole？😡，It doesn't go， right？

That's what being unreactive means when you're talking about being unreactive to negative feedback。

 what you're essentially communicating is this is so far outside my reality to be treated negatively。

 not only am I not going to put up a negative bullshit， okay let's take it at level higher。

 not only do I not put up with negativity。😡，I don't even realize that negativity exists because I've never seen it。

AK。The way you're acting is retarded。Because nobody else acts like you。

Think of what's being communicated there， like if you've got that sort of that unreactivity， right。

 like you're talking and she's reacting in a negative way and you can't even see it like you can't even tell you guys don't Pepe lap pe。

😡，Who's Pepe Le Pew， the skunk， right？ Yeah， Yeah， okay， Think Pepe La Pugh， Okay。

 you want to poster， take down your Justin Timmberl poster。 All right。😊，😀は。I'm not taking mine down。

 but you guys could take your JT photo。All right， look。Put up a poster Pepe Le pubbe， you know。

 even though the guy doesn't really have the best game， right？

But he will not be denied okay Pepe All right， that guy doesn't see negative feedback。

 And by the way， we're going to talk about pros and cons of that in a little bit。

 A lot of the things that we're talking about， we look at the surface and later we'll go more to depth。

 So there are pros and cons of that， but for the most part。😡。

You want to have the advantages of the Pepe Lepu without the disadvantages。

 And we'll talk about how you could achieve that as this goes on now。Okay， so。Thank you。All right。

 so the thing is， like I said， okay？😊，Little illustration。If this is your perceptual input。😡。

And she tries to say something negative。Oh， no worky， okay， no worky。Doesn't go。

 that's what basically being unreactive is you're feeling good in your body and negativity is not entering into your space as a result。

 you pull people into that why， whoever has the strongest reality， what good。😡，Ultimately。

 the key question is， who is changing the way they act to try to get value from the other person and who is being more themselves。

 All right， who is trying， are you trying to change the way that you act to get value from that person or you being yourself。

 That's essentially what the unreactiveness comes down to who's reacting to who more。 Now。

 here's another key。😡，And this is another misconception。

 so in the same way that some people will hear about being unreactive and they'll become like Clin Eastwood。

 another common misinterpretation is that people will think that it is now their job to assert their reality over other people。

😡，Is having the dominant reality？Is it about asserting your reality over others？

Who are you asserting your reality over Yeah， and then what happens oftentimes correct。

 And if it doesn't， that's fine。 All right， you're not going around trying to suck other people into your reality。

Come on， talk about win lose， all right。People have the choice。They have the choice。

 and you leave them the choice。Have dominion over your own mind。beat is called being self possessed。

That's what having the strong reality is about。😡，Now look。This is something。

That I think absolutely affects most people that I meet。😡，And it's lacking。Trust in your faculties。😡。

哎。Look。Most people don't trust themselves。 Most people are not able to look at reality for what it is。

 They need to look to others for guidance。 Remember， we talked yesterday about the earthquake。

 earthquakequ goes on。 Tsunami may be coming。😡，What do most people do？嗯。Oh。Go back to bed。

They put their lives in the hands of others。 All right， Likewise， the riot。 we gave the riot example。

H， everyone's breaking stuff。Right， boom。 that's how most people think most people need to be told what to do。

 They have not exercised the muscle of going off a firsthand experience。

 They haven't exercised that muscle。 They haven't come to be able to trust their own eyes。

 Many people bury themselves。😡，In other people's principles。

They shelter themselves by interpreting the world through the eyes of others。

They don't have the trust or belief in their own eyes。😡。

This is definitely a root cause between what makes it guy phenomenally attractive and what makes them unattractive。

 isn't it， because when you trust your own judgment。

 look you're speaking to a woman right and say she gives you a test。

 she throws some kind of test to you let's say that the test is even really accurate look let's say that she says something that is spot on because you want to know something when you have some dorky thing about you like。

😡，I weigh 100， about 175 right now。 I weighed 200 last year。 All right， because I bulked up。

 I a and8， lifted heavyweights bulked up。 now I'm cutting。 I've got about 1050 more to lose。

 So last year， when I weighed 200， you better believe I got tested on it。

 you guys remember transformations。 little puier than now， right， Well the thing was， okay。

 wait till my next one， I'll be good。 So look， okay I would have made it all the way down for this one。

 but I went to Italy for two months。 last little progress。 But look， but it was fucking glorious。

 All right， now。You're talking to the woman right， and she throws those tests at you。

 and when you can just look at her like she just tests you and you just kind of look at her and you're like。

😡，And see， that's where the unreactiveness comes from。 right。

 She sees it in your pupils that you didn't retreat into your head。 You didn't go。 is that true。

Is what she said， is that true？RightThat's the key。 All right， When you， look， if you're short。

You better believe that when you've got a girl coming home in the car with you。

 she might say shit like， I don't go home with short guys。 I can't even believe I'm doing this。

 All right， if you're overweight， you better believe she might rub your belly and go。

 you've got the Buddha belly。😡，All right， I know okay。

 so the thing is you better believe that all right， if you've got a hairy back， girls。

 when they see they might say， I hate guys of the hairy back， it's nasty， all right。

 and there's different ways you can handle that。😡，You know， you do。Well， sorry。 Okay。

 I'm sorry about that。All right， okay， or you can be like， oh。Okay， right， and think about it。

 what does the girl care about more？Does she care about？The actual aspect of you。

Or does she care about how it affects you。Isn't that funny， right。

 She wants to know how is this guy affected by whatever perceived superficial shortcomings that I'm seeing。

That is what she's looking for。 Does it affect him， Does it bother him， Does it cause him to react。

 What does it do to him， She is looking at you to see that That's what she wants to know。

 The actual quality itself。😡，Is really arbitrary guys， it doesn't matter。So being unreactiveed。

 you walk up to the girl。 She starts throwing shit at you。 Girl can throw a different shit at you。

 Maybe she'll start saying they cant even throw obnoxious like， do you want to fuck me。😡。

You know stuff like that， right， Is that your pickup line。

 Other times they don't throw that stuff at all。 You'll find that when you get better， okay。

 do you guys know the cycle with congruces。The cycle goes like this when you start。😡。

Do you get congruent tests？Of course not。 Why girls aren't mean most， right， Most girls are not mean。

 They're not like going up to like。Like people that that are not any kind of threat or anything。

 just like loser jerk。 they're not doing that When a girl's testing you。

 that's because she thinks oh， he might be attractive。 Let's see what he's all about。

 Let's see what he's all about okay。Good。Let's see he's about。So she tests。But let me ask you this。

 would a girl have to test Brad Pitt， like， I don't know if this guy is good material for me to hook up with。

Right， let's see if he thinks he's a jerker on。 All right， Most girls don't really need to do that。

 So you'll find that you started off where you didn't get any tests。

 then as you got a bit of progress， you get more tests。 Then later。

 you'll start to get less and less tests to the point where maybe you don't even get them or at least very rarely。

And that's because you're very obviously rooted in your reality。 But regardless that unreactiveness。

If you're not qualifying yourself， you're not trying to impress， you're just being you。 Okay。

 remember how they say be yourself？It's kind of like that， little bit， something like that。

So when you trust in your own judgment， let me give you some examples。

Let's bring this back to the RISS example。😡，Particular activation system。

Have you guys ever known somebody who， when they got insulted。

 became obsessed with the person that insulted them or obsessed with the insult itself。

 Anyone ever seen something like that， All right， people that just react too easily。

When somebody insults you。Let's say。That that's your whole perception of reality。And。

Someone says something。Let's say that that person， remember how we said if someone has high value to you。

 they're going to be in your RIS。😡，So so if you think about it。If you get an insult。😡，Look。

 say that you get the insult。And they were already high in your particular activation system。

Then that insult is going to be focused on correct or incorrect。Good now。

What if that person throws an insult？But they were not in your focus。 For example， what if some。

Mentally like mentally ill homeless person on the street is like， youremini。Okay。

We she that on say all right， look， you're a meani。

 are you going to start like thinking about it or hearing it or anything like that？😊，Of course not。

What if someone who you view as having high value says it？Well， of course。

 the inclination is to start focusing on it。 This is why when people react too strongly to criticism。

 you can see that they're too attached to it。 And what do we call that。

 We call that giving your power away。 When somebody is reacting too strongly to criticisms of others。

 they are giving their power away。 they're giving that person status。

 They're showing that person is obviously in my R S。And I'm going to react to。

 and I can't help myself。 I need to keep talking and convincing other people。

 So that way I can believe it myself that I'm not what he said。So what does it mean like？😡。

Putting on a front。Justing or qualifying yourself。😡。

Trying to think of what you'll say to make somebody like you worrying about their opinions。

 feeling emotional about whether or not they hang out with you。 That's a funny one。

 being emotional about whether or not they hang out with you。

 It's probably a sign if you have those behaviors， that that person is so much in the forefront of your reality that they must have a lot of value to you。

 It basically communicate and straight from my notes。

 I don't value my own faculties highly enough to take my own opinion of it myself over somebody else's。

 I need other people to believe what I believe in order to make it real。

 I value other people's opinions more highly than I value my own。😡，And again。That comes down to。

Seeing the world through your own eyes。The girl teases you。 It just bounces off you。

 Other people teasse you， It bounces off you。 You see the world through your own eyes。

 You trust your own opinion of yourself。 Do you guys see how this also comes into play with creativity at all。

Say that you're writing a book， drawing a painting， creating a song。

If you're continually thinking about other people's reality for that song or their reception。

 is that a good creative state？Creativity， whether it's acting。Music。Making a graphic design。

 whatever it is， you have to have that trust in your own eyes。😡。

You have to believe this is what I like。 I value my own opinion。

 My sense of reality is strong enough。 And you want to know what。The same goes for meeting women。

 doesn't it？Because the gurus， right， the guys that are considered great at this。Are really the guys。

 What made them stand out is that they're the guys that said this is my new line。

This is my new method。 This is my new outlook on female psychology， and they believe it。

 They are the ones that have that sort of belief or trust in their own faculties。

And because they have a high level of trust in their own faculties， Other people follow them。

 You you guys ever seen a TV show lost。It's a very popular show where I'm Franklin from Honolulu now。

You know the character Jack？Jack is the one who like you know。

 in the show in the writing of the show， who sees the world through his own eyes。

 So other people look towards him because they need that leadership position。 That's what they want。

 Well， in the same way， women are a lot more likely to respond to you when you see the world through your own eyes。

 you trust your own faculties。 And this pros and con will get into this later。

 because a lot of the time people that trust so strongly in their own faculties are also closed off to feedback and can become too strong headed too rigid people who are hard very own reality like like。

 Oh yeah， between that and the fact that they have social proof。 Yeah Oh man， Yeah， of course。

 absolutely。So let's go into the concept of social ping。This is it right here guys。

Here's the formula。Look at it。That's what you need to know。Most unwavering certainty。

Least emotional reaction to conflicting views。Laid out succinctly right there。All right。

Whoever has the most unwavering certainty and least emotional reaction to conflicting views。

Will'll tend to have the dominant reality。That's the principle behind it。

People's views of reality are very subjective and always up for grabs。😡，So I'll say that again。

 People's concept of reality。Most people's concept of reality， certain， uncertain。Sure。

You know I give props？Cause he took a shot。 And they going， oh， oh， you。 Okay Okay， that's fair。

 Second language to you right。 Okay， All right， so look。

Most people's concept of reality tends to be very uncertain。

 most people don't tend to be very certain in the reality， again。

 walking through life and walking days， so when you have the more certain when you have unwavering certainty and the least reaction to conflicting views。

 they will tend to look to you imagine it like okay， here's a picture。They're doing this。

 And this is very much a hypnosis principle。At first， you guys remember social ping， right at first。

They're going like this。Like that。What happens when you start say that you're here， Okay。

 you guys want to be green or red。Nice。You even have a bigger smile， too。 See that's like。

 that's like the befuddled man like。He has a little question mark there。

I had such a good grade in kindergarten our class。 man， you guys， I got the certificate now， look。

What was happening？Is essentially。At first， reality is pinging like that。 right。

 But what begins to happen。As the certainty becomes accepted。It starts to go like this。Yes。

It goes like that。On all levels。Allright， And then， all of a sudden。He's like。Yeah。Okay， so look。

a C shaped smile， man。😊，Look。So we say to ourselves， look， that's how a strong reality gets imposed。

So look， say that emergency breaks out。Sa that you're in a subway and the subway crashes。And every。

 you know， people get a bit knocked up， right， Typically， what will happen is like， everyone's like。

Like， who's gonna， who's gonna be the leader， Who's gonna be the leader。

 And then someone's kind of like boom， He's like， okay， like at some point， someone goes， well。

 I guess nobody else is gonna to step up。 All right， And then he starts to make moves。 right。

 He starts to make the decisions。This is why most people in an emergency tend to be useless。 In fact。

 just excess baggage who you have to help， because they cannot keep their cool。

 They are too attached to their concept of like， reality looked like this a minute ago。

 Why did it change and the resistance overwhelms them。

Most people are just looking towards others to think of how they should think or act。

 they are always seeking out certainty and whoever has the strongest， most rock solid。

 fixed interpretation of reality will usually have the most influence and quote unquote。

 draw them into their world。😡，So essentially， look。

If you believe that some shortcoming that you have， like whether it's height， money。

 some superficial nonsense， if you believe that that is a shortcoming。Then it is。

 if you believe that whatever limitation that you have is a shortcoming， it is。

If you don't believe it's a big deal， if you believe that humans come in all races， shapes。

 and sizes， and that is completely arbitrary。Then it's not a big deal， allright。So it's up to you。

 any， I want you guys to think about any shortcoming that you feel that you have right now。

Whether it's a big deal or not is entirely up to you。Okay， really。And。

We can kind of have a sort of an interesting debate about that in the sense that you could say， well。

 I mean， look， you know， if you have like this wrong with you or this wrong with you。

 you should fix it， and I think that makes sense， you know I think that for your own set of standards。

 if you have something that you need to fix about yourself， you should fix it。

But don't ever mistake the fact that there are guys with all sorts of stuff wrong with them out there that are having a lot of success with women。

Maybe most of the ones that are like that don't。 But you've always got those freak cases。

 Does anyone know anyone who's like， you know， like very unusually unattractive in some regards。

 superficially， but who still is just totally well with women and who you're almost envious of their skills。

 like just so awesome。Y， you do， down， you do， right， y。You know。

 we all know somebody like that because they've decided not to make it an issue。My friend Hobe。

 he says。So many people are placing limitations on me。 I just thought。

 why would I place more on myself。And that's how simple he thinks of it。 Like to him。

 you know how I talk about how someone can click in your reality， That simple statement。

 because who he's not like the type of guy to overanaze things。 that very。

 very simple statement just means everything。 I' just like， yeah。

 why would I put a limitation on myself， Everyone else is always trying to do that。

 I don't want to do that。If only it was so easy， right， if only was so easy as that。 But really。

 you know what it is if you let it be， if you can let it be。 So your reality。😊，You're worthwhile guy。

 You have a lot going for yourself。 You're totally happy and comfortable with your looks。

 You're totally happy and comfortable with your lifestyle。

 You've got an abundance of women who want to be your life。And if you are so convinced of it。😡。

That you will not show。The slightest reaction。To anything else？

Then people are drawn into that reality。That's what it's going to come down to。 Okay。

 you can bring people into your reality。Look。1。Anytime that you're talking about women in general。

 of course， you're drawing， you're making generalizations。

So let's make some generalizations about women here。 And， of course， all women are different。

 but ultimately， all people have more similarities than they do differences。

 So let's draw some similarities here。Think about yourself as a guy。As some kind of like an island。

So different guys。Are like Islands。And think of the woman。As like an explorer， right， she has。

That's her。That's a boat， by the way， okay？It's a sailboat。You notice。Look。

What girls tend to do is they will go on voyages。Into different guys is reality。Right。

To check them out。And to see if they're fun。So。Most guys。Have it as backwards。Because essentially。

 you want to know what most guys are trying to do。感据在线。

They to with the country inside the ship They're trying to fit like their reality into what I thought that was like some like bizarre hard to sex metaphor。

 Yeah， Yeah， no， yeah， or they're trying to I mean， either A。

 they're trying to put their country inside the ship or B， they're trying to be this， right。😊。

When you take a woman out， you're inviting her into your reality。

Isn't that one of those critically counterintuitive ideas that when you take a woman out。

 you have to bring her into your reality， not vice versa？😡，So see what most guys do is they're like。

 okay， what would the woman like。I know she would like to be on a date where I take her out。

And give her everything she wants。Effective， no， not really。What's interesting is that。

You know what are great ways to take a girl out？Sounds funny， take her shopping for you。For yourself。

 like I need to find a shirt。 Let's go。 All right， or yeah， I need to go get groceries。 Let's go。

 All right， say hey， well hang I'm grabing some groceries。 Let's go。

 Allright and that's not even like a tactic。 That's not like， yeah。

 show her how much you don't even care by saying， yeah。

 I don't even care so much that I would ch for groceries in front of you。

 Like I'm not trying to come from that angle。 All right。

 what I'm trying to say here is that is literally you are inviting her into your world。 All right。

 bringing her into your reality。 and she's getting a taste of that。 because you know what。

 she's gonna to be invited into the realities of many different men and she's gonna to go to the one that is the most exciting and compelling and interesting for her where she feels good where she gets the most good emotions women very emotional creatures as are menm going feel their emotions very powerfully So she gets the most good emotions is where she's gonna tend to gravitate towards whoever's reality that is。

😊，When I teach live boot camp programs back when I was single。

 I used to bring girls out on them as a great way to hang out because， look， what's my life。

 My life is teaching。 So of course， I'm going invite her into my world。 All right。

 anywhere where you can invite the girl into your world and let her have a taste of it without putting any pressure on her。

To have to feel uncomfortable。Is is really adding a lot of attraction， You know。

 simultaneously not putting pressure on her， but having that little bit of steady escalation physically at the same time。

 Allright， is's kind of a paradoxical thing。 So look。When you bring that girl into your reality。😡。

You're doing it the right way。When you're approaching a girl in a state of approaching anxiety。

Saying please dictate my reality to me。I don't know who I am。I'm feeling out of state。

 but if you could dictate to me that I'm cool by laughing at my jokes， that would be really great。

You can do that， but everything that's masculine and attractive about you is being handed away。

So that is the opposite of what works Bring her into your reality This is why when you do an approach。

 what's a great way to approach a girl， just start talking。

 just start talking about whatever silliness comes into your head and she can mess around and play around in your reality。

 which is100 times more exciting than what every other guy is doing。😡。

So that's quite like kind of day twos you say and the foundations about。

Did you bring them into your reality like talking about those different guys like when I was a writer and people the woman over writing you be writing running out the clock。

 Yeah， it's great， so look。Bear in mind that that's ultimately what the girl wants。 right。

 She wants that interesting experience。All right， so let's think about the strength of your reality as being like a muscle。

Okay， think of it as a muscle。And this is something that I love more than anything。

 in the sense that the strength of your reality grows every year of your life。

 if you're living in the right way。😊，So。Signs of a weak reality。How about？If somebody teases you。

 you feel affected。😡，If somebody blows you off， like。

 say that you were supposed to hang out with someone， they blow you off and you're upset。

 not upset because they've violated your personal boundaries and you're going say， okay。

 that's not acceptable， but you're upset because it's affecting your own sense of self。

That's a sign of a weak reality。 Now， when we think of a strong reality。

 what I'm gonna teach you guys is。Remember how I said that there's no like 10 funky steps in this program？

Well， that kind of wasn't totally true。Because I'm going to teach you the four pillars。

Of a strong reality。There's four， and you need to find them out， right， Okay。

 you guys will see that later in the sales material， the four pillars of a strong reality。 So look。

 what are the four pillars of a strong reality。Think about this guys。

 what might they be start imagining？First of all， the strength of your reality is， okay。

 think of it this way。In the same way， think about this， in the same way that when you lift weights。

 if you start off and you can only lift， say， 20 pound dumbbells when you start。😡。

And then as time goes on， you can curl 50 pound dumbbells after a couple years。

 The strength in your arms， the physical force that you're able to exert has increased， likewise。😡。

The strength of your reality is a muscle， because the more center that you get in your own reality。

 the stronger that that muscle gets to have influence。😡，Strength of your reality。Again。

 how strong your beliefs are。😡，How much your beliefs influence people？

To think and act how you expect。😡，Allright， how much。

The strength of your reality draws people in to start thinking and acting in the way that you expect。

😡，And lastly， as we said， how little your beliefs depend on the people around you to reinforce them。

So as far as social interaction goes。😡，The first pillar of a strong reality is who you are。😡。

That means your status， your sense of identity。 We spoke about that， what you deserve out of life。

 That is the first pillar of a strong reality。Next。And this one is so cool。Your values。😡。

Such as your tastes and opinions， your sense of humor。That kind of thing。 Now， why is that。So cool。

 Well， first of all， when we think of identity。Why is that cool？ Well， when you know who you are。

 if you get blown off or a congruence test， you stay unreactive。 You're unaffected。

 And isn't that great when you're really centering your own identity。 But next up， your values。

Why is that even doubly cool？😡，Well， as you see， when you know what you value。

 when you're speaking with the girl。You're not going to be intimidated by the superficial standards that she is living up to。

 because when you see a girl who looks beautiful。If your system of values。😡。

Has been imposed on you by advertising the media and social conditioning。

How well is a beautiful girl living up to those values。Like out of 10， if a girl is a 10。

 how old is she living up to them， a 10 right and that and as we said， right。

 by a superficial set of values， she's got it all， she might have she could be a 19 year old girl with a pair of fake breasts purchased for her by her ex boyfriendri。

Who very young in her life， right？ That's not a bad thing。 It's not a bad thing。

 It just means she's young。 Shes， she is， she's making her way in the world。 You know， she's making。

 you know， she's coming into her own。 And that's fine。 And I have total respect for that。

 But as a man who is rooted in your own values in your own life and your own path in life。

 Is that cause for intimidation。 Like， like， whoa， right， like， oh my God， she's eating a sandwich。

 It's so amazing， right， Okay， such a gift。 All right， look。😊，The thing is， as a man。

 you cannot be intimidated by those superficial values。 I knew a guy once we were in Mel's diner。

 and there was this girl who had like a lot of cleavage showing。 This girl was really。

 really gorgeous。 And he said to her， He said to her， am I supposed to be mesmerized right？

 He's like， what because got you got some tipsts ands， I'm supposed to be mesmerized， right。Oh。

 just mesmerized。 And she laughed and laughed and laughed because， you know。

 the laughter of recognition。 Well， she laughed because she realized when I dress like that。

 I'm essentially going out， try to mesmerize guys because that's what she's doing。 right。

 She's like a walking mesmerization machine。😊，Just walk through， you know， little female walk。

 and everyone around her is getting mesmerized。Like that。

 And's the one guy that doesn't get mesmerized that she's gonna try to mesmerized。

 And what did she say， I will make him think I'm hot。 believe me， when I am riding him back at home。

 he will know how hot I am。 All right， Okay， if that has to be。 okay， but he will acknowledge it。

 All right， And so that's not conscious。 It's just a subconscious reactions。 a knee jerkrk reaction。

 And there's a lot of reasons for them。 we'll get into it， but。Essentially， as a guy。

 you're not getting mesmerized， so when you know what your values are。😡，Number one。

 you don't get mesmerized by superficialityity。 You don't think you're cut from a different cloth。

 You know that all human beings have to piss and shit and fart and smell funny and all that kind of stuff。

 All right， you know that okay that's the thing。 people that are too caught up in the plasticy superficial image of humanity like they look at U magazine and they see the dress and like the makeup and the plastic surgery when they like wow。

 right you know the guys that are really， really good with women。

 They're the ones that know they're human。 you know， they're like yeah， yeah。

 they're not too selfconscious about themselves and they're not too selfconscious about even beautiful girls right and you know what's interesting about that。

 There's two levels of attraction。😡，Because on one level， when you're a showed。

Women are so attractive in like a goddesslike way。 isnsn't that funny， right。

 a woman is a goddess And then when you actually start getting success with women， you start dating。

 say that you date your first really hot woman and you realize that A。

 she has to do things to make herself look like that。

 but even if she's naturally beautiful regardless， B， you realize that she's a human being。

 she might be needy， she might be psycho， whatever it is。😡，You realize that。

 and now women will no longer seem like a goddess。😡，Right。

She might even seem a little bit annoying or whatever it is， right。 And you go， wow。

 I thought all my problems were gonna be solved。 I thought that I said that if I just had a hot girl。

 I could have sex with all day， I wouldn't care about anything else。

 and all my problems would be solved。 And I've got this girl now。 and my life is just the same。H。

In fact， I just have more complex challenges to hit today now because I've had this relationship。

didn't solve all my problems。 Who would have thought。 But you see， what's interesting is that。

You'll come to a place where women will become attractive again， but not on the surface。

 but in the depth。Remember how I talked about how initially we're conditioned to look at the surface and later we look at the depth as we grow。

 we'll see when you have your own sense of values and women are not like these like superficial goddesses to you anymore so you'll never look at them in the same way well that's really a more healthy thing now isn't it that's a lot more healthy because when you can see past the surface you see the depth right and then of course women will become even far more attractive than ever you experienced before because now you you're getting almost like that vibe off of her and like that energy off her and it's almost like can make you like weak in the knees。

 but not weak in the knees in the sense of like oh I need your validation so much or of neediness but just so's just so awesome and it's just so cool right and you can take it or leave it because you're rooted in your own sense of who you are but it's just such a cool bonus right it just adds fuel to your already existing fire So anyway。

On one level， knowing your own values， it allows you that。 But number two。

 it also creates a dynamic now， doesn't it。 Do you remember how we talked about the dynamic of。

Who is？Trying to impress and who is screening？😡，Well， when you have your own sense of values。😡。

Does that lend more towards screening or trying to impress， Of course。

 So what happens Have you guys ever heard the expression naturally screening。

 you ever heard that one。Being naturally screening， a naturally screening person。 Well。

 a naturally screening person is a great quality of someone who's attractive。Really is， okay。

 being a naturally screening human being。 And what that does is it makes other people want to live up to your standards。

 doesn't it。Which is a lot more naturally attractive。 So look， the first two pillars。One， what is it？

😡，嗰个。What's number two？Great。Now let's go to number three。Number three is called personal boundaries。

😡，And what personal boundaries means。😡，Is that when someone steps over those boundaries。

 you don't allow it so much because you have a strong sense of what's acceptable in your reality and what is not acceptable。

 So for example， and I'm not telling you to do this as a tactic and that's the opposite message of this program。

 I'm just trying to make a point trying to illustrate a point here。😡。

If a woman comes to your house and you say， hey， take your shoes off and you take your own shoes off。

 for example， is that going to decrease attraction or increase it？S is why。

For one thingYou're leading absolutely what else you're saying， hey， do you want to be here？

You got to step into what I accept as an acceptable thing。Yeah。Yeah。Expect my floor。 All right， Look。

 the thing is， is that what it really is is this。If you're a guy。

You guys can try that respect my full woman。 All right， like okay， thing think about it。

 If a woman can see that you have no personal boundaries， what does that say about you。

 can she trust you， has， What's that， She has free， Yeah， man， she has free re。

 So if she has free rain， who else has free re。😊，Right， if you're the kind of， look。

 do you think a girl really cares that much if she has to take her shoes off， Of course not。

 But what she does care about is that you are a doormat and you let other people walk all over you。

 and now she has to be the man in the relationship。 surrender Yeah， exactly。 and we'll get into that。

 So she can't surrender。 She basically can't be in her own you know。

 femin essence or own feminine self because she's constantly having to be the man。So， you know。

 sometimes you're talking to a girl， maybe she has her arms crossed like that。

 and then you say here uncro your arms right and you'll find that when you do that kind of thing。

 women just giggle uncontrollably and typically that's a giggling of attraction。 you know。

 but just showing those kinds of boundaries。 If you want to see the power of it。

 if you just want to try it as an experiment， try for one night going out and just drawing as many ridiculous silly arbitrary boundaries on any girl that you have a good interaction with that you could find right on crosss those arms。

 move over here， don't stand there。 right stop looking around。

 stop being crazy right and you'll see when you do that kind of stuff。

 it's they just start laughing uncontrollably And look when you begin to do this like look。

 that's an experiment that I might have done four years ago。

 right now if I draw boundaries on someone I'm not thinking but I'm not it's time to draw a boundary。

 I'm not like。😊，Step 16。Draw boundary。 All right， I'm not thinking like that。

 But when you first get into this stuff， sometimes you have to think like that， don't you， You know。

 when it's not integrated yet， it's not internalized，'s not congruent yet。

 So drawing boundaries is always a good thing。 And boundaries means things like being respectful。

And likewise， it can mean valuing your time， All right。There's a great expression。

 you are the CEO of your own life and you hire and fire at your own choosing。😡。

You hire and fire the people that get to be in your reality of your own choosing。I don't know。

 Sometimes I like slogans like that。 Sometimes I don't。 It can be kind of win lose。

 but it illustrates a point very succincly。 So that's why I like it。 You know。

 be the CEO of your own life。And you know what's funny？

It really isn't win lose when you think about it， because everyone enjoys being around someone like that more。

 don't they， Like people value someone who is centered a lot more。

 So it it's not even really win lose。