# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：08.身份与核心价值【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

This one is huge。 I mean， this is so big alliances。All right。Man， when I noticed this。

 it really tripped me out。 Okay， say that you're with your friends， okay， actually。

You guys ever heard of the ch crystal。 All right， the ch crystals when the choses crystallize together。

 All right So now in R city， we have a lot of funny terms。

 we do that on purpose to make something that some people view as being serious or nerveracking to make a humorous also because we're fucking ridiculous。

 So essentially， we call them choke crystal。 And showed crystal is like when you got a bunch of new guys or not even new guys say just like chose or whatever。

 And they're out and they crystallize together， typically they have the drink press up against the chest。

 You know maybe they're kind like bobbing with music that they don't really want to dancers are like like that right。

 or say that you have even newbies that go out。 Now you'll notice that guys who who are new at this tend to go out in packs like little wolf packs。

 You know how guys that are you see groups of 16 year olds that go out in big groups of like 12 of their friends like a little gang right And then what happens when they get a little gang a little bit ob noxoxious。

 right？ why Because when someone who's not used to being in state and doesn't feel like they deserve to be in state。

 goes。State because they have a bunch of their friends around very typically。

 they will act in obnoxious ways that they secretly have wanted to do for the longest time and didn't think they'd get away with。

 right， Isn't that funny， right， Like you can learn a lot about someone when they feel like they can get away with stuff。

 And then you see the kind of stuff that they start to do。 right， It's kind of funny and。😊，Allright。

 so what I found interesting was I'd be with my friends。 had say that I even had one friend， your。

 your' wing man。 All right， and I'm with my one friend。😊，Were together。

 I would notice that if I would break off from my buddy， as soon as I would break off。

 I could actually feel like a thermometer， my state going down and kind of like， where's my buddy。

 it's like， it's like， oh， there's a girl right there， where's my buddy Yeah，'。

 where's my buddy Yeah， You know， just go see where he's that， Oh， hey， we'll go talk to them。 Okay。

 right， and then come back。 All right， funny how that thermometer works， Isn't it also funny。

 How when you start your night out。😊，You don't know anybody and you might be out of state。

 but as you make quote unquote alliances like right like you make friends within the environment and you know a few people in the environment。

 what starts to happen。😡，Boom， right， You start to hit state。 I remember once I was at the W hotel。

 and I used to know the manager。 I was used to be good friends to the manager。 and that manager left。

 and I was having a horrible， horrible night。 And he came up he said， oh， On。 what's odd man。

 I haven't seen you in a long time。 And I was in the bathroom。 He goes。

 do you't need to in this bathroom。 Let's go back here。

 And he actually like let me into like the bouncers bathroom。 He goes to the best， this is On。

 you know， let him have run of the place。 It's a good friend of mine blah blah。

 And it was like all good， right， after that happened， I was like， you know， it was like boom。

 because my mind was like， look at this。 So you know， people here。 essentially。

 there is a reason for this。😊，If you're with a group of people and you have those relationships in the environment。

 again， if that rock bearing caveman， alpha male decides to descend upon you。

 you have the relationships there to back it up and again， this is why that system's in place。😡。

Simultaneously， though， I think that because again。

 we do live in an era where there's really nothing to worry about unless you're dumb ass most of the time。

 although we have these weird counter examples， but for the most part， all right。

but for the most part， you really don't need to worry about it。 Look for the most part。

 I've been out alone countless times。 Many of you guys have been out alone， countless times。

 So just don't sweat it， don't worry about it when you look these things are like rules Like these things are kind like rules that you want to move past。

 So say that you sense that you go more and state when you're dressed well。

 what do you do maybe as an experiment， you try going out not that well and you just go with the flow。

 just allow yourself to have get those reference experiences to see that you can pull it off And hell。

 if it doesn't work the first night Try another night。 Well， likewise， try going out alone， right。

 try going out on your own， try going out or try with the buddy and， hey。

 I'm gonna split off from you for a bit。 know hey you just this venue。

 I'm gonna go in this venue for a bit。 I mean， look this isn't like a way maybe you're gonna live your life in the next 10 years from now。

 But when you're new at this stuff。 or not even even intermediate and you just think you're a big shot。

 if you can't do this yet， try breaking from your buddies and just letting that confidence come from within and not。

him to be there。 All right， But isn't it funny how your night builds， right。

 The night just builds as you meet more girls， more guys， more interactions， it builds up。

So that's another one。 That's an interesting one。Next on the list。Competncies。

This here is what the community has been about。For such a long time， guys。Competies。

 the entire community， in many ways， has been founded。On this one little。

Criterion on the thermometer。Allright， so as a lead in。

Have you ever seen a guy who's out at a club who has a guitar with him。Ever seen that。Right。

 you've seen that， what happens'？Right ever seen someone doing magic， for example， right。

 you know what I'm saying， it's crazy， right， and the club is crazy。 It is awesome。

How about the guy who has access to the cool party。Right， like the promoter， for example， you know。

 or the guy who's the bartender， right， you got， right， know I'm talking about。 Yeah Yeah， Okay。

 so you've got that access。 And again， you know how we talked about staing。 like。

 you know that you can provide the good emotions。You go， well， you're like， look。

 I can provide the good emotions。I've got access to this party or， you know。

 maybe maybe you're the DJ and you're playing the music or you're the host of the party。 You know。

 some kind of competency。Basically， something that allows you to feel， is's like that magic penny。

 maybe even if it's a real magic penny that allows you to feel like you are the source of good emotions。

Will really think about how this applies to the concept of pick lines。Really。

 really go deeply into this with yourself。When you have a great pickup line， look。

 say that you come to a pick seminar and we look around this pickup seminar and your brain goes like this。

 Remember how we talked about how。Pacing and leading and creating authority。

 Take this very seminar as an example。 We've got a big group of people here， right。

 Nice big group of people。Go close to a million dollars of camera equipment here。

All these people have come to hear pickup lines。So if I come here and I tell you。

 I have the best pickup line for you。Your unconscious mind， it's very easy to say that's a shit。😡。

That's a shit。But isn't it funny that there is a guru？

And student symbiotic relationship that's going on， isn't there。

 And I'm going to talk more about this。Because。For the student。

The guru telling him how to think and how to act。😡，It alleviates him。

 It unburdens him of the responsibility of thinking for himself。 But you want to know what else。

The guru needs the students。Because the guru is like， look， I must be right。

 Everyone's listening to me。If all these people are listening to me， I have to be right。

And so there's a very bizarre guru student symbiotic relationship。

 This is one of the reasons why I moved to Honolulu in South America。 and I live in small towns。

 really humble。 Stay with really humble people who who have no idea about my job or anything like that and hang out with those kinds of people。

 really， I hang out with small town folks because I felt myself getting sucked into this and needing that constant validation。

 like look at all these people to believe what I think was playing mind games with me。

 I'm not have to be like that my whole life。 but I needed to snap myself out of it。 Well。

 here's the thing。 look。 When you have a guru who tells you use this line。 It's a great line。

 Your mind says， look at this。 I have something to offer now。 I have this line。

So look at the difference。 if I say， say that I give you a line。

 say that line is who lies more men or women， for example， it' a classic community line。

So I walk up and I say， you know， I do my little thing。 who lives more， men or women， right？

When I say it， right， this is a funny one， right， like all the time they going。right，So， okay。

 it's crazy。 So， so the thing is like。Say that I do that。The way that I'm going to do it like。A。

 who lies more。 Men or women like that。 The level of confidence that I'm gonna to have is going to be so much higher。

 And I mean， really think about this。 Really think about this because the next opener I'm going to choose says a million things about you。

😊，The next one would be to go up and say， hey， my name's Owen。 Allright， like that， okay。Because。

Think of the value that you believe in in yourself。When you say my name is Owen， right。

 like as in or whatever your name is obviously， because you're like， my name's Owen opener。

 its the shit， right you know。So right， but think about what that really says about you。

Because you'll see guys who try an opener and it works， and it works great。 And。

 and then they'll try just introducing themselves and they， oh， I tried that。

I tried introducing myself。 It doesn't work， right。

 Add to that that you now have like a complex belief because you know how when you look。

 science is a funny thing， empirical science is a funny thing because when you get a result。

 you then look for reasons for that result and create a model around it， right。

 So if your model is like it doesn't work because it's too generic。😡。

And that does kind of make sense， right， I mean， there's evolutionary proof that being generic is unattractive。

 So it's like， look， I walked up， I introduced myself。 It's too generic。 It didn't spark attraction。

 Well， guess what， guys。 You guys know， Tim， guess what his favorite opener is。😊，Hello。

 my name is Tim。And that's his opener。 And I remember when he came back from Europe。

He was on his own。 And I'm going to talk about why this happened and how you can make it happen for yourself。

 He had come back from Europe。And he was like。 you know， I don't。

 I don't really use pickup up lines anymore mate。 I just said， hey， I'm Tim。 So I said， okay。

 let's go out and see this。 I took him out in my hometown of Canada and he was like a changed man。

 He would just walk up， hello， my name is Tim， and it was like make out， make out， make out。

 make out。 It was crazy， right， It was like， and he was like the rock star of the club。

 and he was doing nothing。 I couldn't believe it。 And I test。 I wanted to test it。I said， Tim。

 we're going to find。The most attractive woman in this club。 All right， we're going to see if this。

 hey， my name's Tim thing is going to work。 So I found the most gorgeous girl in the club。 All right。

 and she is with this huge hulking football player boyfriend。 So little Tim walks up。😊，Okay。

 how old is Tim at this point，21 or something， Okay， walks up。It's a young man， right walks up。

 hello onm Tim。 She's like， oh hi， and then turns back to the boyfriend。 So I go shit。

 I guess obviously， you know， it can work on some girls， but maybe not on the tens。

 maybe it doesn't work。 I was like fuck， man， who knows， we'll try another one later。

 I don't even think twice about this。 So you go back we're talking to these other girls。 suddenlyly。

 Tim gets a poke on a shoulder。 And it's the girl。 and she's like， so sorry。

 I just had to get rid of my boyfriend。 I really want to meet。

 what's your name boom back in All right， it was incredible。

 And Tim Tim is a guy like it was interesting because when we started to move towards the blueprint style material。

 right， What happened was there was a shift within the company in the sense that when we were using a lot of tactics and techniques。

 clearly I probably had the best skill set of anyone within the company because I means just the simple reason I went out the most。

 and I'd been in at the longest， I know if most guys have gone out 600 in a row。

 I' got out like 1000。 But when we switched over to becoming natural。

 a lot of guys in the company shot really far ahead of me。 I was like。😊。

Blown away by what a lot of my， lot of my buddies could do。

 And that's one of the reasons why I have instructors so I， you know， I can learn off of them， right。

 And Tim was the guy who。Just， you know， he really， like， when I watched Tim， what was interesting。

 a lot of people have said of Tim。 has anyone here ever taken a boot camp with Tim。

 I know we're North America。Yeah， that's a shame。 If we're in Australia。

 so many people would have a lot of people will say of Tim that that is what the game should be。

 That is what the game should look like。 A lot of people will say that about him。 And that's because。

He he's just so natural， so smooth and so utterly consistent。

 Just why let's bring this full circle because when he goes up， hey， I'm Tim。Boom。

 it's just complete belief。 Whereas most guys， they can go， hey， who lies more men or women。

 And all the right communication is there。 But when they're going up and introducing themselves。

 the communication is different。 All right， that's not necessarily to say that going up and introducing yourself is necessarily the superior opener。

 Do I think that going up and introducing yourself as the best opener。

 I think there's lots of better openers than that。 I think there's lots of great ways to open other than that。

😊，But I'll tell you this。If you can't open doing that。😡，That says a lot， doesn't it？

Becauseuse for fucks sakes， guys， it's just a girl， right， If you cannot get a set open。

 if you can't get the girl open and attracted by going up and introducing yourself， like。

 maybe it's not your favorite opener。 I'm not saying that you should shift to this opener。

 but I'm just saying if you can't do it。😡，There's work to be done。 Allright。

 And when I saw Tim do that， I was like， that is what I want。 I said， I want that。

 not only because all the media that's being put on all this pickup stuff。How are you gonna。

 It's like watch， It's like in Cos magazine， Watch out for any guy that introduced himself， right。

 He might have read the game， You know， like it just， you know， it doesn't make sense， right？

 So the thing is。It's just completely beyond that。 but there's a deeper level。

 And I'm going to talk about this later， which Tim had reached a level where it was within his reality of the idea that women can like me just for me。

Because some guys， it's not in the reality that women could like them just for them。

 So when they walk up， they need that line to be there， right， that competency， like women like me。

 because I have access to a cool party。 Women like me because I have a guitar with me。

 Women like me because I have these funny lines that my guru told me are really good。

 and everyone else believes it。 so must be true。But really， your confidence。Like your state。

 that state thermometer。 It should really be like， it's about me。 Allright， so that's where compete。

 that's where competencies is。 And this little glitch here。

Has been the basis of the community for the dating success and underground dating community。

 successcc with women community for over a decade。Because everything from neurolinguistic programming to different techniques and all sorts of stuff like that。

 guys have been getting results of them。 And one of the reasons why they've worked to get a great result is because。

When you give a guy the magic penny。Zoom， right。im immediatete results。 What's that， Tim is。 Well。

 I'm gonna talk about why how Tim got that way。 briefly。 Okay。

 and it's very interesting how he did it。 And it can be done by anybody。 I really believe that。

 So look。That's competencies。 So okay。First ones we've gone through， superficial social standards。

 alliances。 now we talked about competencies， let's go to the next one。😡，Roole plays。And by the way。

 do you guys notice how？Have you guys ever heard of I ran out of things to say syndrome， right。

 I ran out of things to say。You can't run out of things to say。If you've lived several decades。

 you have several decades worth of things and observations that you can bring to the table。

 The thing is， though。It's this， right， and。That's one of the reasons why I moved in this direction was because no guy who comes on a boot camp with me is gonna be permitted to run out of things to say。

 You know， that to me， that's so important。 I can't have a guy that has the first 10 minutes down and whatever that sucks。

 So that's my goal。 Now， look， do you want to know why that is， by the way。

 Remember how I said that boot camp or any R C program is about being the sexworth guy about closing。

Right， the way that I like my， my criteria for success in a guy is not， can he make a girl giggle。

 is's like， it's the closed factor。 Allright， And obviously， some guys， you know。

 can be brought all the way there on the weekend。 Some guys will it will take， you know。

 six months or a year after they take a program depending on where they're at。

 But I always want that to be your criteria for success。

 Like I always want you guys to be coming from a position of like， let's get this handled。 You know。

 let's get this handled all the way。 Now， look。The next one being role plays。

 And all three of these ones， I found to be incredibly fascinating。

 All three of them like the idea that your clothes or something like that could affect your state。

 The idea that who you have around you affect your state。

 The idea that when you have like that magic penny， you know。

 whether it's the pickup line or or the access or the guitar or whatever it is that that puts you in state。

 But this last one， role plays。😊，Rocks my world。 Let me tell you。

 it rocks my fucking world When I see how this one works。 It just blows me away。😡。

So let me talk to you guys。There will inevitably be some pickup instructors。😡，Who will。

 at some point watch this program。 And this is going be of particular interest to them because one of the most common things that you hear about in guys that teach pickup。

Is a lot of guys will say， you know， it's funny ever since I've been teaching pickup。I do really。

 really well when the guys are around， but when I'm on my own， I can't do it anymore。It's so funny。

 It's almost like all the dates that I go on are the girls that I met during the program。

 and I never meet girls outside of program anymore。 And you see that a lot。

 And it's this incredibly common thing。 And I experienced it myself。 Here's why。

 remember how I said that your mind is always pinging to find out what your reality is。😊。

When you've got a group of guys。Sitting there in a semicircle around you with glazed over eyes。

Of course， you're going feel like a champion。Your mind says， look at me， look at this。

 Let me ask you guys a question， have you ever been out with somebody？

Who had better skills with women than you。 And not only did you not match up to him， But your。

 but your game just went way down。Right， it's a lot of nodding here。

 And that's because you're constantly looking at him， right， you're not playing。

 I always say to people， play your own game， man。 Like whenever I'm out with someone， I say。

 play your own game， Don't be looking at what I'm doing all the time。

 Play your own game because I used to do that。 A lot of mild mentors have incredible skills。

 like awesome and。😊，I would go out I would work on my skills and stuff like that， get really good。

 and I'd see them and then I couldn't be the same way that I was。

 I would always second guess like all the things that I used to say that I thought were cool。

 but then Id look at what they're saying。 It it just sounds so much cooler。

 And it's almost like you just want to give them the right of way。You know what I'm saying， right。

 Like， just let them， just damn。 Just let him do his thing， you know。

 because you feel like you can't match up。 like， you feel like you cannot match up to the social energy。

 You can't match up to the value that that guy's offering。😡，So role plays is just fascinating。

 because。Say that you're teaching somebody right， I mean。

 what is a better way to get good at this stuff than find a guy even more chody than you and bss him around for the night and teach him。

😡，Right a lot of guys get addicted to it and we call them the layers right which is like the underground groups where guys like kind like meet up in different cities and there's always like those couple guys in the layers they're not really super skilled。

 but they will still like kind like boss people around like show them around and stuff like that because they're getting stayed out of it and they're feeling it。

 but you know what that's not a bad thing at all because it helps the people that they're teaching and it helps themselves it's actually a very positive thing。

But it is kind of funny。 like， it's just like it's just kind of funny to look and go， oh。

 that's interesting。 Now， look， with role plays， we all sort of have a concept of like the different roles that are out there。

 The universal rules， Some of the universal roles could be like leaders， you know。

 followers and all sorts of roles in betweens。 Allright。

 And these roles have different characteristics。😊，You know。

 different characteristics of who you think people expect you to be。So look。

 maybe you take on the more dominant role when you're at work and when you're teaching。

 But when you're with a girl， you can't do it， right， you're out at a club。

 your buddy's not as good as you。 So you dominate you're like， here， man， come on， do this here。

 what here， Just don't worry， man， watch this， I can do this。 boom。

 But then when you're with someone who's better than you， It's kind of like like that。

 But it even goes deeper， It even goes deeper than that。Look。Rolls are constantly being exchanged。

 right？So say that you've got two guys that are competing for the same girl。😡。

What's really fascinating is that as those guys kind of verbally spa a little bit or get the girl's attention。

What they'll do。Is they will tool each other out into the beta role。😡，So essentially。

 what they'll do where here， I'll use this at first， what they'll do。For example。

Say that a guy is used to be the judge。Right， like， say， okay。

 say that you're used to being the judge。 You're used to being the judge in the situation。

 And those are some of the characteristics that you have as a leader in that role。 And then suddenly。

 a guy says to you， you know， like the old classic 1。

 I think it's kind of played up at whatever's like saying， oh， you're cool， man。 So the guy says。

 dude， you're cool。 You're cool， right。 So what he's doing now is he's taking on the role of the judge。

 And what he's trying to do is he's trying to take your state and go boom and sink it。

 So what might happen is that。😊，You're being like a really cool guy in front of the girl。

 Like you're being you know， you got you're accessing that high value imprint， you know。

 your pimp personality， whatever you want to call it。 And you're doing really well。

 But when he starts taking on the characteristics of the role stronger than you。

 and he has more certainty of those characteristics than you do。😊。

What suddenly happens is your mind sinks back into that old imprint。

It goes back down into the old imprint。 guys。 It goes， oh， I guess I'm the Chode now。

 And then you start taking on the Chody behaviors。 And then he's all now talking to the girl。

 they're having fun and you're like， oh， yeah， like trying to pipe in and it's not hitting。

 And it's not。 And then you just that's called blowing yourself out。 right You're blown out。

 So essentially， this stuff is happening all the time。 you see comedians doing it。

 There was a great clip of Jamie Fox on YouTube that I saw linked to it off R C nationation。

 You guys read R C nationation。 Yeah， Www to R C nationation dot com。 It's our form。

 we really work hard to make it awesome。 Anyone can go on it。 Now， look。😊，There was a link to this。

 and Jamie Fox had this comedian that came up to the front。 It was for a roast。

 and Jamie Fox started saying to the guy as the guy was talking， Jamie Fox starts going， he's like。

 this is your conscience。Am I fucking up right now？Did he get hot in here all of a sudden。Oh man。

 these girls are like， who is this motherfucker？And as he talks， he's like， you see。

 he's like And now he's starting to sweat， right， he， he's losing access to that imprint。

 And Jimmy Fox like， right。 And then the guy tries to throw tries to throw a jab back at him。

 and he goes， I wish I had a movie with Jamie。😊，He's so cool。

And the guy just like gets shut down even more。 And then to just demolish him。 the worst part。

 just Fox demolishes him at this point ruthlessly。 He， He tries to talk And whatever he says。

 Jamie Fox talks over it。 So he's like， I。 And he's like， who， He' like， he's like， oh I think。

 I think do。 like Dan like， he's like， like Danny just he's like。But then Jamie just gets up。

 he's like， O， man， you can sit down。 great job。 man， just gets rid of him gone。 Allright。

 And so what Jamie basically did there。😊，And man， I would not want to get in a verbal sping match with guy like Jamie Fox。

 I mean， actually， I would love to because it' just be awesome to get demolished by that guy。

 But you know， But the point is。😊，You know， it was cool because what you can see the trading of rules。

 All right and how guys will when they're out mix each other down to make them sort of switch up the rules。

 They do that also by remember we talked about R reicular activation system。 Well。

 another way that guys in a nightclub will commonly tool each other out is like if you're talking to the girl。

 And then the guy tries to talk you make like you can't hear it So essentially you're making it as if he is not he does not have enough value to enter into your RA system。

 So he's being tuned out。 And then when the girl sees that。

 she's seen the subcommunication that you're not reacting to him and it lowers his value。

 and guys do this all the time。 right I was talking to Dan here who's been in this for a long time。

 And he was mentioning that he's like， you know， it's funny because I'm at a point now where when guys get intrusive。

 I actually don't hear them。Like my RIS really does tune them out。

 So it's kind of funny how you start off right you start off by taking on the characteristic。

 but then as your sense of identity change， we call that deep identity level change as the deep identity level change starts to take root a lot of the behaviors that you were taking on become natural why。

 because we model these behaviors after people that have really made the shift。 So it's very cool。

 very fun。Anyway， look。You can even see a lot of gurus out there when we talk And this is sort of the reason I've studied the concept of gurus is because when I first started teaching boot camps。

 I never wanted to become a guru。 I just wanted to get know the resources to travel around teach boot camps。

 And suddenly I found all these weird neurotic tendencies that were arising in my own mind。

 And one of them was like， I was becoming more and more neurotic when I wasn't teaching programs。

 And it was like programs allowed me to become normal。

 Like having the big circle of people listening to me allowed me to become normal。

 And when you took that away from me。 I felt like I had all these all this other noise that was going on in my head。

 I recognized that that's why I moved out to Hawaii started spending time in nature， meditation。

 that kind of stuff just to chill out and realized， no， like that role is just a role。 right。

 something I'm going to talk about later is to recognize that a role is just a role and you don't have to identify yourself with that role。

 Someone can judge you and you don't even need to correct them。 You know they say， oh。

 you're cool man whatever right， you don't need to let。The ego structures dictate your response。

 If you don't understand that， that's fine。 We'll talk about it later。 Anyway， look。

The whole role playingk thing， absolutely fascinating。

Start paying more and more attention to when you're in certain roles， your state goes up。

 and when in certain roles your state goes down。😡，And allow yourself to become familiar with it and to still be in state。

 even when you're not in the rule that you like the most。

I that whatgrus test or she's like try to put your Oh hell yeah， Oh hell yeah， a congruence test。

 Yeah when she's like， oh， you're a jerk， blah blah。

 she's trying to get you in the role like defending yourself and stuff like that， Sure， no doubt man。

So now we're going to bring it full circle。And we're going to talk about the final criterion。😡。

All right， and that's called core value。So we talked about the first four， right， social。

 superficial social standards。Allianances， competencies and role plays， which were， you know。

 when I wrote this stuff down， guys， bear in mind， I just wrote this stuff down on my laptop one day。

 Okay， as a。24 year old kid。 It's not like this is the。All consuming categories。

 just stuff I sort of came up with in brainstorming， but ultimately。

These four categories were what I felt covered most of the ways that guys chase after state。

 So you asked a question earlier where you're asking。You know。

 can there ever be real core confidence， right， Like could there。

 could real core confidence ever exist。 And it's， of course， it's。

 it's a philosophical question And the semantic skip brought into it like， could a 10 ever exist。

 Like is there such thing as a perfect 10， right， Some guys， no， I will not give a 10。

 No girl gets a 10 because that's the perfect girl。 right， Other guy's like， no， She looks like that。

 And that's her behavior I'll give her 10。 fuck it。 you know， And， and of course， that depends。

 So could true core confidence ever exist。I don't know， you know， could it ever really exist。

 Who knows， but I'll say this。There's definitely people who have a lot more core confidence than others。

And beyond that， the reason why we teach the difference between situational confidence and core confidence。

Is to break you out of a pattern， a bad self destructive pattern that most guys are stuck in。

And that's this。Most guys spend their lives chasing circumstances， don't they。

So say you have a classic example， a club promoter in Los Angeles。 How does he spend his life， right？

 He wants to meet women。 How does he spend his life。First off， he's got the nice clothes。 hopefully。

 you know， if he's lucky， the nice situation in life。Likewise， he's got a lot of friends， right。

 He keeps a lot of friends， a lot of acquaintances， that kind of thing。Likewise。

 he puts himself in a role of authority。😡，And likewise， he has。Something of value to offer people。

 which is access to nightCclub。 So that's just a club promote is a classic example。 By the way。

 I think being club promoter is a great job to take on if you're more interested in know being around women and stuff like that because you're incorporating your work into your your new endeavor of success with women。

 But regardless， just take that as a classic example。😊，Well， that be an extreme example。

 But all guys do it to a certain extent。 We're chasing after those circumstances。

That allow us to feel state。And that's fine。 Allright， It's fine to chase those circumstances。

 And right action dictates that we should chase those types of circumstances。😊，To an extent。

 not chase， but， you know， align the circumstances of our lives in a way that we enjoy。

But I' going give you， I'm going to switch it up on you。

I'm going switch it up because I'm going give you an understanding that most people lack。

 And that's this。The cause and effect relationship。With these things is skewed。

Most guys are missing what causes what， right， like you know the chicken or the egg dilemma。

 what causes what？😡，Because let me ask you this。Take great clothes。How about the rap group outcast？

 Anyone know them。Right， pretty stylish，hu。He's got the big， weird like Looneney Tus hat。

The giant circus man pants。But Andre 3000， that guy's got style。 He does because he makes it cool。

 In fact， him dressing like that makes him cooler。 Why。

 Because that guy has the level of charisma required to make those clothes cool。In fact。

 most styles that are out there today。 if you really stop and think about it。

 were dictated by individuals who had enough belief in themselves to dictate the styles。 didn't。

 wasn't it， Think about it。 Where do the styles come from， Some of them are classical。

 Some of them come from back in the day， Like could say。

 blue jeans or something back in the early 1900s or something like that。 But look， most styles。

Are dictated by charismatic individuals。 You've got a whole nation of white kids。

The dress like hip hop， right， Why is that。Because the people from the inner city who were part of hip hop。

 even though they didn't have a lot of resources， said we may not have resources。

 but we got fucking style， man， fucking cool。 And they started exhibiting that。

 And they started to dictate the style。 It's amazing。 It is awesome。😊。

And so when you think about your clothes， rather than trying to get the perfect clothes。

What if you said I'm going make these clothes cool。

 What if you said I'm going to own whatever I'm wearing， right， because take the word nerd。 Guy。

 take the word nerd。There's two types of nerds aren't there。

 There's a nerd who's like a nerd like the clt。 like， he's a nerd。

 But then you've got guys like weezer or something like that who are like nerd chic。Right。

 like nerd cool， you know， they can dress like like my buddy old guy。 my best friend in Hawaii。

 He's like nerd chic。 right， Like he dresses like a nerd。 He's a full nerd。 He's。

 he's a computer programmer。 He's a nerd， but he's like nerd chic right， Like he can like he can。

 He pulls it off。 He makes it cool， likewise。😊，Anything that you have， you can make cool。 So really。

 living up to other， remember， we talked about reacting to other people's standards。

I think it's so much cool to have your own standards and make people react to your standard。😊。

How about alliances。Most people， they're looking for those alliances within a venue or wherever they are。

 They you know， friends， relationships。 And they think when I have friends or when I have relationships。

I'm going to feel confident。Right， you go into the nightclub and you're like， look。

 I'm going try and like make some friends in here so I can start to feel confident。

Why don't we flip up the cause and effect？😡，If you're confident。

Relationships are gonna come into your life， naturally。

Core confidence is what brings the relationships to you。 How about。Competies。

Having something that people like。Well， when you're a confident guy and you're speaking authentically。

Again， we're flipping up the cause and effect here。 You have something that people want。

 And the last one， role plays。 What better example could we find。

Being put in a position of authority， people chase that position of authority because they want to get。

 they want to feel good。 They want to feel good by being an authority。 When you already feel good。

 people will want you to be in authority。 They will put you in positions of authority。 So that。

 to me， what we core confidence。😊，Comes from。 There's a lot of different layers， but the first layer。

Is the flipping of cause and effects？😡，And let me tell you。You can live this。

You can really live this like， look， you can stop chasing all these circumstances。

 But it starts today。 All right， I first wrote about core confidence in 2004。

And I just realized that， that it existed。You know， when I broke it down。

 that's when I first wrote about it。 When I first wrote about it。

 did I immediately have core confidence。No way， right， Of course not。You've got it。

 but we're trying to plant a seed here， guys。 Okay， we're planting the seed。

 So you guys who maybe look at this now and go， that couldn't be me。

 I couldn't picture that being me。Well， if you don't plant the seed。Nothing is going to happen。

 You're going to continue on the way you've been going， right， There's that old expression。

 If you keep doing what you've always done， you'll keep getting the results you've always gotten。

 I believe it's an N LP expression。 Now， look。Let's plant these seeds。A lot of people live like this。

😡，A great example will be Jeffy。Jeffy makes his own styles。 You know what I'm saying？

That's what you really want to think about。 Don't be the person who reacts to trends and tries to chase the trends。

Be the guy who creates it。 Don't be the unthinking masses。 Remember。

 we said a key theme of this seminar。key theme of the seminar。 Okay， don't worry。 Let all questions。

 key theme of the seminar was。Most people walk through life in a walking days， right。

 Most people walk through life in a trance。 So they see they're just reacting to their emotions because remember how we said living in reaction。

 It means like there's a number of different things that living in reaction means one is not knowing who you are not knowing what you value another one is not knowing how your emotions work。

 If you don't know why your emotions are doing this to you。

 you're probably gonna live in reaction because you're gonna think it's all real。

 It's like it's so real right when you don't know how your old outdated emotional system works。

 It's like everything feels so real。 And it's it's hard to be like know kind of like the old man washing from the mountaintop。

 It's hard to be like that chill guy just kind watching it play out watching the drama play from the mountaintop when you feel so immersed in it when your perspective is so close in your face。

 right Is't that what meditation does for who's ever done it。 when you meditate and just very simply。

 you just allow yourself to sit and just do nothing。 Just stare at the wall， for example。

 and just sit there And it's almost like your perspective。 The best way I could put。Is it dilates。

 right， it goes like that。You stop being concerned with the little me， you know。

 and all your little problems。 And you think more globally。 And suddenly。

 your problems don't impact you as much。 Well， likewise。We want to get you guys。

Planting the seeds that will cause that kind of thinking。 So， look。What else about core confidence？

And core value。All right， think about it within terms of reacting。

Most people are looking for the social feedback of people reacting to them。When in reality。

 in order to think about that， most people are looking to make people- remember we talked about it yesterday in the context of who's reacting to who。

😡，Most people need to get people reacting to them before they can feel confident。

 but they don't realize the cause and effect is when you feel confident people react to you。

 All right， That's the sort of final way I wrap that， but look。对。我3。Button pushing， of course， yeah。

 we're going to talk about that too。So。Core confidence from a sort of。

 you know the way I've kind of laid it out my notes。😡。

Cre confidence comes from an unshakable conviction of who you are and what you're entitled to。

It's a confidence that allows you to take on a charismatic attitude。

The type of charismatic attitude that gets people are reacting to you。

 regardless of the situation that you're in。 And some examples of that are like。

 just to go even a bit deeper， and just to sort of throw these by。

You identify yourself as an individual who can't be categorized。

With the dynamic and flexible identity that could evolve at any time that you choose。

 remember we spoke about that。😡，You know what you've been through in life and trust yourself to get by in any situation no matter what。

😡，You， and here's another big one。 Really big。 You value your own opinion of yourself more highly than the opinions of others。

 And you determine your own value by a criteria that is your own。Next， sure。

You identify yourself as an individual who can't be categorized with a dynamic and flexible identity that you could evolve at any time that you choose。

 And look， these are just concepts I want to run by you。 You know， I mean。

 just kind of let percolate in your head。 You know， it's not so much a point of， you know。

 meditating on them or anything like that。 It's just sort of concepts I want to run by you。 But look。

You know that your acceptance in any particular situation is never a threat to your overall well beinging。

And here's a net。 And this one， this has been one， this next one that for me。

 I've really tried to install on myself。 I feel it's been really important。

 especially when you become addicted to external validation。

 isn't that the problem of getting so much when you get external validation so easily that you become addicted to it and that's。

😡，You know what your best qualities are and that even if people don't see them or acknowledge them。

 you know very well that they exist。Like， you don't need other people to validate that your best qualities exist。

 Your， your state will not go down， right， Like， oh。

 these people didn't see my best qualities as if you no longer have them。 Give me a break， right。

 But yet we all do it。It's kind of move past it。😊，You know that you offer real value to people and if they don't see it。

 is their issue， not yours。😡，And lastly， you believe that your life。

Perspective and energy have an inherent value， whether other people acknowledge it or not。Now， look。

 real core confidence。You know， it's something that you have to dig very deep inside yourself to find that。

 right， I mean。And it's a habit that comes from on one level understanding what it is。

 like having that shift in perspective where you actually， you know。

 we've laid out what it is intellectually。But then， to actually internalize it。A lot of the time。

 you have to dig very deep within yourself， you know， over the years to really become rooted in that。

 almost like。You know， like a tree。Like we plant the seed right now， right？

And we've just kind of put the seed here today。 You know。

 when anyone watching at home watching this DVD said。You know， putting in the seat you know。

 putting in。The seed and just sort of letting the roots slowly start to come down， right。

 letting the sort of， you know， the real core comms kind of blossom， right， you know。

 start to come out。 And as it comes out more and more， you'll gather。

More and more reference experiences for why core confidence really works。

And as you gather more reference experience。Your mind begins to accept that this is the truth。😡。

And so really， you know， it can start to really blossom and。You know。

 I guess one of the reasons why I love teaching this is that。If you can plant the seed， and just。

Not be hard on yourself， like not， not be hard on yourself， like， oh。

 I told myself I'd have core confidence when I listen the seminar or whatever， but just sort of。

 you know just put the seat there， keep moving towards it， not beat yourself up over it。You know。

 inevitably， you'll probably beat yourself up a little bit。 but just moderate it。

 You know what I'm saying， the possibilities that this opens up for you in life。In terms of。

 you know， the places that you can go， know， the fun that you can have in different environments and the way that you feel about yourself is just awesome。

 Allright， It is just awesome and。😊，We talked a little bit about Tim as being an example and how Tim。

 when he came back from Europe。Really had。A new level of core confidence that he had internalized。

And we think， where did that come from？ Well， look at what Tim went through when he was teaching boot camps in Europe。

He's living in Europe。He's living in London with Aussie。 him and Aussie were living together。

 And Tim would do the special events， which means he would fly from city to city。

 So maybe one weekend， he's in Denmark。 another weekend， he's Ampssterdam。 another weekend， he's in。

😊，Copenhagen or something， right， Dublin， all these various different places。

And he's going into a foreign environment where he doesn't know anybody。

He doesn't even speak necessarily the first language of the country。

 even though English is pretty well spoken。He's going into a nightclub where he doesn't know anybody。

😡，And what does that do to you， because when you have everything the way that you want it？Like。

 say that you go to the same nightclub， right， And you know people there。

 It's so easy to feel comfortable， isn't it。And I'm not saying that you shouldn't do that。 I mean， I。

 you know， I love going to places where， you know， where I know people。 I mean， it's incredibly fun。

 It's awesome。 It's， it's a different type of thing。 But there's a sort of glory， right。

 like a true glory。😊，In traveling and in exposing yourself to all these different environments and learning to almost。

You know how we say planting like， you know， let the roots take hold？😡，Well， think of it like。

Most people's roots would be growing into， like。Their environment。Their friends。Theirs status。

And this is where the psychological pathways are going， where that raw， like that really like strong。

 unshakable confidence is coming from。 But to me。I almost think that， like。You know。

 if this is like the world that you live in。😡，You it's like。It's almost like the roots。Just kind of。

Hover， right？And。They just kind of stay like， if this is you。They just what most people have is like。

 say that this is， okay， is I've never done this example， But here's the best way I could put it。

 Say that this is you， right， and everything beyond this is your environment。

I feel thestructive genius coming on。Look， what most people do is they go。Like that， right？

That's what most people looks like， environment， friends。Status like that。

 That's what most people have， right。 So this year。It's kind of empty， you know， right？

But what a guy with real core confidence has is almost like this。😡，Right。

 and he doesn't need it to extend beyond those boundaries。 if that makes any sense。 All right。

 he doesn't need the roots that he has in terms of his confidence， right。

 his rootedness in his own being。 does not need to extend past here。 And that's what happens to you。

 And that's what happened to him。 And that's what happened to a lot of guys that I've known who have traveled。

 I see a lot of guys。 It's almost like the pickup artist pilgrimage。All right， Can I coin that。

 Can I have that one， right， I love that。 I'm a real believer in it。 The pickup artist pilgrimage。

 my friend Magnus did it。😊，A lot of guys that I know who have said， you know what。

 Like it's this kind of weird pilgrimage that guys in the community will do where they say。

 I'm just gonna travel。 I'm gonna go and just go out to nightclubs and travel and meet girls and do this whole success with women thing in different environments。

 And you see them。 they come back from it。Rooted， just rooted in themselves because they've gone into these different environments and they have really been forced to root their confidence in themselves。

 That is core confidence。 All right， that's what I'm getting at here。

 So can true core confidence ever exist like a true 10 out of 10 core confidence。Hard to say。

 Depends on your semantics。 Depends on your definition。But I really do think that as you age。

 core confidence is a goal， an ideal that you shoot towards and that you get closer and closer to hitting because in many ways。

 we could say that our ideals are just that， aren't they。Aren't they just that？Our ideals are ideals。

It's just something to shoot at， right， perfection。

Is an ideal that we shoot at And having a concept of what perfection looks like gives us something to point at and to take shots at。

 But， you know， an ideal is just an ideal。 It's not meant to be taken necessarily that seriously。

 right， Good enough is good enough， isn't it。Good enough is good enough。

So even if you don't have perfect core confidence。Good enough is good enough。

And that's what I have to say about that。 So look。We've kind of come up。

 we've kind of looked at identity here。Right， this is going make a great video chat， by the way。

 Okay， nice。😊，嗯。I guess what I've said here is we think about identity， right？

And most people self seek。In things like， you know， like I said， the clothes， the status。

 the environment。That kind of thing。But when you can begin to self seek from a place within， right。

 in some of the ways that I mentioned。You know， like knowing that you can get by no matter what to me。

 that is the ideal of core confidence。 And that is what what we're moving towards。 Okay。

 when you have that sense of identity where you say， I know who I am， I know who I am。 I am not。

 Remember， guys， It's all about Tyler Jordan。 You are not your。You are not your fucking khakis。

 You are not the contents of your wallet。 You know， you are not the car you drive。 All right。😡。

You are the all singing， all singing crap of the universe。 Allright。

 and there's a lot of depth there。 That's， that's why that that movie。

 And later the book exploded my mind when I first saw that at a young age， so。😊，Basically。

 that's the goal I want to movie Gu Awards is that sense of identity of knowing who you are。

That comes from within yourself。You guys see that？How do you feel。If when I let that go。

It just started floating up。You guys want to see that。No， I can't do that。When you drop something。

You have an anticipated response， right， like hold rock， drop the rock， it falls in the ground。

It's nice。Because you can predict it。Now， look。What would happen if。Say， for example。

 you dropped it and it floated up。呃。Why would that be bad。

 Why would it be bad if you dropped a rock and it floated up， I mean。

 what happens when you drop a feather， you let go a feather and's in the wind。It floats up。

 is it disastrous？Seems okay， right？ It's fine。 But you see， if you were to drop a。

Rock or a marker and started floating up， that would be messing with your concept of reality。😡。

All right， because we all have a concept of reality。

 You'll notice that the title of this section is called Confing Realities。

Let's say that you're walking，'re walking along and you bump into a patio door。

 Anyone ever done that， Anyone ever been walking down instead set of stairs。

 you start walking down and you and you hit and the end of the stairs is too early。Right， so you go。

 you go boom， you go， whoa， sorry， or maybe there's a step missing。 How about that one。

 even more fun， right。Sure， so it's interesting when it breaks your reality。 All right。

 when your reality is being messed with， So what is your reality， your sense of reality， Well。

 basically， your sense of reality is what allows you to make predictions about the world。😡，All right。

 you have a model of the world inside your head about all the different cause and effect relationships。

😡，It's your map of how the world works。It is the sum total of all the cause and effect relationships that you've learned over the course of your life that allow you to predict the world。

 cause and effect relationships， may something that you've got firsthand or it might be secondhand。

 You guys remember that firsthand， secondhand sense of reality。

 So it might be hypothetical or might be firsthand， but it includes your view of how the world works。

 your view of what people are like and how they should respond to you and your view of what you deserve。

Out of life。Allright， so。When you think about that。

 like you have a certain reality of how people should treat you。

 you have a certain reality of what the world is like I want you guys to keep that in mind and think about what a successful guy。

 what his model of reality is like， versus what a guy who is not successful and what his model of reality is like everything from the abundance compared to the scarcity mindsets。

 whether or not people are trustworthy， whether or not people are friendly。

 you know everyone in the world's your friend versus people are by nature mean spirit and not trustworthy and the different ends of continuum right。

 just consider that， hold that in the back of your mind for a little bit。😡，Now。

There's an old expression that you guys might have heard， and I want you to keep it in mind。

I don't totally believe in this expression， by the way， but it's an old expression I like it。

 So I wanted to run it by you。 It's called whoever has the strongest reality wins。

You guys ever heard that one？Whoever has the strongest reality？Wins。

And what that basically means is that whoever has the more dominant sense of reality will tend to impose that sense of reality onto the other people around them。

😡，That's what it means， whoever has the strongest reality wins。Essentially。

 whoever has the stronger beliefs about who they are and how people should treat them， all right。

 if you have the strongest belief about who you are。

 which includes remember when we talked about identity，😡。

You have that belief about where you stand on the totem pole。

 whoever has a stronger belief about where they stand on the totem pole and how people should treat them will suck people into that reality。

 and people will begin to interact with them through that context。😡。

Essentially we're really getting to the root about what success with women is all about。

 not at the novice level， not at the intermediate level， but at the really advanced level。

 I mean the guys that are the real， you know really skilled guys。

 the guys that you read about and I mean I guess what I could say is，😡。

You guys have you guys all read like boot camp testimonials at different points。

 and have you noticed that oftentimes， not always， there's different opinions。

 but oftentimes a running theme is people say how it was like mind blowing or earth shattering or it just completely。

 it mangled their reality？😡，And the reason why is that there's certain things that a guy who's really。

 really good at this nose， right， like I said kind of like that advanced pickup artistry。

 though I actually don't like the term pickup artist， but like that advanced pickup artistry and。😡。

Essentially one of the concepts that I spoke about yesterday was RAS guys remember that Re activation system knowing you know when you're in the girls's RS getting into her RA。

 blocking the obstacles out of your RAS or maybe pulling the RAS back and sort of making her kind of chase to get back in that kind of thing Well today we're sort of covering another advanced concept like that like that the really hardcore guys。

 they may not be able to articulate it， they might not be able to explain it the way might not be able to have the type of discussion that we're about to have but they intuitively get it right they're doing this and essentially that's imposing the dominant reality into social situations。

😡，Some people do it。 Some people almost have like a bubble around them。

 and everywhere that they walk， it's like reality is almost melting around them。

 and people are acting the way that they expect other people to act and so on and so forth。

 Hopefully that's in a positive way now。😡，All right， so look， when we think about the interaction。

 we think things like who is more attractive， who is trying to get the other person's approval。

 who is way of acting makes more sense。 so when the popular kid at school is smoking a joint and he passes it to the not popularopular kid and the not popularular kid has washed all those don't you drugs commercials。

😡，And he says， here， smoke this and the kid just goes。Like that， right， What's going on there。

 That's that's peer pressure。 right， That's where peer pressure takes effect is that the dominant reality is winning out。

 Remember， we talked a lot about that system， right， the system that people have called pinging。

Which looks like this。You guys remember that？The pinging。

 look at that little smiley face right there。How could you not want to be that guy， All right。

It's like the gollam， all right。Okay， so look。What's happening is the person who has the stronger reality。

 he tends to go， not always right。 And this these are kind of like we're making broad strokes here。

 but basically he tends to go more off the firsthand experience than secondhand experience。

 All right， you know， the exception to that rule would be， well。

 maybe he goes off secondhand experience， but just believes in it a lot or whatever。

 But if we want to make some generalizations here， typically。This guy here， if he's pinging a lot。

 you guys see that？😡，The guy who。Is the opposite。If this is the guy who's ping。

 and this is where he's getting his reality from。😡，The guy who's the opposite。Would be more like。

Look at this guy。 This guy's awesome。 All right， look。He doesn't really ping。It's more like he just。

Gets his own experience。 And that's it。 All right， He's not pinging the environment all the time。

 in order to determine what people think。 Now， we talked we talked yesterday about how this whole socially pinging thing and how that's very much ingrained into social conditioning。

 So social conditioning， again， because people are always pinging to form that social concept of reality。

Different people have different extents to which they're affected by the whole social p thing。

 So we talked about how most people walk through life in a walking days。 They're kind of just。

Going through live。Following trends， you know how most you want to be trendy， right。

 just kind of following trends， looking at what other people are doing。

 looking to other people to tell them how to act， how to joke around， how to be。

 That's the majority of people。 So when you understand that by having the stronger reality。

 you can pull people into your reality。 once that sort of click has gone off in your head。

And you find yourself doing it。 You'll find that you tend to rely less and less on other people's opinions and more and more on your own。

 That can be both a positive thing and a negative thing。 On one level， that can be kind of abused。

 right， You can have the kind of like little tyrant who just he's found the little glitch in the matrix。

 So he wants to be a shithead and basically just be like， look， here， I can make this guy do this。

 I can make this guy do that。 And the world is filled with people like that， isn't it， isn't it。

 right， Like the world has these little little oddities who can be little tyrants who get what they want。

 They know how to get what they want。 And they kind of they use it for evil and not good。

 right On the other hand。You know， you have people that can use that to motivate and to inspire。

 So essentially， you know， that's what's going on here。 That's also why we have a lot of。

 We've had bad leaders in the past， politically now。Where are we going with this？

Whoever has the strongest reality wins。 So let's look at what's going on between men and women。

 all right。A man has one concept of reality。 like， say a guy with a strong reality。

 And then a woman also may have a strong sense of reality。 So let's take an attractive woman。

 Allright， let's take your typical。 Why don't we call her your classic。

 you know we're in Los Angeles right now when we record this， your classic bitchy L A 10。

 as would be called。 All right， just a stereotype。 Okay。

 let's look at a stereotype and how a stereotype girl in that mindset might think。First of all。

She thinks belief number one， I'm a hot girl。 That's just obvious。 She thinks that。Number two。

 you are the next guy of the night。😡，You're the next guy the night who puts me on a pedestal。

Believe number3， you need validation from me， approval from me and sex from me。 That's the kind of。

Reality that's being imposed， number 4。I am too hard for you to get。And number five。

 but feel free to entertain me if you like。Allright， so this could be just an example。

 like a sort of a stereotype of a strong reality that some girl might have。

 And how does she try to put that reality onto you， She might say things like。

 oh are you trying to pick me up or you're a jerk or you know whatever it is， right？

 And she's putting that reality。 And everything about her is screaming that reality out of her and we'll get into that shortly。

 Now， how about a guy。What would be the inverse of that， You know。

 your stereotypical dude who manages to get a lot of girls。 First of all， number one。

 I have no shortage of options。No shortage of options here。Number two。I'm chatting you。 why。

 because remember， as as a girl， the girl can impose that reality just by frolicking around with their friends。

 right， she doesn't really have to approach anybody to impose that reality。

 The guys will come as a guy， you're the one who most often is doing the approaches。

 You're the most often person initiating things。 So as a guy， that's kind of like that conflict。

 Like， well， how do you show the stronger reality that quote unquote。

 you are the prize or whatever it is， even though I think that's kind of a win lose mindset。

 But nonetheless， how do you show that。With that， even though you're the one that's doing the approaching。

 Well， the general mindset is， look， I'm chatting you because I'm having fun。 All right。

 It's very basic。 Girl are silly。 Girl are adorable， Girl are fun to be around， and I'm chatting you。

That's it。 That's all that it really is。Next。I am totally fulfilled in everything。

 I have everything that I need。Next， you seem cool。

 and if you turn out different from the other girls， we might hang out。 And lastly。

 when I want something， I take it， but for now， I'm just chatting and having fun。All right。

 and see this is a sort of an interesting dilemma， know。

 in terms of success with women in terms of the we call the cold approach。

 So when you're approaching a girl，😡，You know， you have you know some guys would classify it。

 I think these are kind of bogus distinctions， but some guys are classifiedify it as an indirect approach and a direct approach。

 So essentially like an indirect approach might be kind of like you know you're sort of chatting her like that and you're just kind of throwing out comments。

 You just slowly ease into the conversation It's almost as if you just kind of throw out a comment because you're having fun You just sort of throw out a comment she made a comment back。

 it piqued your interest for sex So you started talking And from there。

 you know she's trying to impress you or whatever On the other hand。

And is it interesting that there is a strength in being the guy who sees what he wants。

 knows what he wants and takes what he wants。So， on another level。Just going right up。You know。

 right there， introducing yourself or whatever it is， that's also that also can be a very。

 very strong approach。 Can't it， right， Some people will say， oh， well， if you do that。

 the friends will cock block。In my opinion， the French cock luck when you showed。😡，All right。

 when you're a cool guy， the friends just let it go or the girl will say， no。

 I'm still going to talk to him。 So， look。You know， on the other hand。

 sometimes girls do try to cock block right， in which case， engage them。Be flexible。 All right。

 In fact， if you guys want to see my model of how I handle a cold approach。

 you want to how think about it。I'll show you。Here's point A。Here's point B。

What's the shortest distance between point A and point B， of course？

What if I go up to a girl straight line， and I see that， you know。

 say the friends are creating a nuisance or a distraction or whatever it is， right。

 it's more complicated than what do I do。😡，I'll go a little bit more fancy。😡，Maybe like that。

Say that I see that that's not working。 What do I do， I'll go more fancy。Like that。

 What a lot of guys do is they'll train themselves the most fancy way right off the bat。

 Don't they They're like， I want to learn this tactic and the back flip and the spin move and the roundhouse kick right away。

 know I want to learn the glowing goblin or something， know whatever。

 whatever you want to call it the Harry Potter routine。

 So the thing is a lot of guys are trying to learn this right away。 I tend to think， look。

 just go like that。 right， I just take the shorter line between point A and point B。

 I'll take it from there。 remember， I'm not caught up in my method。 right。

 I don't identify with any specific。 I'm not the RSD style pickup or anything like that。

 I don't care about that stuff。 really， I really don't。 So the thing is that I just do what works。

 I calibrate moment to moment。 If I sense that something is just not going the direction I want。

 I move into something else。 All right， I recommend that you guys do the same thing。

So when we think about the different style of approaches， what most guys do。

 and here's a classic newbie mistake is on one level。

 they might have learned some information about how to be very direct。

 like they might have learned how to be direct， and then they'll learn a bit more how to be indirect。

😡，So if you think about it， what they're doing is they're being indecisive on both levels and just shooting themselves in the foot。

😡，Because on one level， you have like a more sort of casual approach， right， like say。😡。

Say we have the girl right here。The way that a strong sort of casual approach would go is you're talking to your friends。

 right， you're having fun within the group， having a great time。 And then you just， hey， boom。

 you know， you throw something out there， throw it like a little comment， right。

 The classic opinion opener would be like。Andy， what do you think of this。Like， hey。

 do girls think the rock star David Bowie is hot？O， cool cool。You know。

 my friend has a little has a poster。 I haven't done this in years。

 I'm trying to remember my friend has a。Poster of David Bowie。 No， no， no。

 my friend's little sister has a poster of David Bowie up on her wall。And she's into it。

 even though she's only like 12 years old， is that odd？Anyway， whatever。

I do girls like like old men right， so you see what that is。

 right that's like the classic indirect approach essentially right。

 and so you're having fun with your friends， you're hooking， you're hooking is strong okay。😡，But see。

 then you've got like a more drug like， hey， I'm Owen， or hey， who are you right。

 or even like you know， I call it the pounce， I love to do that。Hi， all right。

 I do that one all the time， right， walk up in Hawaii， that's called Hang loose。

 That's the thing in Hawaii， just walk up。Okay I'll do that， you like the rocker one？

I'll do that as an opener。 It's hilarious， right， I'll do this。As an opener， anything like that okay。

 now look or just you know pull in， hey， who are you， All right， great stuff。 So look。

 what a lot of guys do is they get it in between right？ So for example。

 the one I was joking about before， you know like okay， I don't want to show too much interest。Hey。

 do girls think the rock star Davevo hot， right， Okay， It's like that half and half shit， right。

 or they'll try to be like。You know， they'll try to go， you know， really direct。

 but they're kind of like。They're kind of like。Hey， you're really beautiful， I wanted to talk to you。

Right。Okay， like that。 And it completely defeats the purpose。 Now， look。

 you can be in between as well。 All right， it's not like you must choose this or that and then be straight on。

 but you've got to ask yourself， here's the thing。 So many guys get lost in listening to the guru that they don't think for themselves what is making this work。

😡，Let me tell you something guys， any quote unquote pickup guru。

 first of all is probably no more highly educated than you and not that much smarter than you。

 they've just their only really big distinction is they've gone out more than you and have more male groupies。

😡，Okay， all right， that's it。 All right。 Okay， so look， and hence developed the massive ego and said。

 look at me。 I am a pickup guru。 All right， but basically there's no difference， All right。

 me standing up here talking about this。 I've gone out a certain amount of thoughts and programs。

 I've made distinctions。 And if I give you those distinctions， you can look at them。

 you can say great， But ultimately you look to even be able to understand what I'm saying。

 to even understand what's being communicated to you。 you have to have number one。

 the reference experience is to know what I'm talking about。 and two。

 you have to be able to ask yourself， why is this working， Like why is what he is saying working。

 right， What is the mechanics behind it that make it work。

 I think that was why I was able to make progress in this。

 I never looked at a guy who was teaching me anything as being cut from a different cloth。 All right。

 now here's the deal， I talked about this in foundations。

 The way that most people look at it is either a， the pickup guru is like the massive guru right。

 Oh all hail to pickup guru everything he says or。😊。

You guys are kind of like haters like I just do my own stuff man。

 I don't listen to anything the guys say fuck that。 I just do my own style。 So kind of like haters。

 I was never either of those。 I gave a lot of respect for the time that people put in and learn from them。

 but simultaneously I always knew that I was cut from the same cloth that I could repeat the same results just by walking the same steps Any results that you guys see from anywhere is repeatable。

 you just walked the same steps and you think to yourself what's making it work。😡。

So let's see how that applies then to the concept of a strong reality。 All right。

 you're not looking to other people to see how things work。 you decide on your own。😡。

Keep that in mind。 It's called thinking is hard。It's tiring。 It exerts time and energy。 I know。

 but you must think now。With the strong reality。So a man and a woman。

Might have this sort of unspoken dynamic。 So do you say。Hey， my name is Owen。

 and I have a very strong reality。Okay， I have。The dominant reality here。 Welcome to my world。

 All right， actually， that could be pretty tight。 All right。

 but that's because anything can work if you do it properly。 The point is， though。

 it's not something。😊，It's not spoken about generally， unless ingest in sarcasm。

It's whoever has a strong reality is not a spoken about thing， but rather it's an unspoken thing。

 and is seen by the dynamic between the two individuals。

 the different social dynamics that are going on in between yourself and the woman you're talking to and in yourself and all people。

😡。