# 24、蓝图解码 1080p超清版：07.情绪状态与突破自我限制【添加微信kc58567  赠送十大课程赠品 】

Why does your mind come up with a system that doesn't let you act above your range？Basically。

 in the interest of keeping you alive。Your mind has evolved an emotional system that gives you encouragement to access the confident part of your personality。

 the confident imprint， whenever you think you have value。

 and it gives you discouragement from accessing it when you don't。😡。

This emotional access issue is something that you still deal with today。

 even though most of the threats that it was designed to help you avoid no longer exist unless you live in a frat and get your ass kicked because you were being a dick for nagging。

😡，So， look， the name of this emotion as is commonly pledgeural is state。 All right。

 that's just straight verbatim from my notes。 So again， we have this system where it says， look。

Imagine it like this。 If you were in a tribe a long time ago， human beings are social creatures。

 So if you lived in a tribe and you got kicked out of the tribe， you're done。 All right。

 Imagine being dropped off in the middle of the forest。Right now， maybe back then。

 you'd have a bit more survival skills。 But for the most part。

 if you get kicked out into the middle of the force， you're done。

 because human beings two major assets is intelligence， like innovation。

 intelligence and the other is like social bonding， right， those are our two major strengths。

 So if you're gonna take away all the， you know， all your social links out of the equation。

 you're done。So if you get kicked out of your tribe。Does that like today。

 or is that kind of like really embarrassing and annoying what happens if you get kicked out of your tribe for the first couple million years of human evolution。

 death。So， as a result。If somebody puts a knife up in your face。😡，You feel a certain emotion， right？

 And if you get really， really humiliated， what emotion do you feel， It's a similar type of emotion。

 I wouldn I would say it's probably not quite as bad。

 But the point is it's a similar type of emotion。 So these emotions are designed to make you not step up。

 Say that you've got the alpha male guy who has the harem， right？

 He's the one who is hooking up with all the girls and getting his genes passed on。

 And then you start acting more confident， which is the way that the women are going become attracted to you。

If you don't have the value to back that up。There's a really big issue。

 And so what your mind does is evolve the system to prevent you from doing that is to make you not do that。

 There was an evolution documentary hosted by none other them Al Baldwin that I was watching and。

RightIt was cool and they showed a scene where this cave man climbs up into the tree and he shakes out a beehive and throws it on the ground and he gets stung in the process。

 but because he's the one who can throw the beehive up like he has the courage to go up and get and pull down the beehive and throw it on the ground and then these like caveman guys can like eat the honey like bh like they're getting stung to。

Come a long way right so because basically he could do that。

 he has a status within the tribe by him offering that value。

 he secures the status within the tribe so he's going to be more confident to act in the way that he wants to act essentially that's what's going on there。

So this is what we call this， we call it state。😡，We also have another word for it that we've adopted。

Anyone know what it is？That's the end。The Nimbs。Super can， yeah。Nmbs， yes。

 it's biblical means the shining ball of holy lights， which emanates from the great sat。 Okay。

 or something like that。 Did I get that right， I'm not too up to date my biblical stuff。

 What's the is that the exact definition。 the halo， Yeah。

 and Nimbs radiant light Ni you give yourself permission who are Yes， exactly。

 I thought youre like Nis is。 I'm like right now， yeah， I'm just kidding。 I'm kidding just No， yeah。

 yeah， when you give yourself permission to be who you really are great definition。

 absolutely great definition。 Yeah， So basically， with Nimbus。😊，Okay， your state。

What we say about state， state is a fancy word for confidence。 All right。

 State is a fancy word for confidence， but it's more than that。😡，Okay。

 your state is the emotional system， which looks at the situation to see whether or not you have value and gives you access to the party personality that works best。

 So let me give you guys some characteristics of being in state。1， and， and look。

 you don't if somebody of these jump out at you， you can write them down。

 but you don't necessarily need to write them down。 Okay， one， a feeling of being complete。Two。

A surge of positivity and steadiness and dominance。 Do you guys like that word surge。

I like that word。 it's like when you're really in state， it's like a surge。

Of sort of positivity and dominance and just like funness a lot of the time。嗯。Next。

 a sort of naturalness where everything clicks。I love that man， everything when you're in state。

 everything clicks， all right， next。Oh。Man， this is huge。

 A feeling that you are the source of good emotions in the environment。Think about that。

 Consider that。Whenever you're in states in the environment。

 you feel like you're the one who's a source of good emotions。😡。

Think of all the ramifications of this。 When you have the good emotions， you walk up to the girl。

 Is there approaching anxiety， How can you have approach and say， I'm the source of good emotions。 A。

 right， I'm the one offering the value。 You're the source of good emotions。

Who heres ever really experienced really having a super on night and being in state？Awesome。

 would you guys say that feeling like you are the source of good emotions is defining characteristic of that？

I love that。 And beyond that。It's a feeling of total abundance where nothing could go wrong。

 That's the other side of the coin， right， A feeling like you're the source of good emotions and a feeling like nothing could go wrong。

So when you go up to the girl， you're like， you're not thinking， oh， what's gonna go wrong， Like oh。

 is this girl gonna blow me out， that is not entering into your thought processes。

 It's not entering into the stream of thought because nothing can go wrong。

 You're coming from a position， a total abundance。 You know， when you're in state。

 even if someone was rude to you， you wouldn't take it on board It been your own fault。

 So you're just like， yeah， whatever， There's other people here， boom。

 you're coming from total abundance。 You're the source of good emotions。 you offer the value。

 All right， That's the key。😡，It's the flow where everything is clicking。How about being out of state？

😡，I would describe it like this。 It's a feeling of being incomplete。

It's a burden of being weighed down， anxious or antsy。😡，Next key is。

 it's a sort of unnaturalness where everything is off rhythm and ill times。 Okay。

 like your jokes are off rhythm， your jokes are ill times。 And lastly， and again。

 the key to being out of state here， absolutely like。😡，Okay， the key。

To being out of state is that you view other people as a source of good emotions。

It's a scarcity based mindset。Other people are the source of good emotions。

 That's like you're in the club。And how can you tell someone's out of state he's going this？

He's going， He's going like this。 Val scanning。 Yeah， he's going。Like that。

 And he feels alienated from the environment when you're out of state。

 you feel alienated from the environment， like everyone's having fun and you're not， but you know。

 you're supposed to be doing approaches。 So you're like， oh， okay。

 maybe I can maybe I've got my it's like this， right？I've got， this is what you're trying to do。Yeah。

 you're going like this。Hold this， hold this cup。 You've got your half full cup， right， Okay。

 little lesp。when you do a close up， you got your half full cup and you're going like this。

You're like。哦。う。😀ははは。😊，うんふは。😀あ。对。O。Okay，That's what that's what you're doing。 All right， Okay。

That's being out of state。😡，All right， so。You feel like other people with the source of good emotions and you're trying to get those good emotions。

 it。It's a mindset where。Other people have the value and you're worried that you might bother them。

 right， Those like that' that's the key。 It's like the big dissension one。You have the good emotions？

And you don't care。Right， the other is。You have no good emotions。And。You're self conscious。

You do care。Okay， you're self conscious。 You do care and so。

When you're approaching when you're out of state， you're like， oh， man。

 the moment's not good enough as it is。 But if these other people would like me。

 I could start to feel good。That's the defining characteristic of being out of being out of state。

 So， look， when you're in state。You have full access to the best parts of your personality。

 that good that nice imprint， that cool guy personality。

 Okay I say like I'm kind of like the cool guy personality， but that's what it is right。

 Like it's your cool guy personality。 you have access to that。 You have access to。

 you know when they say be yourself。Well， really， what it is。

 if you think about it is be your best self。 That's really what it is， right。

 They're not telling you， be this Lamo， needy guy， right， be yourself。

 but they're saying be your best self。 So you basically have access to your best self to that best side of your personality。

Your mind quiets。 You're in the moment and you're totally outside of your head。 Allright。

 your mind quiets down。 all this bullshit self dialogue。It just quiets down。

You're in the moment and you're outside of your head。It's it's the feeling that guys live for。

 you know， It's the feeling that guys fucking live for。 And that's also why， you know， going out and。

Being successful with women。It becomes such an addiction because it can be a gateway or a portal to getting in state and become this massive addiction because of that。

You know， your mind is quiet in the moment and everything that you do just works。

 What that means is like， like when you're really in state， like when， when the Nimbs is raging。

You could see a girl and you can like， hey， right， walk up。

 pick her up over your shoulder and just start like jumping， you know， and that's your opener， right。

 you know， you can see her hey， come here， who are you， right， And that's your opener。 And that's it。

 And that's all that you need。 You don't even really need to do anything because the state is handling it。

 right， Like when you're really in state， the level of quote unquote。

 game that you have to use is almost nonexistent。 You could just be like，y， what's up。

 But because you're in state。 It's like， okay， you know how I could put it to you。😊。

If you think of like the imprint of a cool guy。Let's say that。

Let's say that there's a rhythm to his speaking patterns。 Let's say that。

 let's say that a woman's unconscious mind can recognize this as being a rhythm。Okay。

 to what like a cool guy's speaking patterns look like。 And by the way。

 it's not like every guy has a different rhythm to his speaking patterns。

 But then there's like the sub levelvel that's like in detect。 like you can't。

 It's not like the the surface level。 It's like the depth of it。 And when you're really in state。

Your rhythm is like this。 It's like。Nice and flush。 You know what I'm saying， right？

 And then when you're out of state。If anything， it's more like， you know， you're more like。

 you're trying to hit the rhythm， but it's just， you know， it's not working。

 That's why when you're in state， your jokes just hit， right， They hit。 You say something。Hits。

 whereas when you're out of state， you're like， you do the joke and you're kind of like。Like that。

 And it doesn't hit so。Oh， yeah。 Oh yeah。 So the thing is like。

Everything that you do when you're in state just works。 All right。 Now。

 what about when you walk up to a girl。Nice eye contact。

You can spout anything off and girls just think it's awesome。

 Like you just say some silly stuff and girl thinks it's hilarious。😊。

And you never feel like you're going to run out of things to say。😡。

Your humor hits and people follow your lead。 That is what being in state is。 All right。

 Naturals tend to go in state more often than regular people。

 And that's what allows them to be natural。How about when you're out of state？Sucks。

 hate being out of state。 It can。You give it like you say your funniest jokes， nobody laughs at it。

 right， You say your best pieces， like you could have like some pickup line that always works and you're out of state。

 you walk up with the same sort of confidence。 like like you're out of state。

 you walk up the same eye contact everything， but you do it， and it just doesn't work。😡，Allright。

 there's just something that's not there and just the characteristics that we talked about。

 So when you're out of state， it doesn't work。So see what's interesting， of course。

 is that when you've learned the game through pickup lines。

And then you start having these really on nights for any of you that have learned how to meet women through a lot of pickup lines。

 you don't even necessarily have to become a natural right away。

 But what I would encourage you to do is when you're having that really on night and you're like。

 damnn， you're like the Nimbus is on right， say to yourself， you know what。

 now that I feel like this， I'm gonna stop with any lines。😡，Right now。

 and I'm just going to see what happens。 try that， and you'll see what happens。 And if you like it。

Maybe later， you could just stop using the lines altogether。 See， So thats。

 that's what I would encourage。 That's kind how I got started on it。Now。

 one thing that I think is important。Is that whenever you have a new concept。

 you also understand why it works， because when you understand the reason why it works。

 you have more faith in that concept。 and and you can sort of click it into your reality a little bit better。

 So basically， what it comes down to is state subcomics value。

That's the best way that I could put it to you。 when you're in state。

People's unconscious mind says this guy must have value。 This guy must be hooked up。

 This guy must be the shit， even beyond that， and just continuing。

This sort of bleeds into like tomorrow in the next day's lecture。😡，But ultimately。

 people want to be on the receiving end of authentic communication。And when someone is in state。

That will tend to communicate that they're coming from a position of abundance。

And when they're coming from a position of abundance， they have less need to be inauthentic。

 less need to bullshit， because think of it this way， if you've got。You know， I mean。

 just kind of making a funny， comical situation like a big harem of women and， you know， you know。

 feeding you grapes while you sit there in a toga or something like that， right。

 And you've got all the money that you could ever want and all the friends you could ever want。

 You've got everything。 You're just sitting there。 If you speak your mind like， yeah， you know。

 this is what I think， right It's like， you remember Marlon Brando and the godfather。

 He just kind of says whatever he wants to say。 He just says he's like， oh yeah， you know。

 like these orange peels。 look in my mouth right。 He you know， just do it。 So。😊，You know。

 like you see these movies where they're sort of like a town hall meeting and they're all like。

 what do we do with this like town problem， And then the guy at the back sort of stands up and he's like。

 listen， and the whole room's like and Ill turn around and face him。

And that's because he's speaking authentically， right， Like there's something in almost like the flu。

 the flu， right， where it's like it's just coming out。

 So it's like a piercing arrow that's just sort of coming out。

 and people can see that it's authentic。 So they go snap and there has immediately even with all the ruck is。

 there R goes authentic， authentic and it it just hears it right And so to me。

 I think that when we're in state。 And there look， there's millions of counter examples of like people that are in state all time that are nasty people。

 But the point is， I think generally speaking as a generalization when you're in state。

 that's when you access your best self。 All right， that's when you're being your best self。

 And so people are just more inclined to be around that。 All right， So on one level。

 it communicates that you have value， communicates that you're hooked up on another level。

 you're coming more authentic and you're more your best self。 By the way had a couple questions。

 So you're saying you should try to always be in state。

 I'm gonna move I'm gonna talk about that issue。 So we'll get to that in a second。

 Yeah And what was your thing。 My thing is like I understand。😊。

State subcommunates value because people just generally assume， I guess， that if you're happy。

 you must have something to be happy about。Which is kind of dumb when you think about it， I guess。

 because you get people that like their football team wins and they're like we did it。Yeah， I mean。

 any generalization can have counter for example， of course， so what were you saying？

Doesn't that mess with your head because like when you go out and you're in state。

 you know you're gonna have a great night。 when you go out and you're out of state， you're like。

 damn， I'm gonna get to that。 Yeah， well you just said there， I'm gonna get to that， yep。

Three levels of state where if you're just in a casual situation， you can be in a casual stage if。

Oh in your situation， you can be in a better state， but in never a negative state。

 though it just always being。You are at whatever level of absolutely。

 and I absolutely agree with that。 And beyond that。

 Jeffie has a great example where he calls it the raging brush fire versus like the white hot searing coal right And so on one level you can kind of like be in state and just be like jumping around and like twirling girls around and stuff like that And then on another level。

 you might be able to just walk up to go like really， really low key like a just really。

 really low key and it's like the hot searing flame or hot searing coal right And you know even when you're sitting there。

Something I'll talk about more tomorrow the next day。

 Like you can be sitting with your friends and just sort of like in the moment。

 just kind of just chill， really relax， not trying to impose your frame on anybody。

 nothing like that。 But you're just feeling those good emotions in your own body。

 just in a very relaxed way。 And then when you speak。😊，It just comes out nice and crisp。 You know。

 So yeah， you know， there's definitely different levels。

 And then sometimes it can be injected with a high level of enthusiasm。 you know。

 and just different levels of it。 And ultimately， like we said。

 any concept that we come up with are just signpost to a specific place。

 So I've tried to cover the angles。 But there's gonna be a million like different examples that we could come up with like absolutely。

😊，Now look。Basically what， like we said， from a woman's perspective， it's like oh， he's in state。

 he must be getting sex。 I， right， you know， that's you know， the kind of simple way of putting it。

 of course。Because women are not women are not women aren't socially conditioned to be like。

 I want a data guy that's like having sex with lots of other women， right。

 They're not socially conditioned to， to think like that。 And if you were to say that。

 she'd say absolutely not。 But at the same time， she doesn't want the guy who could be， You know。

 she wants the guy that could be。 She may not even logically want， but it what she respond to。

 She might say， I hate guys like that。 The last five guys I dated were like that。 And I hated it。

 right， Okay， thanks。 thanks for letting me know what you respond to。 So。Allright， so。Look。

 you're not trying to impress， you're not trying to persuade。

 you're not trying to conform because you have no reason to care， all right？😡，So， look。

The next issue。And this is massive because if you don't get this。

 then the bit that I've taught you guys for the last hour。Is going to do more harm than good to you。

All right， so I want to say that if that doesn't hook your attention， I don't know what will。

Pay very close attention。All right。If you don't understand this。

 then your knowledge of state will mess you up more than help you。😡，All right， so let's pause。

Really think about this。What do you guys think。Could be some of the downsides。

Of knowing about state and being aware of it。 What could be some of the downsides of that。

In'm so conscious。Subconscious what's that？para paradox a paradox right。

 absolutely these are great answers look。The concept of state is meant to be liberating。

Right when you first find out about it， when， when I first realized it myself。

 I would take guys out of a boot camp who typically would have pickup line after pickup line after reverse pickup line and backwards pickup line and Ford summer assaultulting backwards flipping pickup line。

 And I'd say， fuck that look， let's just get in state。 I get them in state。 I say。

 just say whatever you want， even nonsense。 even the death boring interview saw questions。

 and it will work。 I show them this， they're blown away， liberated。

 like they feel like the chains are ripped off。 This is when I first started teaching this way。

 But later theyd contact me。 and they'd say。😡，What， I mean， this is a couple years back。

 What would they say， man， it's like， now that I'm so conscious of state， I'm I'm paranoid。

 I don't go into state anymore， right， see。The problem is when you know that state matters。

 you're going to resist it。All right， it will create all sorts of problems。So， first。

First thing in your head is a personal boundary。 This is an absolute personal boundary。

 And that is this。 While on one level， you can understand that state is liberating。

 You can understand that state allows you to do what you want， say what you want。

 and that it works great。On another level， you have to have a personal boundary， which is this。

 If I'm not in state， I'm just going to go through the motions anyway。

I will never monitor whether or not I'm in state。 I will just go through my life。 Allright。

 You cannot be thinking， oh， my dude， you can think it for a while。 Look。

 as as a newbie coming to a or not even as a newbie。

 even as an advanced guy coming to a new level of understanding。 Of course。

 you're gonna check the ranges and the boundary lines and things like that， you're gonna goof up。

 But its like a permanent way of being once you reach the ideal level。

 you're not gonna be monitoring this type of thing you' not like am I in state， am I out of state。

 Nothing like that。 Allright。So the first level is a personal boundary。

 you will not resist it if you're not in state。 Now， let me tell you the next concept。This concept。

Is a key tenet of Eastern philosophy and has changed my life in more ways than I could express。😡。

Da is a higher local being， which spreads zero。Was that state is a higher level of being？Treens your。

 And that's why you don't want to do it。 He yeah， He yeah。

He said that state is a higher level of being friends or ego。 It's absolutely true。

 We'll get into that definitely during this conference。 So look。Resistance。

Guess what I'm going to give you guys now。 It's a concept from Eastern philosophy。

 I'm going to give you guys a new emotion。Guess what， fun you guys got a new emotion today。All right。

So what are some of your emotions like happiness， sadness。What are some other emotions， anger， fear？

Anxiety， sorrow， well look this， look at it。Poor morning。Feeling a little Randy， look。Look at this。

Resistance。Don't forget it because look， that's your new emotion for the day if you've never heard of it。

Resistance is an emotion。And this emotion。Do you remember how yesterday we talked about how with love people。

 because love， the concept has not been broken down sufficiently。

 and so your experience as a result of your language and your concepts。

 your experience of say say like you're needy right say you're just really needy for this girl's validation and that creates a strong reaction in you。

 like I really want this girl's validation， it's creating strong reaction and you don't what if you don't know what neediness is。

😡，Then you'll mistake neediness for love。Well， likewise， if you don't know what resistance is。

Then a lot of your negative emotions like depression， frustration， anger。

That are really being caused by resistance。😡，You don't know what they are。

 and then you'll believe that they're real。 you'll fuel them。

 You'll add fuel to them by identifying with them。 So essentially， look。

Resistance is the emotion that you experience when you wish that the reality that was in front of you was in some different way。

All right。Now， here's what's interesting。 Let's say that you wish that you were in state。You're like。

Man， I want to be in state。 I want to be in state。 And your thought loop is going。

 I want to be in state。 I want to be in state。 What that's creating is this emotion right here。

Resistance， you're resisting it。 You're resisting the reality that's right in front of you。Okay。

 so a sort of a Eastern philosophical based concept or sort of Zen concept is never resisting the now。

 like a total acceptance of what is immediately in front of you。 Paradoxically。

 you also have to have the will to change reality。 In a sense， we call that right action。

 like you have to know to take right action。But you never resist the reality that's in front of you。

 What resistance means like this。 Like， I don't like the way that this is。 I don't like this。

 I don't like this as opposed to like a more sort of Zen way of looking at it， which is like。

 this is what it is。 What's the right action。Go， all right。 So basically， this emotion resistance。

 which comes in in so many other ways， and it has so many different dynamics is not even funny。

 causes a great deal of most of the bad emotions that are in you。

 So one example that you might learn if you study that sort of thing is like。

 say that you're depressed， right， you're depressed and you're going， you're like this。 You're like。

I'm so depressed。 I'm so depressed。 I hate being depressed。 I hate that I'm like this。

 I hate that I'm such a piece of shit that thinks like this。 Allright， and then。😔。

What if you just say instead？This is this is a classic E car toll thing。Just say， well。

 I'm depressed。I don't mind。That's okay。 I'm depressed。

 right basically not identifying with the emotion， but recognizing it as a chemical reaction in your body。

 right， you don't identify with that。 You don't say you're like I am depressed in the sense like your core essence is depressed。

 It's just like my body is having a chemical reaction， which are called the emotions of depression。

 I'm depressed。 Well， I don't mind。 And what that does essentially is it create space。

 That's what Ehar told call it says create space between you and the emotion。 So likewise。

 with state right， And if you're like， oh， I'm out of state。 I'm out of。

 you're sitting there in the club You're sitting there and you're like。

 I don't wantan to do an approach right now because I'm out of state。 and you're thinking like that。

 What are What are you doing。What are you doing？If you' going， I'm out of state， I'm of state。

 What are you doing， moment， fighting the moment， Reing， good， finding the moment。

 great way of putting it。 So， look， resistance is going to do a lot more to put you out of state than being out of state is。

 All right， resistance。 that's， and that's the greatest way to keep yourself out of state like。😊。

First so， first like， oh， man， I learned that I just gotta be in。 If I'm just in。 then it's the shit。

 But then you get out there and you're like， oh， no， I'm stayed。 F， I need to be in。

 I need to get girls， man， I need to get and， right， what happens， You resist。

 and then it's fueling that。 You， you're not only identifying with the emotion of being out of state。

 which is fueling it， making the experience so much more vivid。 But beyond that。

 you're actually creating a field of negativity within yourself。Yeah。

 so this is just the opposite acceptance。Y， and so what that means is that when you're out of state。

 the first gateway out of that is accepting it。That's the first gateway out。 Allright， like。

 I'm out of state。No， I don't mind。And then the second， of course， is that personal found。 You' like。

 so it's like this， look， say， go out。 and I'm like， I'm out of state。 I'm like， well。This sucks。

 I'm like， I just feel like a dumbas right now。 I'm out of state。So I'm not really then I go。Well。

 you know， I'm going to live a long life， hopefully and。Probably be out of state many more times。

 Hopefully， I can live many more days to be out of state sometimes， you know， I mean， just。

 that's how it is， right， Even the pros experience it。 That's fine。 Okay， some'm out of state。 Well。

 I don't mind。😊，Anyway， I have a personal boundary and I'm gonna to talk to some people。

 So I'm gonna talk to somebody。 cool。 And if they reject me， I don't mind。 right。

 I'm not gonna resist it。 and I'm gonna take right action。 All right。

 so that's like your first layer of almost like your first level of defense。

 Okay to being out of state。 It like， don't resist it don't dwell on it， just take right action。

 and look Yeah Yeah， yes， you hear the quote there guys， very important quote in this。

 that which you resist persists。 So if you're like I'm of， I'm， I'm of， It will persist。

 If you' like， oh， I'm so depressed。 I'm so depressed。 It persists。 So that which you resist persist。

 don't resist it。 just be accepting of it。 That's the gateway out。 All right， Yeah， be present。

 We're gonna talk about that。 So basically。I'm out of state。 I'm like， okay， so I'm out of state。

 now， look， taking right action。Is a muscle。 Okay， In fact， many。

 we have many different psychological muscles。 Like， for example， you guys know decision making。

 decisionion making is a muscle， agreed。Yeah， decision making is a muscle。 People who。

 you guys know people who are not used to making decisions and they are locked in indecisiveness。

 And you can see that。 Is that a very good quality for attracting women indecisiveness。

Do you want to know how bad indecisiveness is for attracting women？I'll be teaching a boot camp。

How sayy that you're on boot camp。 and we're taking some girls out of the club。 But here，s here。

 let's get out of here。 But let's go to the club。 And they're like， where are we going。

 And you're like， I'm not sure yet。 Let's just go。Those instantly， we got to go gone。Why。

 cause he showed indecisiveness。 A girl wants a man who knows where he's going。 right， She said。

 you know what， Women are real lenient most of the time。 They're really cool about this stuff。

 They're so cool about this stuff。 It's not even funny。

 But if you don't even know where you're going， then it's like， man， like， who's this guy， right？

 So the thing is。😊，You know， the better answer would be， we're going here。Obviously。

 if you have enough value， then maybe it wouldn't matter。 But when it's on the fence。

 that'll blow you out so。All right， look。Here's a freaky sort of phenomenon。 I mean。

 if you think about it。With this whole insstate out of saving。We live in a society。

 like going back to social conditioning。We the idea that bad emotions。A a valid excuse not to act。😡。

Is actually feasible to most people。Like most people really think that I'm too scared is like a good reason not to do something。

It's crazy， right， Like it's insanity。 Like I'm not going to do that。 I don't。 It's not fun， right。

 Like it's too scary。I'm not going to do an approach that's too scary， right， Like they think， oh。

 I don't want to do my I'm not going to do whatever amount of work I have to do It's just going to take too long。

Right，It's too much trouble。 too long。 Oh， it doesn't feel good。 I'm not going to do it。

That's the type of society that we live in you know most societies before ours really valued the concept or not most。

 but I mean， I don't really know， but many society before ours and many successful ones really valued the idea of right action。

 all right， right action is a muscle like saying this is what is required to be done and I'm going to do it regardless of emotions like you feel the emotion in your body。

 but you just move forward anyway。😡，Imagine it being like you're hammered。

 like you're just drunk out of your mind。Shiit faced。 And a policeman were to say to you。

 walk a straight line， right， You're just totally shit faced。And you just try。 You're like，Right。

You just try to walk that straight line。 That's what most of my life is。Alright。

 I don't drink alcohol all， by the way。 But most of my life is me like a fucking shit scared of what I'm doing。

😡，All the time。 I'm shit scared all the time， guys。 Okay， Like a lot of my life。

 I live in experiencing a lot of fear， Likewise， you know， sometimes overworked， whatever it is。

 you know， disciplined。 And that's how I go look， You think that this you think that the life like you think it's a guy who's successful。

 It's all smooth and shit。 right， Like， oh， yeah， man。

 like this guy that's successful in this business， like Bill Gates or something like that。

 You think it was like all smooth， like just smooth sailing。 just point A to point B， man。

 just smooth sailing。 No， successful people in this world。 It's like there's the goal。 It's messy。

 man， the shit is messy， right， And you're like， oh， maybe you get kicked back。 right。😊。

And then boomman， you get there。 And then the rest of the world goes， he's so lucky。Right。

 that guy's so luck， man。 That guy doesn't deal with the types of issues that I deal with。

 That guy's so lucky， man。You know， as if he had some kind of opportunity when when more often than not。

 it's the people had the least opportunity in life that made it happen。 So look。

 like take like for example， you knowt pickup， right。

 I bet you guys think that like the the quote the quote unquote top guys when they pick up girls。

 It's like all smooth， right？ Like it's all smooth and shit。 Like， yeah， man。

 I just book and sailed in there and shit right， open。 we make out， let's go。

 it's sometimes like that， right， maybe 5% of the time， whatever。

 right It's like that sometimes more often than not， it's messy， All right， you guys know Aussie。

As is like， he's like man。 like these guys。 They can handle the truth on this man。 He's like a pull。

 It is messy。 It is messy man。 It's like， let's go。 Let's go。 She's like， no， no， no， let's go。

 Let's go。 It's messy man。 But most guys， they can handle that。 They think it's smooth。

 They think it's pretty man， like ballet， noma's messy man。 They can't handle the truth， man。 Okay。

 Allright， That's what he says because。You know。That's what it is dude。 Look。

 I'll go out with Aussie on executive retreat。 We'll be out seven days。

 He'll get laid probably like five times。 All right， no joke。 that guy。😊。

Ausie is one of these dudes who will like during like off executive retreat。

 he kind of just hibernateates and then goes out。 But then as soon as executive retreat comes。

 the guy always boom boom boom boom He's like come on close my fuck clothes right hes just like he's always like that And you'll see him right He'll be dancing with girls and they're like。

 no， go away。 and he's like hello I am Aussie go ti。 Oh you like it。 yes， I like， it's nice。

 He is nice and Aussie right nuts。 and he is proof that you could say anything。 You want proof。

 you go watch Aussie。 The stuff that he says makes absolutely no sense to me I can't even understand most of what he says and he goes like like that right。

 He's so fun right He's got such a vibe about him， Fun， decisive， all that kind of stuff。😊，You know。

 he's in his late 30s， right， And as you get older。

 you get better at this stuff Every year that goes by。

 you get better and better at it because you become more centered。 You know。

 As at 25 could never have done that stuff。 So look。When you move forward， when you're out of state。

😡，What you need to recognize there's not really the only division between people who are quote。

 unquote， courageous and people who are cowards is that the courageous people are willing to go just walk through all the the fog of bad emotions because isn't that what being out of state is like。

 right， It's kind of like walking through a fog， There's like a lack of clarity there。And it can。

 and you're just kind of trying to move through it， you know， So you move through it。

That is your personal boundary， it's called right action。😡，Guys。

 I really want you to take this home with you， think about what is right action， and look。

 if you go home， let's come back to this word here。😡，Resistance。

Say that you go home and you don't take right action。 What are a lot of guys going to do。

 How's the thought process going to go。Think about within the context of what we just talked about with resistance rational and that's the path I'll something I might not as I can have a make they'reing they in thatre' to' keep excuse and all these points are very important points even taking it further。

When we think about the types of thought loops。When you think about resistance。A big one as well。

 is like。Oh， man， I took that R SD seminar and They talked about right action。

 and I totally didn't do it。It's so bad that I didn't do it。 I didn't do right。

 I didn't take right action。 It's so stupid。 Why didn't I do it。 I'm so stupid。 I。

 I told myself in that seminar that I was gonna do the right thing， and I didn't do it now。

 It's so stupid。 I'm so worthless whatever right。 And so what's happening is they're creating like a negative energy feel within themselves like a negative。

 like when I say negative energy field。 I just mean。

 like it's like that negative vibe within themselves because they didn't do what they were supposed to do。

So。If you don't take right action。 Look， I don't take all the time。 I don't take right action。

 Okay let's say that I take right action a third of the time or something。

 but that most people only do it like 2% of the time。 then that's good。

 So that and maybe by the time I'm 50， like one goal for me is I'm trying I'm trying to become the best leader that I can be and offer the most value that I can offer。

 like I would love it by 50 or 60， you know， if I could really just offer so much value because I've cultivated that side of myself。

 So like by every day practicing taking right action， even in spite of your emotional issues。

 you become better and better at it。 All right， and you learn。

 you learn to push through state issues。 And meanwhile， when you learn not to resist。 All right。

 So think of it like two qualities， you want to the two qualities that you want to cultivate。One is。

 like we said， right action。And the other。Is。Non resistance。Is not resistance the same as acceptance？

Yes， excepting the now nonre。 Nores is a very eastern philosophical concept。 And so basically。

 right action， combined with nonre。 And that's a great way to get and。 Now， look。😊，Beyond that。

I'm gonna teach you guys， in the coming days。Like hair trigger， fast ways to get in state。That work。

That work really， really well， like ways that you can literally just be like。

Boom and within like two minutes， like one minute， you could just be saying like oh like that。

 And within like two minutes， you're gonna be like boom in it。 Allright。

 And this is the kind of stuff that that I've taught on boot camp for a long time。 And it's just。

 it's absolutely incredible。 And I'm going to teach that to you guys in the coming days For now。

 why don't we just hold it in our heads for now， just hold our minds that A。

 state is very liberating And that B， when you're not in state， don't create resistance to it。

 Just take right action anyway。 All right， Why don't we just leave it there。

In terms of being in state。Training yourself to be in state is something that you can do in a lot of different ways。

 So one way， for example， is meditation。 Has anyone here ever done meditation， Great， All right， Now。

 meditation can teach you things like nonresistance， feeling the inner body， just sitting in a room。

😊，However。It can be difficult at times to translate that out into the real world。 right In fact。

 let me tell you guys something funny。 I like to talk about boot camp teaching so lot because it can teach you guys how to teach yourselves。

 One thing that I noticed because I've done countless experiments over the years was that。

At one time， we tried really pumping you up at the start of a boot camp， right。

 pumping you up and get guys psyched out。 But you know what was interesting。

When they get out to the club， say you get out to the club and you're pumped up。😡。

You have what's called a state crash because you feel like your state is going down relative。

 I'm not saying you shouldn't do that。 I'm just thinking it was something that we had on the boot camps now。

Likewise， when I kept the energy calm， then when we get to the club， it was， you know。

 it was more of a stake going up。 But regardless， something like meditation is great。

 and it can teach you what it means to be in the moment。 But simultaneously。

 I believe that learning how to hold your own and hold your state in a more dynamic environment is a separate type of thing。

 or maybe not a separate type of thing， but maybe a。More dynamic type of thing。 Allright， So again。

 learning how to hold your state in in all sorts of dynamic environments is absolutely。A live goal。

 Now， look。We're going to talk next about what's called。Rules。So when we say rules。

Let's think about what it means First。 We'll look at a more simple aspect of the what we' related to state after。

 Think about happiness。 Have you guys ever heard that a lot of people believe that people in say。

 a more impoverished part of Latin America， Many of those people are happier than people who live in St Orange County。

 You guys ever heard studies like that。😊，Okay， so why。

 why is that because people who live in the lack of luxury complain about everything？I mean。

 sometimes y， give them a survey， they're like， oh。

 this is wrong with my life and this is wrong with my life because they got too much fucking free time。

 too much free time it leads to and yeah go ahead an unhealthy sense of entitlement。😀ははは。😊。

Real let me think about that one。 That's an interesting one。 An unhealthy sense of entitlement。

 Do I know anyone like that， That's a very interesting one。 I like that。😊，That'd be a great line。

 You have a very unhealthy sense of entitlement， Sir。 Allright， anyway， it really pisses a girl up。

 Yeah， yeah。 So oh， like to to a girl whos oh， that is funny。 So you say that as a eggg。

 You have an unhealthy sense of entitlement。😊，That is funny。

 I don't know what would have non field tested， but that is funny。 I'm calling a princess later。

 Yeah， Princess。 So look。To me what it comes down to is this it's the rules right。

 someone who lives in， say， a more impoverished part of South America may indeed have less rules about when they allow themselves to experience happiness。

 they say， look， when I go out dancing with my friends。

 that's the time to be happy so they're extremely thrilled and excited and happy when they're just out dancing with their friends Other people might have a different type of rule right。

 they have a different kind of rule， like I need to have accomplished this with my job and I need to have this going right and this going right。

 and otherwise I'm pissed off， so they almost have like you know this really thin little margin it's like I can be happy whenever I'm in my sweet spot。

Then I can feel happy， but whenever the rest of my life occurs。All this stuff。 Nope。

 I cannot be happy。 I'm gonna be pissed off。 That's why you see a lot of people that get pissed off。

 That's what rules are， right， Some people's rules to feel happy is I'm alive。

 I have my family around me。 I am dancing whatever it is。

 Other people have a complex and elaborate set of rules。 only feel happy when they're up here。

 Of course， this can lead to all sorts of debates Like， well， yeah。

 I have a very thin criteria for happiness， but that forces me to take action。 right。

 if I didn't have that， I would never do anything。 I just be some dumb ass sitting around。

 And you know what。😊，There's a level of validity to that。

 But I think that you can also evolve to a higher level where you can take， as we said。

 right action and still get still keep moving yourself towards the conditions of your life that you want。

 simultaneously not beating yourself up when you're not there unnecessarily。

 especially when you really think in the context of how short life is。EYou know。

 to blow years of your life， just feeling pissed off。That is a waste。Now， look。

The next thing that we're going to say is what your mind needs to let you be your best self。😡。

All right， what does your mind need to view yourself as like a worthwhile guy？

 So what we call this is your identity criterion。 We could also call your entitlement crerion。

 and we'll run through it very quickly。Essentially。

Your identity criterion is where your mind looks to reference how much value you have。

 In other words， the rules that you have to decide whether or not you're allowed to go into state。

Now， like a thermometer， it will go up or down depending on your criterion。 I want you， okay。

 think about this， guys。 Stop and think about this。😡，Everyone has that thermometer。

So if you' got that thermometer of when you allow yourself to be in state。

What are the things that are affecting it。Think of it like this。The thermometer。

That you use to decide whether or not you go into state is actually programmable。

You can program that thermometer。 Like you can say。

 I want my thermometer to go up when I put it in water or I want my thermometer to go up when I put it in dirt or something like that。

 But instead， we'll apply it to like a social context。 Allright， so。Some examples are。

When we think of people's rules， some of them would be like how they're dressed。

 You guys know what I mean， you guys ever notice when you're dressed really well。

 Maybe you feel really good。 That's because society has programmed you to have a good thermometer。

 like， you know， clothes。😊，You know？That's being programmed in your thermometer， all right？

Think of it this way。 One thing that I did。That I noticed in myself。

 One quality that I noticed in myself was that when I was dressed really well。

 I would do awesome with women because I felt good。 But when I was dressed like crap。

 I wouldn't even approach because I'd go， I'd see the girl I want to talk to you。 I'd go。😊。

I'll do later。Right， I'm not just。 I'm not not just it right now。 I'm not gonna do。

 know I don't presentable。 I'm not gonna to do it。What I later did， I had a couple experiences。

 One was when I had a giant mustard stain across my face。

 This big gl of mustard that got there somehow。 Who knows how， And I went out， had an amazing night。

😊，Awesome。Went home and found this gl of mustard。 asked my friend goes。

 I asked to being there all night。Okay， right， Another time I had a giant zit， you know。

 when you get one of those ingrown hairs over your lip that looks like a cold sore and it can actually get even more grotesque than a cold sore。

 right， The thing is。😊，I had a big ingrown hair， and。Guess what？Didn't know I had it。Went out。

 had a kickas night。Found out when I got home， asked my buddy， yeah， that's being there。 It's nasty。

 All right， So again， Okay， it's a rule because I didn't know that I wasn't meeting my own rules。

I did O。 Incidentally， one hear a really nasty story。

 I had a girl once that I had moved forward to a restaurant and I had。😊。

I had one of those ingrown hairs， and she picked it off， right and bled because she didn't。

 She didn't like it， right。 Anyway， it wass because she had decided that things were gonna be moving forward。

 she'd like it。 So there's a little scar there right now。

 which is a nice little memory of that interesting night。 Now， okay， so look。😊。

Which is a bizarre night in many ways。 Let me tell you。 But allright。 So anyway， I essentially。😊。

These are your rules。 So going through them in a more formal level。

I have different types of rules that I like to talk about。

 and you guys might have heard me cover this briefly in foundations。

 So one of them is like superficial standards。 That's like when you've met the typically unrealistic standards of society。

 which could include looking good， having a high status job， making money， you're owning nice things。

 you have that and you're kind of like you know， your state thermometer。😡，Right？Or your Nimbus。

O meter。I just made that up now。 How fucking creative is that your nimbaometer。

That's like gonna be like the new popular jargon on the for now， right， The Nimometer。

 It's might like the newbie like， it's my Nims ometer。 Good。 Allright， So。😊，We've all been there。

 So look。Essentially， your state thermometer。 is's like， you know， you've got the job。

 you've got the money， the house， whatever it is。 So you feel good。 Allright， and state goes up。

Likewise。The next one I talk about is alliances， which again。

 is my nerd term for friendships and relationships。 We call that alliances。

 which essentially means like when you feel guaranteed acceptance because of the people around you that can include having attention from girls。

 high status friends or having a girlfriend around。

 having people that being nice environment will cover in more depth in a second。 Next。

 competencies when you have anything that makes people want something from you having access to something exclusive。

 having knowledge or expertise that people want， having entertaining jokes that can engage people for a period of time。

 Next up， role plays Like when the circumstances in your life call on you to assume a role。

 maybe being in aed or professional role， being a teacher in a teacher student situation。

 being surrounded by people of lesser status and fulfilling the role by default。

 So let's look at some of these cr。 Now， of course， everyone's criterion is different。

 someone from South America probably has a very different set of criterions than someone from here。

 Some Bushman out in a tribe， maybe thinks how many bones he has in his。😊。

Make them cool and wouldn't respond to that here。 So really think about that。All right， now look。

Okay， the clothing example， great example。So think back a couple years ago。

 why don't we say three to four years to be exact。 Think of a day when you got a great new set of clothes。

 new hair and say you got a new haircut the same day。 and you're walking through the mall。

 And you know that feeling when you're walking through the mall with your brand new fresh press shirt and your brand new haircut and the girls are checking you out。

 Everyone had that experience， Everyone's had every guy can recognize that experience。

 And what does you say in your head， damnn， this is a tight shirt。😊，This is a great shirt。

 It's really working for me。 This is a great haircut。 It's really working for me。 You know。

 I really notice that women just respond better when I'm dressed nice。

 I just really notice that right， Some guys will say。

 I really notice that when I hit a certain body fat percentage。

 It's just that sweet spot where women just start to respond better when I hit that certain body fat percentage。

 It's like， yo， do you really think that most people know the difference between you and 16% body fat and 13% body fat。

 Do you really think that they don't， But you know it。

 And so the little communications that you have are different， now。😊，What happens with most guys。

 they wear the shirt for a little while， they feel good women respond to it after a while they don't really care about anymore。

 and what do they say I like a shirt Yes， this shirt doesn't work anymore right This shirt doesn't have the Mojo powers that it once had。

 therefore I will now go and engage in more consumers in person new shirt。So。

Think of it even this way。Yeah， it's you。We're to wear the clothes going back again three to four years ago。

Think back to the clothes that you wore three or four years ago。

They may well be as fashionable now as they were then， or maybe they wouldn't。

 depending on what you're wearing， but let's say that they were。😡，If you were to wear。

 Im going you to picture it。 wear those exact same clothes right now。How would you feel？

Maybe some of you guys have a similar way of addressing as a couple years ago。

 but surely there's many of you in this audience who are like， no。

 that sure definitely wouldn't work if I wore that now， why。

 because your own sense of style has changed your own rules about you know when you feel good and what types of clothes you've been wearing have changed and so therefore it would no longer work。

 one thing that I really started doing when I was really working on this stuff like hardcore。

Making big strides was even going out， not dress nice， you know， And in fact， I made certain rules。

 like I would still approach girls。 like when yout was learning how to get my approaches down。

 that I would still talk to girls， even if like my whole setup was not good at all。 for example。

 say I was coming back from the shopping mall and I have like shopping bags on me and say like I'm walking by the club。

 like like I remember the first time I did was in Sydney And I was walking through like some Irish pub area or something like that。

 And I had my shopping bags on me。 I was dressed like crap。 And I just walked into the club。

 and I did approaches and met girls and got phone numbers。

 dressed like crap with a bunch of shopping bags in a nightclub。😊， looking totally stupid。Right。

 and still had a good night。 I didn't let it get to me。

 I remember another time I was out in in Richmond and out in near London。And again。

 down by the Thames River， just out there， dress like crap and approach a girl dressed the nines。And。

Pulll it off。 All right。 And I said， wow， look at this。 It doesn't matter。 So， look。

 I'm not saying that you shouldn't dress well。 but hey。

 maybe you want to consider not dressing as well as you normally dress and just try going out and seeing what happens。

 And that way， you're not dependent on it。 I'm not telling you not to be presentable。

 I I would think that's so funny to think like that。

 But the point is is that you should never rely on your clothing。 All right。

 some people use clothing as like a shelter。 has anyone here ever had a girlfriend who was like really infatuated with you。

 And then she wouldn't she wouldn't dress bad in front of you with the start of the relationship。

 Like she had like she had to wear makeup like in the daytime and， know。

 like whatever like stuff like that。 right， And it's like， again。

 she has that attachment that's there。 Allright， or you know how some girls will not go out to the club unless they've got their hair done that kind of thing。

 they will not go to me， that's the same kind of a thing。And it's fine。 You know， I。

 I think it's cute。 I think it's adorable。 I think it's totally adorable。 But the point is。

 is that me as a man， I'm looking to move past that。 Allright。

 I'm not looking to have that be a hindrance。😊。