# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：7. 如何获得一个号码：4 如何获得一个号码内场练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are a few exercises designed to help you to get phone numbers and to learn to get phone numbers on a regular basis。

 The first one is very simply ask for a phone number in every set that goes at least 10 minutes。

 A lot of guys they have this idea of like they become like they're telling about themselves。

 They're not selling anything。 They're not actually closing。

 they're not asking for a number you can have a great interaction， you don't get the number。

 you never see the girl again， it was a waste of your time， you have to be closing。 So at a minimum。

 any set that goes at least 10 minutes， make yourself try and ask for at least a number as you get more advanced。

 you can even go to the point where you say every set no matter what I'll ask for a number even if she blows me off off the open。

 I'm gonna to ask for a number always and that's not bad as well the key thing here though is to get yourself too closing。

 The next two exercises are sort of different approaches to getting a number。

 One is to soft close it the whole way and sort of like baby step。

 the other way is to just jump in the deep into the pool and go as hard as possible and there's merit to both。

Approaches。And you should learn both approaches because both will develop different skills。

So the next approach is open by asking for a number。 just walk over and be like， hey。

 I wanted to get your number。 And what will happen here is you're basically trying too quickly there may be the occasional random girl that just likes the way you look and we'll give you a number on that。

 But most of the time what you're gonna get is resistance and shit tests。

 But what this will teach you is how to overcome them。

 it will teach you how to change her mood not her mind how to back off be funny， keep a good vibe。

 try to close again in a different way etc。 etc。 So you're kind of fighting an uphill battle。

 But when you learn to close after being rejected at the start。

 Then you can always turn rejections around later because you always be in a better situation than this throughout the rest of your game。

 So it's a really， really good exercise， you'll get the occasional number from it as well just right off the bat and then you'll get a lot of numbers as you learn to turn things around。

 But it is very assertive it is very like sort of masculine to just go straight for in a away as well。

 So that's not so bad。 And it's excellent exercise。 Fi exercise forting the number。

Is to rather than just going for it。 You want to soft close your way the whole way there。

 And the idea is， if you soft close well enough， you're gonna try and get her to ask you for your number or her to give or to her to ask you to take her number。

 Okay， so what you want to do， though， is instead of saying what's your number。

 You'll say stuff like， you know， you seem like a really cool girl。 or you know。

 it really fun talking to It'd be cool if we did this again sometime or be like， oh。

 that's really interesting that you're into this thing。😊。

You'd actually be kind of a fun person to hang out and do that thing with those kind of things。

 So you want to hint at it， but not actually close And by hinting at it。

 you're gonna get them at some point to be like， you know what。

 you should take my number or you know what's your number So the point is to hint and hint and hint until they actually close you Now in reality。

 obviously， what you want to do is in between you want to soft close soft close And then when it's on just close yourself because that's going to be the highest percentage。

 But as we're drilling it， we're gonna focus on the extreme cases。

 So that's why we do the start with going for the number even when it's too early。

 And that's why we do the soft close until they close you。 If you can effectively do these drills。

 then getting a number is gonna be a piece of cake for you。😊。

