# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：3. 如何开始一场对话：5 如何开始一场对话内场练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now that we're past just being nervous about opening in general we can get into more advanced opening and more technical sorts of drills to make sure that you're opening strongly in your opening in such a way that you're going to be getting traction on a more regular basis and also making people very comfortable when you open rather than creating awkwardness upon your entry。

 so that's what these drills will be geared for。And the first drill is going to be a drill where the goal will be to start conversations。

 but not really hit on anybody。 And in this case， you could talk to just about anyone。

 You could actually even talk to guys， but I recommend talking to at least groups of girls or groups that have at least one girl in them。

 What you're going to do though， is go out on the street。

Find a street corner where there's a lot of people moving by。 When somebody walks by。

 You' are going to walk with them。 You're not going to hit on them。

 You're not going to try and stop them。 You're not going to try and get a phone number。

 All you're going to do is walk with them and try and last the duration of one block。 That's it。

 Just be friendly。 Upbeat fun， don't ask anything from them。

 just walk and talk and try and last one block。 If they tell you to fuck off。

 if they seem a little awkward and weird， you can still stick in and just keep talking to them if they tell you strongly。

 like， fuck off， go away。 That's fine。😡，Go away， go back to your street corner。

 and then when the next one comes by， go ahead and walk with and try to manage to last one block with them。

Once you get good at this， you can actually take it to the next level and you can start doing more difficult versions。

 for example， the next time you might walk with them for a block。While assuming this position。

 hands on the head and make it a little more more difficult for yourself。

 or another one you could do is walk and bow the entire time while you talk to them。

 These are drills that you can do of a more advanced nature。 But again， remember。

 the the thing you're doing here is just starting a normal conversation。 You're not hitting on them。

 You're getting the vibe in your head and the frame in your head。

That conversation is normal and natural。 You can just be friendly。

 and you can have a conversation without asking for anything from someone without hitting on someone。

 It's a very important frame to have。 And because you're not asking for anything。

 And because you're not hitting on anyone。 This actually allows you to open a lot of sort of groups that might be difficult to open otherwise。

 A lot of people that normally would have a lot of nervousness and fear about approaching guys and girls together。

 If there they know going in， there's no asking for a number， There's no hitting on anyone。

 you'll find it a lot easier to open and just talk with that kind of group。 And once you can do that。

 then the next stage becomes even easier。 So the key thing here is you're walking， talking。

 you're lasting for a period of time or a period of distance。 That's it。

And you're not hitting on anyone。 You're not asking for anything from them。 You're just talking。

 And if they reject you， find no big deal。 go back to the start and try again。 Okay， no ego。

 no ego about this。 Don't worry about， oh， I failed this1。 I didn't succeed in that one。

 or they stopped and went into a shop。 Theres some things you can't control and some things that just don't matter。

 big thing here。 Get the practice。 Next exercise is actually a variation on you may have heard of Tyler's six steps for maintaining massive momentum。

 It's kind of like that。 It's overall process for how to stay in the right mindset and take action at the same time。

 Okay so I'm gonna to give you， it's essentially the first four steps of the six step exercise。

 And they are number one， open all。 number two， minimize time between interactions。 Numb3。

 don't judge it。 And number4， find something fun or funny in every interaction。

 I'm gonna go through these all in a little bit more depth。 First of all。

 open all literally means open all。 doesn't just mean open the ones that don't intimidate you。

 doesn't mean open the ones that aren't with guys。 It doesn't mean open the ones that are only super hot。

It means literally open all Okay， now open all does not mean have sex with all does not mean have a 45 minute conversation with all if you're bored in an interaction。

 you don't want to talk to a particular person， you're free to leave。

 You just need to open them before you leave and opening could just be as little as hey， what's up。

Okay， what's up， you look really interesting。 Oh actually， I'm leaving to see my friends。

 no big deal。You're not committed to the interaction just because you opened。

 but you can't ever have the excuse of not opening。

 You need to become a social butterfly while doing this drill。 next。

 minimize time between interactions。 prettyty selfexplanatory。 The idea is。

 as soon as one interactions over onto to the next right away。 Now， ideally， in a perfect world。

 the time between interactions would actually be negative。

 You're talking to one person and you start talking to the other person know。

 while you're still talking to the first person。 But in reality。

 if as soon as you're out of one interaction， you're just immediately looking for the next。

 that's good enough。 so open all， minimize time between interactions。

 That's very important for the process and for taking action。 the next two are the most important。

 though for making the drill successful and enhancing your abilities in game。

 and they are don't judge it。 Don't judge it。 Don't judge the girl is either hot or ugly。 Who cares。

 Don't judge This set or the interactions is either good or bad。 Who cares。

 It's something in the past， it happened， you can learn from it， move on。

 Don't judge yourself because you had a good or bad set。 don't because you had one girl really like。

 you think you're like the king of the world。If you have some other girl not like。

 you don't think that all of a sudden you suck at life。 Okay， don't judge it。

 It's just a fact it's just an event that's in the past and you're moving on from here。 Okay。

 no judgment。 next is find something fun or funny in every interaction。A lot of guys。

 they'll go through the interactions and they're focused on the negative。

 They find every negative thing， every reason why they suck everything they did wrong。

 And because of that， they make their days out miserable。

 They make it a downward spiral where every approach gets harder than the previous one。

 If on the other hand， you find finding something positive， fun， funny out of every interaction。

 You're gonna make a positive， upward spiral where every approach gets easier and easier。

 And what's fun or funny， It can be very simple。 It can be like。

 I said something really clever in that set。 Or she blew me off faster than I've ever been blown off。

 I think that's hilarious。 or it can be like she was wearing the craziest shirt。 or I went over。

 and I forgot how to speak English。 and I started grgling。 And I think that's hilarious。

 It doesn't have to be like that you were so suave or so smooth。 Anything fun or funny。

 Just change your focus to being a positive seeker instead of a negative seeker。 Okay， so again。

 the rules are open all， minimize time between interaction。 Don't judge it。

 find something fun or funny in every interaction。 Go ahead and do that as an exercise。 And again。😊。

The idea here is it's process oriented。 You don't care about the outcome。

 You don't care about the results。 It's not about getting a girl's number or getting a girl to like you。

 it's about following the process。 So if you follow these four steps perfectly。

 even if you get bad results， bad results in the field。

It doesn't matter because the success is in the process if you happen to mess up on the process and you happen to get some good results。

It's great that you've got the good results。 but really hammer on the process。

 That's the success I want you to get out of this is following that four step process。

 absolutely to the best of your ability。 Next exercise。 And this is， again for taking massive action。

 iss what we called the 32 game。 And it's very in alignment with the previous exercise of minimizing time between interactions。

 We're gonna to do here is you're going to literally start counting down the second you leave an interaction from 3029。

28，27。 And by the time you get to 0， you have to be talking to someone new。

 You have a maximum of 30 seconds to get into the next conversation。 Now， again。

 that conversation could be with anyone could be with a guy a girl， whatever。

 ideally try and pick girls because we are working on game here， not just general conversation。

 But just get into a new conversation as fast as humanly possible。

 Don't give yourself the excuse to stand around， Don't give yourself the excuse to stagnate。

 get lots of repetitions and really， you know。😊，Like， hold yourself to a high standard。

 Hol yourself to the standard of this is what I'm doing。 I'm working on this。 My time is valuable。

 Let's make the most of it。 Next exercise。 And this is kind of an advanced one。

 What you're gonna to do here is you're going to open with something patently ridiculous Some good examples of this would be if you can think of some really cheesy。

 bad pickup lens。 go open with that。 And then from there， try and turn the set around。

 You need to really convince yourself and teach yourself that the opener doesn't matter。

 you can say anything as long as you're willing to keep talking no matter what as long as you keep a good sense of humor about it。

 Also， if you want to other ridiculous things is find a funny meme。

 like a funny phrase from a meme and go use that as your opener or find a funny line from a movie that you like and go use that as your opener。

 It doesn't matter what it is， just go say something fun， funny and ridiculous as your opener。

 The key thing here is it needs to be funny to you。

 What we're practicing is lowering the criteria for what comes out of your mouth。

 releasing from the outcome and truly， truly selfammusing。

 Tru bringing your own fun rather than relying on her for the fun。 so do something ridiculous。

And don't worry if it gets you blown out。 Don't worry if it's received poorly。

 Just worry that you had fun with it。 That's the only victory we're seeking。

 As with a lot of these drills。 This is a process oriented drill rather than a results oriented drill。

 If you get the process right， the results will come。 Fi exercise I'm gonna give you。

 And this is another sort of advanced one is you have to go out for a day Game as per normal。

 There is only one restriction。 And that restriction is you are not allowed to ask questions。

 can tell stories， make statements， swear， make animal noises。 dance and be silent， whatever it is。

 but you're not allowed to ask questions。 The idea here is that a lot of guys go into an interaction and they're a value taker。

 They're asking the girl all about herself， asking her to provide all the interesting things in the conversation。

And that's what happens when you're asking questions。 right， Ques means。

 please tell me something interesting。 When you make a statement。 Now you're saying。

 here's what's interesting。 Here's my opinion。 Here's my perspective。

 So you're really conveying your personality and the interaction。 Okay。

 and you're also being more dominant and more of a leader， which， as we know。

 are alpha male qualities。 Okay， so that's the drill， go out for an entire day。

 you are not allowed to ask questions。 Now， if you do ask a question。 That's fine。 Don't like。

 know beat yourself up over it。 Just recognize that you did and then continue the interaction。

 Not asking questions from then on。