# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：4. 如何让她立即想要你：4 如何让她立即想要你家庭练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are some at home exercises you can do to make her instantly want you we're basically going to do in these exercises is simulate verbal formats modes of speaking that are very likely to get a girl attracted to you very likely to get a girl's attention very likely to get her chasing you and we're going to do this is by making it about her making it something that is polarizing making it something that is either value or of a threat to her so these are just formats where almost any words you use within this type of speech is of that nature and will have that effect and as we go through these there will again as in the previous section there will be certain ones which require input so for that we're going to turn to television。

 YouTube or in this case we can use magazines for some as well but we're gonna need some external input for a couple of girls as well whereas some of them you'll be able to do just completely by yourself。

First drill we're gonna do。 There are two very similar drills。

 So we're just gonna kind introduce them together。 The first is called sex with me as like。

 And the second is called I like my woman Like I like my coffee。

 And the way these work is you're gonna fill in a word。

 and then you're going to use sort of like a word association to turn a completely non-sual object into something sexual。

 So， for example， sex with me as like。 If we' were to use the word， say roller coaster。

 say sex with me is like a roller coaster goes up and down and up and down and up and down。

 go you could say sex with me is like a roller coaster， if you ride it long enough sooner or later。

 you're gonna puke or you could say sex with me is like a roller coaster。

 there picture is being taken of you and you least expect it or sex with me is like a roller coaster。

 you ride and you ride and you write and eventually you get off。Et cetera， et cetera。

 So any of these reasons why sex could be like a roller coaster， Does that make sense。

Next one is I like women like I like my coffee。 again， you're using an object。

 You say I like my woman like I like my coffee hot and black and strong。

 I like my women like I like my coffee imported from Colombia。

 I like my woman like I like my coffee available in every street corner， etcter， etc， etcter。

 and obviously you can use different words for any of these you could use you know sex with me as like a chair。

 I like my women like I like my cars， whatever it is。

 you can use any word you like What I would encourage you to do doing this exercise at home on your own。

 is try and challenge yourself to just come up with as many as you possibly can rapid fire without pausing without hesitating。

 etc， and just kind of let loose your brain and get your brain used to this sort of freeas。

 Just start the sentence and let your brain try and finish it over and over again。

 Once you get to a point where you run out of things to say on a particular topic you can't come up with one anymore。

 or you repeat or you say something just isn't making any sense anymore。Change the word and repeat。

 So if you ran out of ideas for sex with me as like a chair。

 Now you can be sex with me as like a lamp or a remote control or whatever else。

 For the rest of the exercise in this section， we're gonna use some form of multimedia input to give us sort of a catalyst an idea to start the drill with。

 So we're gonna to use either television YouTube or in the case of the next drill only we could actually use a magazine。

 And the format for the next drill is。 you're so X is just like Y。 what we call a mini cold read。

 but you're so X it's just like Y。 you're so cute。 you're like my little sister。 You're so fat。

 you're like consumer wrestler。 You're so colorful。 you're like Marx Brothers movie。

 I notice how that one didn't even make sense。 It's totally fine。

 I actually it made the opposite of sense。 The point is it doesn't matter what you spit out into these formulas。

 It's just that you follow the formula。 If someone says to you， anything almost thats the formula。

 you're so X is's just like why。 you're so attentive。 It's just like you're in love with me。

 It automatically makes you go inside your head。It makes you think about yourself。

 It makes you slightly selfconscious。 And that is going to make you reactive And the person who's more reactive to the other in the interaction is usually the person of lower value。

 which makes the other person the one of higher value。 That that's what you're doing basically。

 it's a good way to make the person introspective。 Put them in their head。

 It's a great way to lead the conversation。 It can also be fun， funny and interesting as well。

 Next exercise we're gonna to do is called that's a lie。 And for this you're gonna to use television。

 YouTube， something like that to give you the idea of what we're working with。

 And the role we're playing in this drill is the role that you are a supercomputer from somewhere in the universe that knows everything。

 So any statements you make are with absolute conviction。 It's not。

 I think this it' it's rigorously proven that this or it's not my opinion is this it's like this is a fact。

 there is no doubt at all。 No wavering。 You want to have a strong frame。 So what you're gonna do。😊。

Watch a TV show， watch a YouTube channel， whatever。Let them make a couple sentences of statements。

 And you're gonna jump in here and say that's a lie。

 And then you're going to jump in and say something with absolute conviction。

 If it's something that makes sense， Great， if it's something that's totally outrageous and out there。

 also fine， the only thing is whatever you say you have to say it with conviction。 So for example。

 if you were watching a cooking show And they said we put the green beans in because the green beans make it healthy。

 You could be like that's a lie。 actually green beans as healthy things is a conspiracy created by the United States Farmers Association make sense。

 something that tells you that or you could watch cartoon。

 we have to go down to the meadow that's a lie。 actually。

 the meadow is an enchanted valley where just make up whatever fact you want but you say it with absolute conviction。

 You want to go probably I don't know4 or five sentences with this just enough that you're clearly showing your opinion clearly telling some story clearly having a perspective。

 more than one or two sentences in any case。 going more than that really is not the best use of your time because you kind of major point。

 So at that point， I would say stop Listen to a few。Or sentences coming from TV， YouTube， whatever。

 And then jump back in。 That's a lie and go again。 The key thing here is your conviction level。

 absolutely everything you say is with utter belief in conviction。 Last drill for this section。

 and this is again using television， YouTube， whatever。

 And this is to learn push pulls push pull is basically a format where you're going to be giving compliments and insults of back and forth。

 So you might say you look really good in that shirt。

 but it's too bad you're overweight or you might say， you know I really love that look on your face。

 it means you're very smart or constipated。 I'm not sure which something like that。

 So it's very positive in the negative or you can go negative positive like know I absolutely hate those pants。

 but you kind pull them off you're in really good shape。

 So you can go negative positive or positive negative So what you're gonna do for this drill is watch someone on TV YouTube etc。

 And what I want you to do is you can actually change the channel Like change the channel。

 And when you see the first character on the screen。

 I want you to say the first thing that you think about that character。 Don't edit it。 Don't censor。

Just spit out the first thing you think。 And then if the first thing is negative。

 you want to follow it up with a positive statement。 If the first thing is positive。

 you want to follow it up with a negative statement。

 So that way you're organically creating a push pull when you get to advanced levels this what I would actually encourage you to do is do multiple push pulls。

 So you might do a push pull， push pull or a pull push， pull push so thatd be negative statement。

 positive statement negative positive just get in the habit once you get to an advanced level a game。

 you should really be at a point where at any moment you could give a negative expression or give a positive expression and it's almost unconscious。

 It just comes supernat to because when you have that tool in your arsenal。

 you can instantly calibrate at any point。😊。