# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：7. 如何获得一个号码：1 获得她的电话号码并不是为了电话号码【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

AndNext up， let's talk about how to get a girl's number。

 And before I talk about how to get a girl's number。

 let's first talk about why to get a girl's number。 Now， for a lot of you。

 it may seem obviously like I want to get a number because like that's a successful interaction。

 or I want to get a number because that's how you get to the date， etc ce。

 And that's partially true But what I want to indicate first is understand that the phone number is not the primary objective。

 You should not go into talking with a girl hoping to get a phone number or thinking of that as the outcome you have in mind。

 The real outcome you have in mind is ideally taking the girl home right then and there。

 or maybe taking to go on an instant date and then home right then in there。

 because if you get a phone number， you follow up with a date。

 you're gonna have to spend a certain amount of time with the girl anyway。

 You may as well spend that time with her right there when you and her are present in that moment。

 you avoid a lot of flakiness。 You'll avoid a lot of bullshit avoid potentially getting into the dating frame and going on multiple date to avoid。

Lo of things that get in your way。 if you just continue the action then and interaction right then in there。

 However， a lot of people are so into taking the set and creating a victory out of it。

 that they end up getting the phone number， which is the small victory instead of pulling。

 which is the bigger victory。 They're so so keen to I think a lot of guys when they go in and start talking with a girl。

 their objective is just to feel good about the interaction。

 feel like she likes me and I achieve something。 And when you go when you get a phone number。

 you can convince yourself that she liked you and you achieve something。

 but a lot of times that victory is actually a failure to have tried for something more。

 So understand that understand that the ideal is not the phone number。

 Also understand that the objective when getting a phone number is not to get 10 digits in your phone is to have a girl somewhere out there in the world who is deeply interested in seeing you。

 So the phone number itself isn't the result that you're looking for the phone number is a byproduct of that result。

 But the result is the girl who's deeply into you。So you want to make sure that you not just get phone numbers。

 but get solid， good phone numbers that are going to lead to dates。 Okay。

 so what leads to a solid phone number。 There are a few criteria that are important。

 First is she has to see value in you。 And ideally。

 she should see either's so much value in you or she should see value in you in such a way that she views continuing the interaction with you as a win。

 Okay， not as a loss。 It shouldn't be a situation。 where it's like， oh， he's kind of cute。 He。

 you know， talk to me in flirted with me。 And if I might give in and go with him if I have nothing better to do。

 That's not a very good outcome。 The best outcome is this guy's amazing。

 I really want to see him again。 I hope he calls me。

 I really hope that he likes me enough to call me because I really want to see him。

 I'm really invest in this because we have something special or because he's just like the hottest best guy or whatever other reason。

 Okay， so you want that deep motivation behind it。In order for that to happen。

 you need to a either be very high value or B， have a plot line or have some sort of dynamic or some sort of like narrative in the set that allows her。

 excuse me， that allows her to believe that you are very， very special。

 The second thing that's gonna help is if she believes that she is special to you。

 She believes is genuine。 She doesn't want to be just the next notch on your bed post。

 She doesn't want to be the girl that like you had the outcome of picking her up and you succeeded in picking her up。

 She wants to be the girl who won you over in some way shape perform form。

 And that's why qualification is so important。 Now。

 we haven't really addressed qualification so far in this， in this course。

 So I'm going to address it a little bit here。😊，Qualification basically。

 is the idea that she earned you in some way， ideally some way other than just physical appearance。

 So if you walk up to her and you're like， hey， I like you， I think you're cute。

 What's your number and she gives you a number。🎼You don't know anything about her。 And she knows。

 you don't know anything about her。 So she knows it's just because of her physical appearance。

 And she knows that any other equally hot girl on the entire planet has just as good a chance with you as she does at that point。

 So it's not really that special to her。 But if on the other hand。

 you go and talk to her and you find it， oh， you're into this thing that I'm also into。

 that's really cool。 Oh， wait， you put yourself through school and did these other amazing things and have accomplished this。

 that in the other。Once you've found something special about her or once you've found a reason why there's chemistry between the two of you。

 now it's very easy for her to justify that it's special。

 and the interaction will mean a lot more to her。 especially even better yet is if it appears that at first you didn't like her that much or at first you weren't sure about her。

 And then she won you over because people always value the things they earn more than the things that are given to them。

 so this is a basic idea or a basic view of the idea of qualification。 It's so， so。

 so important that you qualify at least a little bit when getting a number So much so that like if I'm getting a phone number。

 I say I only have 30 seconds， I can't even have a real interaction as I'm getting the number。

 I'll be like， wait， wait， do live near this part of the city and they'll like yeah， I' like okay。

 cool， then maybe we could hang out。 Okay cool， that's not a really great qualifier。

 but at least I qualified them in some way。 at least I got some kind of confirmation it could work out And that in and of itself will make things a little bit more solid。

 So the more that you can appear like a win to her。

 the more you can be super high value and the more that you can qualify。😊，By。

 the more solid the number is going to be。