# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：3. 如何开始一场对话：3 如何开始一场对话内场分解【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So now what I'm going to do is I'm gonna to show you a variety of different opening situations where the girl is walking towards me。

 walking away from me， sitting down， sort of a range of different things you might encounter。

 so you can see how I handle all of them。 Let's check it out right now， Hey。Hey。

Yeah hey over here hi how are you come on come on I love absolutely no， no no。

 don't go anywhere just two seconds， two seconds， two seconds。

 two seconds I gotta go to but I love your look and I had to say hi to you and find out。

If you're as cool。As look。Suggs I'm about I'm so sorry that I'm in a that's cool actually I'm actually meeting friends too。

 but if I had 30 seconds to find out if you're a cool person， like what's your story？He， excuse me。

 Hi Are you from actually， I don't even care。 I don't even know why ask that you're very cute。

 Thank you Todd nice to meet you Todd Yes， sorry， I thought you had like I thought have this is gonna be really creepy。

 Have you ever like shaking someone's hand and then they have like two fingers or something like that。

 I thought you just did that to me I wasm like Oh anyway， what's your name。😊，Yeah， you are。

 you're quite cute。 Thank you。 What are you doing right this exact second of your life talk you now。

 but I like the second answer。 That means you're literal and smart。Hey， hey。

 you are way too fast for me normally on on that thing， but I have to meet you I'm side my meet you。

Well now you have the most adorably like sort of like flustered but innocent thing going on。Well。

 you shouldn't be so arrogant just meeting a guy， I mean， I think you're getting everything。Hello。

 pardon me， pardon me， I'm sorry you're walking very。

 very fast I've never had to be this like aerobically fit to talk to a girl before。

 Who are you you have a good sense of humor though。I。Im Todd， Todd， that is correct。

 I admire your sense of purpose。And your。Colorful attire， so I had to find out more about it。

 Are you just walking down the street Yeah， while I was walking。It should be completely fair。

 I was walking to go find my friends。 I saw you， and I had to run after you and say hi。

 because I don't know like something about your looking intrigued me。Couldn't tell you what。

 but it's just， you know。You know why not， where are you heading on right now？the beach。Hello。哎，一个。

I don't know， I love your love。That's say hiding。I'm taught this man。Yes。

Where are you British or Australian Australian？I never it takes me a few words to figure that one out。

So you come all the way from Australia to Vegas， you're at this conference。

 are you having fun as well or are you just like being a work person？

Just while the conference design， everyone's like， yeah。なんだけ。Really。I am from New York。

 but I live here now。In Vegas I should live here so Im like guys like I you guys invaded my living room basically I actually like live in this building so。

And what do you do？I'm a public speaker。Ex。Ideally。

 the type that like helps people to make their lives there， you know， I'm not a good。

That's really I love skiing。How long have you been doing that for？I don't know， like 12， 13 years。

It seems like forever， basically， how old are you， you're very like I'm 221， I was going to say。

I am 33。As I said， you seem like。You seem very mature， but very young at the same time。真的问你 take开。

Thiss what it is， It's just honest。So youre like between inspections right now。Sorry。

 they went shopping tonight。What kind of woman are you， be like all responsible， not shopping？No。

 it's because I spent life。Sorry much。So I was like， I really shouldn't。Oh， but you should。

 how often you in Vegas。But I'm staring in。Three months。We leave Vegas on。And then we're going to。

I was sta。do you go out when they're like， are you the type person that goes out。

 are you the type person that like stays in？Don don't mind going out。But， I'm not。

Pss to go on every single。When you go to Santa Monica， I after to go in a second。

 when you go to Santa Monica， you should check out a club called bungalow。

When you go to Santa Monica， you should check out a club called Bgalow。

Bunggalow like a little likeancy on the beach bungalow。 Now， as you watch all of those。

 notice how I'm applying the general principles of opening。

 I'm assuming the burden and continuing to talk where necessary。 I am being loud and you know。

 making sure that I get their attention， those types of things。 And I am offering value。

 I'm not just asking them a lot of questions， I'm either making statements， given my opinions。

 or when I do ask questions， at least ask more interesting questions than where you from。

 What do you do。 All right， So take those lessons， go ahead and watch the sets over and over again at your leisure。

 learn from them and use those as good examples that you can follow。

