# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：4. 如何让她立即想要你：3 如何让她立即想要你内场分解【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So I'm gonna show you some interesting examples of situations where I had to work a little bit either to hook the set or to get the girl attracted to me。

 I'm going show you two situations where the girls open in a very negative way。

 and I have to turn it around。 One situation of a girl that gives me a ton of shit test that I have to plow through。

 and then I'm gonna give you a couple situations where its I'm past the open a little bit。

 but I'm just being generally attractive。 All I'm just conveying attractive qualities to get the girl into me to get the girl chasing one of which is a very high energy example and one of which is a lower energy example。

 So you get the whole range of experiences。 Allright， so let's have a look at those sets right now。😊。

一。Heいオッ。That's a little it was a little， little extreme。Hi， hi there hi I'm Sam' time。

 nice to meet you。系要喂。catch your name。 I you just got the shriek。 I'm sorry， who are you。

Nice meet you so。So all like jumping three feet near side。

 I thought you guys had really elegant looks about you and I wanted to come so how to you guys because we looked very classy posh and then you took that whole classy posh thing and went three feet near with it which me was going at。

Right weve seen each other a long time。Were like， okay right。

 hey stop two seconds left because I have to go to him。

 but stop two seconds and talk to the cute boy， okay， just because who are you？

You guys are freaking me out now okay， like seriously take a breath， it's okay I have problem。

I'm I'm sorry'm sorry I'm sorry。You know， very overwhelming and stuff， but w。

 really put your eye topat。You know， I'm down for adventure when are you visiting？Am I visiting。

 do you have an accent？I live here now I just moved to New York actually。

You didn't read tear right out。I'm。嗯你知啊。唱嘅。太南山。Like it's actually like more like China I'm going game what do you do What do I let's my God stay seriously because I have to go to Okay。

 how do you guys know each other you guys are super adorable together I want to have like a collective crush basically you're getting pushed right now Wow。

'll have then right Collect approach and two girls。

I actually wasn't even going I try I have this policy of trying not to get sexual with people in the first two months of knowing them I try and actually get to know a person first I know it's an old fashioned appropriate E in a we have to go to okay so your English here what are you American you're American Okay Irish English are you American Irish？

I'm Irish， but I'm from America Okay， so I do want to have a crush in the book but you guys very。

Thank you you have feisty expressions though， like she's like full trouble。あ。

so what's this from your right try back really honestly your hands are than mine。

Ill pick you fory first， okay， so long。I wish I had more than 30 seconds to actually properly get to know you guys because you do seem quite fun and interesting so what I want to do is I want you guys to come out。

And have a drink with me and my friends at some point。 Okay okay， okay。

 we'll give you your number Okay， well what's your， we'll do that。You what your name。 Tod。

 nice to meet your time。Yeah。All right once second， what's second， one a second？He。

 there's so much shouting in this。I have a deather on here。How could I forget， Okay。

 I will I will text you my name in a minute， have fun。

No sorry I I to introduce myself by stepping on your foot。

 how do you feel about that I like to impose myself on the interaction very quickly you know。

 I got to make the mark。I like that I like the general witticism and feistiness of this this little small entourage we have still in the middle I know we were just like stopping should take like a quarter of a step this way we' be all good you come we're gonnactuate this shit there you go back to the right now everyone find a door you can't be sitting down're to the door because if someone comes behind you unless you've got a mirror's mirror we need to this。

You guys know way too much about this， you really do I'm a little concerned actually I'm sorry that just he was just trying to make a joke and you took a。

I think in general， with all of us， let's not take things too far let's take things very slow and I'm very shy。

 so whats you namem Todd nice to meet you To Tod Todd Todd Todd Todd pleasure。

Nice to meet you guys You guys are very cool You guys are fun so far you don't really know it。I mean。

 I don't I don't want to make gross generalizations that might later be proven false。 Okay。

 right know， you like the full like like thought out version of that is thus far based on the extremely limited interaction I've had with you and my general perception based on inherent stereotas on your attire and carriage。

 You seem like you potentially could be relatively cooler than the average chicks。 Wow。

W whyF the good it feeling good help。I like this one。I really look that great， like cool， he it look。

I mean， from the general perception of the pursuit。something。 I look Yes， Go it cool。 liked it。

 liked what I heard。 didn't know to okay， so obviously you what to eat that in a second。

 but like what's your plan for the next， you know， hour or so Heyyy I know I know I know。

 hey I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry it's just It's just me not Christ just I'm sorry。

 I'm sorry I'm sorry's a extreme。 Hey， just taught nice to meet you meet you you are。😊，And。

I wanted to tell you guys that you're absolutely adorable。

 I'm sorry that the main means in which I got your attention was a little shock。

 but no I noticed that it's like it was totally fine。

 but I just want you guys just live here or you okay， absolutely lovely。😊。

I just wanted a couple seconds slash maybe minutes All right to meet you and find out if you're as cool as your looks suggest where do work what do I work I run a business here in town do you run？

I'm a public speaker， so I do like life coach and self hoping here and self help speaking。

 and then I travel to other cities on the weekends and do out there。

Just making sure you were a host for boatr host promote I'm not upseelling anything right now I'm not trying to bring you to any if I were to try and bring you to a clothing because I'm there and I'd like to see you there myself personally not because of me getting paid for your head so to speak's good I know you guys probably get that a lot when you're outhu。

Yeah， okay， far enough。 feel like I another。 You know exactly how that works。 No， no， no。

 The only thing I have to offer is love， affection and friendship。😊，That's all I got。Sorry。

 just the wholesome what that' you want that would have been funny actually that would been okay though because that would be like a good story for my day be like。

 you know what， this hit me It is what it is That would have been chill though That's what it is Yeah。

 but no I'm curious about you。哎，这个东西。I absolutely adore your look。

It's a very like sort of like casual workout sheet， if you will。You are very welcome。

And you' were very expressive as well on time， were you？咩是你。You I mean。

 to be fair a stranger so who knows， but you seem cool。Thank you。Well， thank you， I mean， you know。

 it's a lot for me so fast so I'm very shy。But did you just come from the jammer， I did。 Very nice。

It I you know， changed， but。Oh thank you。 look at you。

 you have an eye for fashion on top of everything else who knew are you from？I was not born。

Yeah years。And you live here now。点系。You're newer than man。I've been here too。R from Colorado。

 moved here from New York though。Yeah， I love it actually， I don't know well， New York's a very hot。

 dirty city this time of year， but has amazing people。Exactly。So when you can。

You lose out on some of the culture， Are you like missing it。Definitely different。

I feel like in New York you meet like attractive people and then you're like。

 what do you do and they're like，" oh I do this ambitious cool thing and here you're like you meet ambitious cool people like。

" well you know。St around and look cute。I mean， that's not what they say。

 but it's some form of occupation where that's essentially what the job is。Sounds about right though。

So do you stand around and look， you， did I just like vaguely insult you or are you？Yeah， I。

like that。No you really don't， you really don't trust me， like you think you do。

 but you really don't。No， I'm， I'm。H讲。Like。She wants to be very organized Well I try to be I'm trying to。

I define my work。See， I'm a disaster in that area。 I run like three small businesses。

 but essentially I have people who are on payroll just to keep me organized because I'm so bad And once I can actually get to that point。

 which hopefully is within this。I will have that person， really。I need to do that。It's a lot。

What kind of what industry are you？Like self held， motivational speaking， life coaching。

 that kind of stuff。 So think you know， like Tony Robbins。

 think like if he were completely not politically correct。That would be。 Yeah。

 so less rich and famous， but also way less politically correct。 I like to be like， cut the bullshit。

 I'm just gonna like， be honest with you。That's。Life， like life。Health， wealth， relationships。

 higher purpose， self acceptance。Be happier。Make more money。So what brought you to？Airplane。

I was sorry I would ask， can I go it for a minute？What are you doing here today， actually。

 you're just like getting lemons？You have like a bag of lemons。H happyapp Father's Day。哦。

You are just all sweeters today。Like legitimateally， I came over here and I was like。

I probably will hate this girl， but she's elegant and she going to have to talk to her and now you're being also。

 why would you do this to me？B it。The search for healthy food。Yeah， I need。

This is going to sound really ready for me to be all po Fufo。

I have someone who normally does my shopping for me but he messed up and gave me like rotten blueberries so I have to pick up some of my own groceries right now so yeah he got me like tubs of like moldy blueberries I'm like I can't eat this。

I think trader Joes or something it was a reputal place they just like， I don't know。

Maybe he left him in the trunk of his car too long and that did it here in Vegas。Anyway。

 so I'm here to just pick up a couple odds of ends。I' heres me if you believe in things like that。

You have the most adorable smile right now， actually， although you are blushing a little。

 which is good。很感受。Actually work in a profession， actually work out。

What am I going to hate about you down the door let's just get out of the way now so I can not start to like you。

Do nothing on。Yeah， Ryan。Maiiah you were just sitting in the cockiest manner that I've ever seen anyone sit in my entire lifeiest I don't know。

 it's almost hard to like just like lean back， feed up。

 like wave some palm friends on me and make my day It was like Arnold Schwarzenegger meets Maahri。

I'm just listening to music。🎼はい， hiい。Wow， very business like， Yeah I get that a lot。Really，Cool。

 who are you， I'm Todd， who are you？Just a boy。I think I'm special。

 but I leave that open to your judgment。 I try not to sell myself。 I am。 just walking through。

Sping if your friends told you to come over here or something。Now I don't have any friends。

 I'm very shy。I highly that that。Well， I'm not shy。

 but I don't have any friends I'm just obnoxious so I like I make them all go away don't worry I seem charming at first。

 but like it goes away quickly fades you what。Aharming。Sure， why not interesting， Are you charming？

I think that's objective。Yeah， for me as well， I mean not everybody's into you know intelligent。

 successful charismatic sexy boys， so if that's not your type， then I'm not Ka charming。

Fair enough Sha we just go with that instead of doing names， let's just be like charming a coffee。

 let's not ruin this with like names and facts。Do you do this a lot do what might go up and talk to random girls Oh done I'm very shy。

You're a liar， you're a cock liar。What should I do for a living as a hockey liar。

 I you to figure it out be a lawyer， a lawyer， thought about that but it such a cliche。

 what are you What am I really about it？🎼Wow， so much。 so much。 I'll talk you for a minute。

 I have to go it a little bit。 buts not so bad。 So as you watch those。

 you probably notice some tactics。 you notice like the push pull lines， Min cold reads。

 passing shit test those kind of things。 But the biggest thing I want you to realize。

 And it's something that you might overlook。 If you're looking too hard of the techniques is notice the vibe。

 Notice how I'm having fun。 I'm not getting emotionally affected。 That's the key criteria。

 All the techniques in the world are great， but notice the vibe throughout。

 Not how I'm never flustered。 I never care that much。 All right， because I do want the set to go。

 Well， I do care about getting the girl。 I want to have sex。

 but I do realize there's an abundance of women， and there will always be another one of my mess up。

 So it's really not that big of a deal。😊。