# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：10. 如何带女孩回家：4 如何带女孩回家内场练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are some exercises to help you with taking a girl home。 And before I get into the exercises。

 let me preface where these come from。Essential， there are two mistakes guys make with trying to take girls home。

 One is they never pull the trigger。 They just talk and talk and talk and never make a move。

 never ask the girl to go anywhere with them。 That's mistake number one。

 mistake number two is they do make an attempt。 but they make the attempt way too like forced。

 It's like normal conversation， normal conversation。

 no mention of going anywhere and then boom like an anvil in a cartoon。

 it just drops it just like doesn't make sense in that context where it's too much too fast。

 There's no sort of lead into it。 So all of these exercise are going to teach you the lead in to taking a girl home so that the actual move of taking your home becomes super。

 super， super natural。First exercise is you're going misinterpret everything that you possibly can。

 Everything she says that you could treat as a compliment， treat as a compliment。

 Everything she says that you could treat as a sexual advance， treat it as a sexual advance。

 Everything that she says that you could misinterpret as her trying to take you home。

 Try and misinterpret it as her trying to take you home。 So for example， if you're talking to girl。

 and she's like， oh， I have to go home。 You're like， no， no， no， no， no， you can't take me home。

 we just met， we gotta take this。 I mean， I like you。 but like， let's take it slow。 right。

 Or if she goes like， you're very strange。 Youll be like。I appreciate that you like me。

 but seriously， like let's just get to know each other as friends first。

 You can misinterpret St as turned on Whatever she says。

 misinterpret obnoxiously as she likes you is good。 It's a sexual advances even better。

 She wants to take you home is even better and actually be obnoxious with this。

 Allow yourself to go a little bit over the top because most guys have interaction after interaction after interaction that's ready to go home with them。

 and they never make a move。 I would rather you err on the side of being a little obnoxious and finding out。

 getting resistance and pulling back than not trying。 And this drill， by the way。

 it'll work okay off the open。 but it'll work really well。

 if you set like a time frame of like starting 10 minutes into the set。

 I'm going to start misinterpreting everything or starting once she starts to qualify herself to me。

 et cea， ceter。 Once things are already going a little bit well。 If you start doing this。

 then it will really， really work and really be effective and you'll start to occasionally like get girls going home with you that you didn't even think anything was gonna happen。

 It'll it'll really。first right， so really work on your misinterpretation。

 that's exercise number one。Exercise number two is move the girl around as much as possible。

 Just start moving her pointlessly。 If you're standing on a street corner。

 Take her over to the park bench or take her in for a coffee， or if you've taken it for coffee。

 then take her for a quick walk or if if you're on the beach。

 take her to the park park to the beach Just move her around as much as possible。

 Don't even worry about getting home yet， just worry about moving and moving and moving establishing the precedent that she's going places with you that you're leading so just try and move the girl around。

 Just make it a habit that your sets are in motion。 And this will do two things。

 One it gets you closer to pulling2 it makes the pickup feel a lot less like a pickup。

 which is a much better vibe to have overall Last exercise I want you to do is what I call seed the pull from the first minute So I want you from as soon as you get in indication she likes you at all again。

 she's asking you questions， qualifying yourself giggling anything like that。

 I want you to start seeding the pull。 So you start dropping hints about things you could do later hints about cool things you have back at your house。

 Don't say your house， but。sAbout cool things that you could do。

 or I want you to draw hints about the idea that she'd be a fun person to hang out with and go on an adventure with whatever way you phrase it。

 I want you to start dropping that into the conversation in subtle ways very early on。

 and a quick tip on this。 It's good to say it the negative。 So you'll be like， oh， this would be fun。

 But you know we can't do that yet。 I just met you。 or it's too bad that we can't do X， Y Z。

 that sort of stuff。 you can hint at it in the negative。 So it's not putting too much out there。

 It's not an overt offer。 she can say no to， but you're starting to like put out the idea that you could do something with her。

 You could go somewhere with her。 She could come home with you。

 You're putting that into the set as early as humanly possible。 So that's the exercise。 And again。

 all of these are a little bit forced and convoled because you're overdoing the steps。 However。

 all the steps that these exercise will teach you are the exact steps you're gonna need to learn in order to pull the girl home to your place effectively over and over again。

