# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：1. 夜间游戏和白天游戏的区别：1 《白天成功》的游戏【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Before we delve too deeply into the intricate technical details of day game pickup。

 I want to draw a distinction between what you do in day game and what you do in night game because a lot of guys experience and pickup has been night game。

 It's been going out Friday and Saturday， getting drunk with their friends and hitting on girls in this sort of like chunk of time that's their bubble of hit on girl time。

 day game is a little different than that in the sense that it's something that's available to you 247 every time you leave the house is a potential day game opportunity every time you go to the office every time you go to the gym So it's something that's there at all times and in a lot of ways that's incredible because it means there's infinite possibilities and it's just bringing itself to your life without interfering or getting in the way of anything else you're doing In another sense。

 though this can be difficult for guys because they're used to getting like revved up and amped up and having this like I'm in pickup mode sort of a thing。

 So day game is gonna to require you to be a little bit more of like sort of just the boss in life walking through your life in the right way and with the right momentum and the right attitudes which is actually gonna benefit。

Massively in the long run。 but at the same time， you have to understand that when you're doing pickup in one chunk of time。

 you have this opportunity to build momentum and have one set kind of like go directly into the other attitude wise and energy wise and that sort of thing in day game you may not have that And so your performance in the first few sets or your performance in a given set might not be quite your absolute optimal performance。

 And if you get down on yourself when you're not at your absolute best every single time you're gonna create a situation where you start hating to do day game。

 you don't want to do it， you get afraid that kind of stuff whereas if you can just be a little forgiving of yourself and understand it's okay to do a bad approach that part of the purpose of game is to have fun rather than just to like get the result with this particular girl right now。

 if you can take that mentality it's going to help you tremendously to keep a good attitude。

 keep doing it and that's going to translate over to your sets。

 So the guys that can just keep that happy fun non-judgmental mentality and find something fun or funny in the sets that they're doing as they go are the guys who will do the best at。

Okay so I really want to encourage that mentality。 Take the pressure off yourself。

 Every set doesn't have to be great。 Just do the best you can try and live your life in such a way that you're being social a bit that you're you're feeling good about yourself and your life and you're happy with the path you're on because that's gonna to help And then the other thing that really helps is to have sort of a standard for yourself have sort of like you know if I see a girl。

 I've made a commitment to myself， I'm gonna do it。

 I made a commitment that my criteria for success is I did it and I did the best I can not that I necessarily ran the best approach that I necessarily got a particular result because that's the only thing you can control your goal should be focused on things you can control。

 So that mentality super， super hypercritical。 If you get that mentality down。

 you will have a tremendous amount of fun with day game and youll get great with it if you're putting a ton of pressure on yourself and requiring yourself for emotional reasons to do every set well。

 you're gonna start hat day game and you're gonna miss out on tons and tons of opportunities for sex。

With regards to all this in particular， there's this huge paradox， not just in day game。

 but in game in general of freedom from outcome versus intent。

 and intent is the idea that you're going after something， you have a goal。

 you're willing to make it manda women。 You're willing to take some social risks。

 assume some awkwardness and you are going for it。 You're trying for a result。

 And that's important because a lot of guys are way too platonic。

 way too passive and never make a move。 It's one of the biggest mistakes in game。 On the other hand。

 you want to be free from outcome with any particular girl， if you're too needy。

 if you're too like clingy。 if you're too worried about what she's thinking about you。

 that kind of thing it's gonna hold you back， it's gonna put you in your head etc。

 so has been one of the great paradox is in game for a really long time which is how do you have intent while remaining free from outcome。

 And my particular solution to it is I think a unique one which is I don't try to be free from outcome at all。

 I don't care to。 I'm extremely outcome dependent。 I'm extremely competitive。

 I grew up my entire life as。A soccer player， a chess player。

 professional poker player for quite a while。 so I'm extremely competitive。

 and I'm extremely outcome oriented。 I want to win。

 But the thing is I change my focus to a positive one。 So when I walk up to a girl。

 what do I consider winning。 What is my criteria for a win It's not did she fuck me It's not did I get a number's did I go over in like the best way I knew I could without hesitation and bring the best self I had in that moment Now if the best self I had in that moment is like a stuttering sputtering idiot then that's fine。

 I accept that maybe I'll learn in other ways how to make you know through my life and through the skills I have make it less of an idiot next time。

 but I will consider that a success because I stepped up and did the best I could in that moment。

 and I know that if I do the best I can over and over again I will get a great result So even when I was 18 years old and I sucked it pickup if I went and I was nervous and shy and anxious and I went over and talk to a girl and it completely fl。

I was proud of myself because here's the thing。I hadn't rejected myself， right。

 I trusted myself and did the best I could。 And that's my criteria for success。

 And so I am extremely outcome dependent towards that result。 if I go do my best。 I'm very， very。

 very happy。 If I do anything less than my best。 I am so pissed at myself。 I am so angry at myself。

 I feel so much like pain and shame over that， that I know damn well。

 I'm going to do it the next time， and then when I do it the next time。

 I'm happy and proud of myself because I knew how tough it was。

 and I give myself credit for what I've done Okay so I personally don't believe in being outcome independent in terms of like not caring you have to care。

 if you didn't care at all， you just sit and look at the girl and not approach her， like to be fair。

 if you're completely outcome independent， you completely didn't care if she liked you。

 you wouldn't even approach So you approach not to get the girl not to get a result。

 you approach for the right reason。 You approach because it's better for your soul to approach because it's part of your personal growth and your personal process。

 The other thing I want to point out。About this。 And this is good about good thing about goal setting in general is that any goal should be something that is an intrinsic goal。

 something you have control over。 So understand this。

 you cannot control whether someone else likes you you cannot empirically control that what you can do is you can go over and have good behaviors and good personality so that on a high percentage basis they're likely to like you but any one particular person may or may not like you Even 15 years in the game。

 I cannot guarantee I walk over any one girl and get her I can't guarantee that。

 but what I can guarantee is my game is good enough in my process is good enough that if I walk up to a few different girls and over a few days I'm gonna have a lot of beautiful girls in my life So that's what I can guarantee because I'm gonna to do the right things and I follow the process on a percentage basis I'm gonna to get a lot of positive results but you can't guarantee every single one and if you make getting one particular result your outcome or what you want you're gonna be very happy and also you're gonna be actually hindering your ability to get that result because you're gonna be attached and the girl is gonna。

That neediness coming off of you okay so that's my philosophy on intent versus freedom from outcome I'm incredibly intentful。

 I am not outcome free at all， but I have the right outcomes I have self-directed outcomes that are process oriented as opposed to extrinsic motivations that are results oriented and because of that I can have drive at all times without it actually hurting or affecting my game。

One other thing that's very important in terms of mentality of day。

 which is unrelated to what I said， but so， so， so important is you need to believe it's possible。

 you need to believe in yourself。If you've never done cold approach。

 you need to believe that getting a girl's number following up on dates， taking your home。

 et ceter is possible。 And when you watch my infield。

 hopefully that will show you that it's possible。 but also when you start getting results pay attention to those results latch onto them focus on the positives。

 focus on the things that are proof that it is possible for you because knowing that it's possible in an esoteric way is different than knowing it's possible viscerally inside of yourself。

 The other thing though， especially for guys that are maybe intermediate。

 you may have this mentality that like going out and getting a girls number in the daytime is fine and normal。

 but you may not have ever pulled a girl in daytime。 you may not have actually done any In day。

 take the girl home that kind of stuff because that tends to be a little more rare。

 know that that's possible as well and know that you can try for and know that you should also know that you don't have to be some master at game before you start getting those results I'll tell you a little story that happened to me。

 this actually a story from night game， but it's very applicable to day game which is I was teaching some students down in Australia and I had a guy assisting me who。

Way less good game than me。 not nearly the kind of game I have every time he and I were talking to girls together。

 the girls would give their attention to me and almost ignore him。

 but as I was teaching the students， he'd disappear and I'd be like where'd you go and he' be like yeah。

 I just fuck that girl in the bathroom like whoa what the fuck And then like he did it again the next night I just just fuck that girl in the bathroom。

 And the funny thing was at this point in my pickup career。

 I slept with a lot of girls hadd taken tons of girls home。

 but I'd never actually slept with a girl in a bathroom。

 and not that that's like the nicest cleanest place to sleep with a girl or whatever。

 but it' just an accomplishment。 it's something that that's in game。 and the reason I hadn't done it。

 I realized wasn't because this guy's game was better than mine。

 It's because he had it in his mind that that was a normal thing to do。

 and that was something that could be done whereas I'd never really even considered it。

 And so I just made it kind of a challenge to myself the next girl I talked to。

 I'm gonna go like sleep with her in the bathroom。 I basically almost did it the first time one shot one kill came very close and up actually taking her home and sleeping with her that night。

 And since then because it's been in my reality Ive。

Had a lot of like crazy sort of closes in random areas。 Okay so the point of that。

 I know that's this not like a day game thing， but the point of that is this。

 anything in life and anything in game。 if you believe it's possible， it will be very easy。

 it will tend to manifest。 you'll find the skills to make it possible。

 if you believe it's not possible， you'll find all the restrictions and all the reasons not to approach or not to try for it。

 Okay so believe it's possible。 And in particular， know that taking a girl home in the daytime is possible。

 I'm going demonstrate that for you in this product。 but I need you to know it for yourself as well。

 Okay so know that getting a number is possible， know that sleeping with a girl on a date is possible。

 know that taking your girl home straight away is also possible。 All right， it has happened。

 it will happen if your game is good enough and if you believe it it will happen for you。

