# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：5. 如何获得技能：3 如何获得一个号码内场演示【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So I'm to show you some examples of getting numbers。

 And there are a few key points that I want to just have you pay attention to。

 One is that I always assume that it's gonna happen as opposed to asking for it。

 It's always what's your number， or I'll text you or something like that。 It's not。

 can I have your number or would you like to give me your number， something like that。

 You're never asking you're telling and you're assuming that's very， very critical。

 And then also notice what I do in terms of know building a little comfort afterwards。

 qualifying the girl those kind of things that we talked about。 So have a look now。

 like that works in this country。Do you have telephone works in this country？

Let's do that and spontaneously we can talk on the phone and if it happens that at that time you have time and I have time。

Then we'll be friends and if not then we'll be trains that passed in the night then if we don't meet up。

 then we'll be trains that passed in the night。Have you heard that phrase no？

I did have had a phone once upon a time。OhHow important that you have two cell phones？

Are you in thefia， my sister arrived？you got to get going in a No， I think almost right now， Okay。

 what's your number real faster for？Now， it is2 seconds。Okay， cool， I'm calling you right now。

So when it goes through， save me， Todd， TDD，2D why don？

Well get in touch later and figure out if we're in the same area and if so。

 we'll meet up if not then。Who knows， maybe somewhere around the world？My number。

 your number in here。また。上。And Mary B just sent you a text message she talks to me way much。

Please don't tell her that。She's my neighbor， Rebecca。

So is there any reason for the city other than just to visit right now or No not right now I just I hadn't been back for a couple months。

 so I just moved back out of here December。Just missed everyone wanted to see。

Everyone I worked with and all my friends。Okay。So text on my stuff side it。

 I will let you know where we end up later tonight。So good。off school right now' Well I。

 I'm way back to school in the fall， I'm out of school temporarily。We I me back。咁系。

Soair enough fair enough， yeah， me know let me know where you go。

 I'll let you know where we go and whatever。来。as well hopefully I will always forever be the cutest ever if you ever meet a better man than me on the street Mary him been still but it doesn't exist so I'm sorry I'm sorry to' ruin street for you ever。

かす。这个。It's a lot of pressure。rightMy friend， she's。Anyways， yeah， let's do。

 we're probably going to a mansion tonight， just the guess do you have a car or something we can do numbers here。

Yeah you give a。没。I am too shirt。Almost dead living life on the edge， right？Yes。

 you're so adventurous， I'm impressed。Yeah。So you don't really have two kids， right？

Thatd be a little weird。Byい。别。はいので。It would be a little weird。Yes， six。Yeah。I care about that。

I don't know one year or two。团子。If I care about that。S0。Yeah。

 awesome as well youll talk absolutely Oh yeah， I'm not kidding about the motivation mean talk。

He told meNo， he didn't tell me he said he stins and I。I thought I didn't want to tell。

 but then she like kept， you know， I know all right？But it was's up， itll be。

For sure I will see you later I trust you you shouldn't， but I appreciate it。S me。Hello。I'm good。

 you look highly elegant。 really， you do actually Todd。That was quite the like intu。

Hiy how you doing about to pull out a chair into your skateboard I assume you got friends。

 nice to meet you Todd good to meet you very good to meet you。

local I am for the moment I'm here for this month yeah for just a little bit where you guys a little bit too where you guys headed right now we got to go to the mansion my sister worked there Oh we're going home。

I'm fairair enough we're actually going there later tonight but like late night though like for like yeah yeah。

 are you gonna be there for shit， you be there in a little bit or just for a little just for a little bit Okay。

's say what you got a bit Yeah all right I'll get in touch with you them I'm in time that long but I'll give you a ring let you know what' what's up Zle all right。

I want to here， just give me your number and then I'll text shoot you a text yeah， works。

 that's faster anyway， right？Whatりせ。to add contact。And then like once we're all getting ready。

 I'll shoot you a text to what you're doing。quicker color it rightina， that works。That's the best。

 give a second go am。I got that of course， pleasure Yeah， my thing is like glitches Okay。

 you should have got me。Icy。I hate my phone。Oh she I think I did。 I think I have it。

I'll show you a text right now perfect， I'll catch you Le tonight， nice to meet you。行。

So how often you have this？I only have happys at Wednesday， every Wednesday。Cool， next Wednesday。

Ill grab it by tea， maybe a coffee。I don't know it'll be totally PG I'll bring a Bible I'll keep my hands in my pockets and I totally will I promise you Ill if you want me to I'll literally keep my hands in my pockets the whole time when we order I'll like pick it up with my mouth just for you yeah just to keep my promises because you know I don't。

I wouldn't want to break promises。Anyway， well， tell you what。What's your number， I will。Tex you。

 I'm going to Chicago this weekend， hope we can talk along in Chicago because I'm totally safe I'm several states away。

And if it's fun， then we'll be friends。 And if it's no fun。

 you can be like fucking weird life coach guy。 I never want to speak to you again。

 it will never be that way feel bad I like。What is this I don't lie and I'm very honest。I'm very gay。

 boyfriend， I told you I was gay。I did I am I'm totally gay but you're not Oh but I am No you are not I'm totally I'm even like a bottom like I'm a submissive guy I take it in the as it's terrible I mean fun Yeah exactly point exactly you no I mean it's like it's kind of demeaning she feels very dominated but like it just I like it I can't I can't get over it it's too much。

So seriously， where are we here？All right， so what's your phone， I'm going real fast。啊。

I don't think I can give it to you， I feel bad。I promise you I cannot do anything over the phone to you。

 I'm not that good okay， what is it？5，0。Of now My name is Todd。

 You can save me as that or can save me as a gay best friend。 if you like， you like friend。 Okay。

 so that's a variety of different ways in which you might be getting a number。

 The biggest thing I want to emphasize too， with respect to the numbers， though， again。

 is that the numbers are not an end in themselves there are means to an end。

 So it's not just about getting the numbers。 It's about getting the number in a way that will be solid。

 You want to do it as a natural outgrowth of the interaction。

 and you want to make sure you build some comfort。 have a specific plan。 qualify the girl。

 stay 5 minutes， All those kind of things。 Okay， I don't want you to just get numbers。

 I want you to get solid numbers that will lead to dates。 Okay， so it's numbers for a purpose。

