# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：5. 如何获得技能：4 如何获得技能内场练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are some exercise you can use to help you with learning how to get physical ideally over time。

 getting physical will become natural， organic， normal。

 it'll just become part of who you are and what you do。

 but along the line as you're learning it helps to have some exercise。

 so heres some things that you can do。First one is go around and just give high fives to people。

 just walk around one day。And just give a high five to everyone， man， woman， child， whatever。

 just high five， high five， high five。 just get used to starting a conversation。

 having that little bit of physicality。Being willing to put yourself out there a little bit。

 All right， I mean， it's a little weird and awkward to ask a stranger for a high five。

 but I bet most people will do it。 All right， and it's gonna create a really fun vi on what you're doing。

 And it's gonna create a good like positive social error around everything。

 as well as being a catalyst to starting you getting physical Second exercise is we call the five physical moves exercise。

 What you're gonna do here。 is I want you to make a list of five physical things you could do with a girl。

 So for example， a high five could be one Handshake could be one hug could be one kiss could be one Pick her up could be one。

 You could spin her like a dance move。 things like that。 Any of those， In fact。

 you could just use that list or if you have other things that you particularly like to do。

 feel free to throw them in。 What you're going do is I want you to order them from one to5。

 One being the thing you are most comfortable doing5 being the thing that you find most scary or that your least comfortable doing。

 And then when you go into an interaction， you're going to do these physical moves。

 But you're first gonna do number one。😊，The thing you're comfortable with。

 And then only once you've gotten number one， you're gonna to do number two。

 Only once you've gotten number two， you're gonna to do number three。

 So it's kind of a checklist for you to go through with escalating difficulty or things that make you nervous in an escalating way So you don't have to just jump right into the deep end the pool。

 you can kind of gradually desensitize yourself throughout the set and work your way forward。 Also。

 this is oftentimes how it will go down in a real interaction is you start out a little bit physical and get more physical and more physical over time So this definitely simulates that。

As you do this， understand， there are certain times when you will make a physical move and it will be rejected or maybe she'll seem a little uncomfortable。

 if that's the case。 It's totally fine to back off， chill out， talk。

 hang out for a little bit longer and then only later on try and get physical again。 Also。

 if there's a particular physical move， she seems to be not very responsive to。 Like， for example。

 maybe she just doesn't want to what doesn't want to hug you maybe you skip over that and go to the next one。

 which is maybe spin her around like a dance move or whatever it is。

 skip the hug and go to the other one because it maybe she just uncomfortable with that particular thing。

 But if you get to a point where she's uncomfortable overall with physicality， back off， chill out。

 take your time and only after some time is passed， go for it again。

 So it's this idea of two steps forward and one step back that should be ever present as you go through this exercise。

Next exercise is not even actually something you're gonna do。

 but it's going to be a choice of venue for day game。 I want you to try and find a festival。

 try and find a place where people are partying， trying to find a place where people are very active and animated because that's gonna to force you to up your energy。

 It's very easy when learning day game to stay at a very low energy level because a lot of times you can get away with it a lot of times you're dealing with a girl in a coffee shop。

 it's a low energy environment。 So you don't need a lot to get her attention。

 or you see a girl just standing around doing nothing very low energy。

 Girl walking requires a little more energy。 but if this is all you've learned is especially stationary day game sets。

If you don't learn to up your energy， the more difficult sets are gonna be harder to get。

 And also you're not gonna have as much fun with things。

 and you're not gonna like expand your possibilities and horizons the same way you could if you're allowing yourself a higher energy in your sets。

 So I want you to occasionally once in a while doesn't have to be often maybe like once a month or whatever go to a venue that is higher energy。

 So a festival is a really good idea。 you could even try like a night game venue for this sort of thing。

 just to like expand your comfort zone one time before you go back today game。

 But what I want you to do is try an environment that's higher energy。 And again。

 I think a festival or like a beach where there's partying going on that kind of thing。

 just so it's a little bit more active and animated。

 another one would be like if there's a street that has like a lot of buskers and just like a big crowd and people dancing and having a good time。

 Anything like that。 go to an environment like that and make yourself game there every once in a while because it's like lifting heavy weights。

 point is if you can get used to working with the really heavyweight。

 then the normal stuff you do in day today life seems much easier by comparison。Next exercise。

 and this will be a challenge is game without talking。 Now， day game is very， very， very verbal。

 So to have an entire interaction without talking is difficult。 You can try that if you would like。

 but you probably won't have a ton of success。 What I'm suggesting you do here is game without talking for a period of say the first minute of the interaction or probably an easier。

 maybe better one is game without talking until she talks。 So go up be nonverbal， be fun。

 give gestures， give looks， that sort of thing。 And then when she engages with you only then are you allowed to engage with her。

 The reason for doing this is number one， a lot of times if you're opening nonverbally。

 the only way you're gonna be able to interact and get her attention is by doing something at least a little bit physical。

 So you're gonna have to break that physical barrier。

 But also you're teaching yourself the words don't matter that much。 the words don't matter。

 It's more about the vibe。 It's more about the energy and occasionally the physicality and the touch。

 So this is a really great exercise for just like taking away the burden of the words。

 And it's kind of funny。😊，Because a lot of guys think like what do I say， what do I say。

 what do I say。 And they think it is this big task and you take away everything to say。

 And sometimes they actually do better。 But regardless。

 they really value the words and they treat them as a privilege， not a right。

 And they tend to their verbal game actually be enhanced by taking it away as well。

 so practice this again， I wouldn't say do the entire interaction without talking because in a day game environment that's very。

 very difficult to do。 But just don't talk until she talks or don't talk for the first 30 seconds。

 something like that。 make yourself more animated and expression。

 force yourself to push that comfort zone a little bit。 and it will make you more physical as well。

 Fi exercise。 I'm gonna give you for physicality is open physical。

 So you must do something physical on the open or whatever it is。

 And I'll give you four different physical openers that you can use。

 First is what I call the magic tap。 This is just tap on the shoulder， get her attention。

 but it breaks that physical barrier。 you have already touched her on the open。

 It's not terribly invasive。 It's not creepy or weird， but it is breaking the physical barrier。

 You're not just wanty excuse me Can I talk to youy and little tap on the shoulder。

Makes a big difference。 It makes you more assertive。 It gets her attention。

 and that's very important on the open。 Second I'm going to teach you is called the claw。

 claw basically， is you're gonna reach out， Take a girl by the hand of the arm and just gradually pull her over to you Now be careful on this one。

 if you do it too， it could be invasive。 And if you start to do it and the girl seems very resistant。

 drop it immediately because this is a fairly invasive opener for a stranger。

 You probably don't want to do so much a moving girl in the daytime。

 but under girl standing around could potentially do it especially you could do this in sort of like a daytime venue that's an enclosed like if you're in line somewhere with out lightly pull over to that sort of thing。

 It's a bit of a highris daytime move， but it's good to stretch your comfort zones。

 I would say this is the most high risk of all the ones I'm gonna have you this exercise。

 next would be the hand of God yourere gonna reach out put your hand during the conversation or during an interaction and allow her to take hold of your hand。

 And if and only if she takes hold of your hand， you could pull her in。

 hug her spin her just pull her in close and talk to there。 if you doesn't take your hand。 no big。

You're just going to drop it and continue talking as though nothing happened。

 but it's an opportunity to allow things to get physical very early on so it's the hand of God。

 you're reaching out， giving her the opportunity to get physical， and then if she does great。

 if she doesn't no big deal。And the last one I'm gonna teach you is basically the most like pickup game community move you've ever seen in your entire life。

 But there's a reason why it is a classic。 There's a reason why it's existed for about 10 years。

 And that's that it is actually fairly effective as cheesy as it is， which is the handshake spin。

 which is you take the girl shake hands with her。 And then once you shake hands。

 you spin her around like a dance move。 And that immediately sets the frame of it man to woman and not friend to friend。

 it's a fun interaction and not a boring one。 So through that physicality。

 you're setting a vibe very very early on。 So your exercise here。

 basically is to use one of these various physical opens in every single set。

 you have to open physically。 you're not allowed to have that platonic conversation where you stand  four feet away from the girl and never touch her。

 you need to break that physical barrier， even if only a little bit。

