# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：10. 如何带女孩回家：3 如何带女孩回家内场演示【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now I'm gonna show you some examples of actually taking girls home。

 And what I want you to think of this as， I don't want you to think of as a big deal。

 I want you to think of it as just the next instant date You've instantated them from point A to point B。

 B to C， and then from point C to home or from point B to home， whatever。

 But it's just the next natural step in the progression。 If you start thinking of it as a big deal。

 It's going to be a big deal， which is exactly the opposite of what it should be。 Now， obviously。

 you want to avoid things like saying things like my place or things that are red flag words。

 But in general， it's just the next instant date。 So the same principles apply of asking。

 but asking in a way that makes it not a big deal， not a huge risk for them。 So have a look now。

E wish right here。Sure you go check out the pool quickly just so you can at least see it as pretty cool MGM pool is like a pretty chill one。

They're on the way， actually。What do you know。Because I know the way this place is laid out。

I don't want。No， no， we'll go say hi to inside where we're going。

Can I actually take this out of this？U yeah， you can take it out of here， yeah。

 of course they don't care as long as you keep it on yeah， they don't care。

With the amount they charge for drinks， they don't mind losing glasses。Really， guess what？

I go my grab glasses。ま yeah。Around a bit。T about that。早加。对对。T to think what I want to do then。しま。

So I guess the question is Western unions are they open later as well or no。

 are there some open later， Western Unions， they stay open later or are there some that open later？

All right。Would you like to go on a quick adventure and come back and hopefully by the time adventures over。

 daddy has called that kind of adventure。At this point。Wal around would be enough。

 but if you want to go explore a nearby area and come back， that would be cool too。Oh think。

Obviously caps on me because I'm。Because my na is， I think I can handle it better。

As far as that goes。Obviouslybs I would like to because I've only been here a couple days and I was working most of the time。

 so I would love to explore， I would love good company to explore with。So。

You go somewhere and try and pop back in like hour hour and a half。What的 thing is。后面。なだ。

She's watching out for you。😀Yeah。Yeah， he's。Very much。So your major issue is phone charge yeah。

And I kind of have to paint。You cannot not really well。

Is that a W like W hotel or is that something else， Yeah， that's W hotel， I bet you can pee in there。

I bet our KFChu KFC Well I mean， depends on the quality of toilet you want。

 you want a nice clean like po toilet or you're like I don't care。Burod off， I guess。系呀。

I prefer my toilet's po and clean， I'm not going to lie。That's a preference。You dirty girl。嗯。系咪湿照。

If you want to pop over somewhere and pop back， cool。I we could stand here on it either way。如个个。

But I have a feeling we can also find a phone in charger wherever we go。

I bet we're on internet as well。A Western Union。This。で。嗯。Yeah， I like our。Yeah。

 hopefully this isn't like everyday day for you。 You don't spend like every day running the weird air。

嗯。I'm kind of touring them because part of me is like。诶。

You don't have much time and you want explore。Well part of me is， but also I enjoy you。Oh， yeah。 But。

 I mean， you can have my Facebook。I don't think your Facebook is as sarcastic as you are。

 it doesn't have like the tonality。No important。为什么都是对啊。Where when I have this fixed， which you like。

That is placebo。What does a little I mean， Does it mean like three hours。

 Does it mean like 15 minutes Well， now it's where 15。Okay。

I'll show with you then if in like 15 minutes it looks like an hour。

 and then I'll bounce out and say likevi is。It was pleasure meeting you Sound good。

 we'll try your place。Why not。If it's terrible， then I'll just like judge you forever。我就再见。

I swear yeah。This girl。It to a crap place。You know。She。I don't know。

 actually the things I could say that are negative actually think are positive mostly I going do all these like things about like life irresponsibility and being kind of like all over the place。

 but fuck， you know what， it's more fun that way right？去。远程 more。Are going to cover gun。 Co garden，🎼。

🎼谢你啊我 some。Let's go to not a pizza list， a different restaurant though， I don't need pizza。

have to wash my girlish finger I don't know I'm like。If you are totally hating life halfway。

 then you can totally turn around and leave。Heres a deal。

 I officially grant you freedom to leave at any moment you like okay。

 and I won't even consider it rude。的这一た。That's fine。That's good。 I， I actually don't like dating。

 So that's good。 I prefer rendezvous with， you know。like the dark side。 like the bright side。

 That's why I was wondering I'll walk this。100%， would it？Which way is up town？看看。

I'm going to ask these people， excuse me， which way， which way is uptown that way that way， okay。

 so we're going to go this way and that way， just in that。后来。They， all good。So。You're interning in。

Yeah。在啊。And right now。I don't find just very respect like， okay， well I'm working on。Okay。

 well honestly， I'm sorry if you feel like fashion so。No， I mean。

 I like to dress like that's not even nice I mean it's not even else but like I meanm。I just。

I don't care about that stuff it's like， okay Mark Jacobs it's not my bad cool if he's not I'm not going to spend$1。

000 too that's your stop okay。So。You may go Will they let me into the restroom and you're like bottom floor I don't think we have one Sure No。

 I'm not sure， but I'。Okay， so I would like to go for a walk if I have to go find like a public place to come for a second。

Oh， yeah。So as you would expect， those look a lot like how you would do instant dates。

 But the difference is because it is a little bit of a bigger deal to the girl。

 There is a little bit more involved。 There's a little more seating。 There's a little more patience。

 And there's a little more of like being willing to push through the objections。

 Take your time with it a little bit more because that's the you know。

 that's the final one where if you get it， you're in really， really good shape。

 So remember to be patient。 Remember to go for it。 remember， make it low risk。

 do all those normal standard things。 But remember to be patient。 Okay。

 taking five more minutes of just letting her be calm and normal and and build up to it。

 Well oftentimes say 45 minutes or an hour that would have occurred。

 had you push too fast and heard no。 So be willing to be patient。

 especially on this this final venue change home。 That's very， very critical。😊。

