# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#5【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Let's look at。Some examples of what typical good sets look like nowadays。A。What have we got here。

 where is it？This is an example of a very typical， pretty good interaction。

 And this is also a great example of going from direct to indirect on the open。 So in this case。

 I view the girl as you know， highly compliant。 I'm gonna go do my normal open。

 which is go as direct as I can。 But as I was approaching her as I was walking over。

 she turned around at an awkward moment and kind of caught my eye when I was just about to like lean in and start。

 like start to approach it。 looks kind of like predatory。 the moment she turned and looked at me。

 So because of that， I didn't want to like freak her out， I didn't want to like。😊。

Put too much out there right away。 So I decided to go with a more indirect approach。

 So the the premise here is you want to open as direct as you can get away with。

 But if she you're getting a negative vibe， she seems noncompliant， et cetera。

 you want to go more indirect。 So I switched immediately to something indirect， which as I said。

 are you from Vegas， pretty much as indirect as it can get。 But then she。

 she was smiling and happy and didn't seem offended， didn't seem put off。

 didnn't seem weird out by like the weird posture that I I had adopted when she turned So because it was positive that I changed it up and went very direct。

 Like actually， I don't even know why I said that。 I actually like you， etc ce。

 So that's the first thing to note。😊，Next thing to note is how I go about moving her right away。

 This is absolutely critical。 Alright， good game should not look like game。 Good game。

 should not feel like game。Alright， so you want to， as soon as possible。

 move away from the place that you met her， away from the situation that feels like a pickup。He。

 excuse me。 Hi Are you from actually， I don't really care。

 I don't even know why ask that you're very cute。 Thank you Todd， nice to meet you Todd Yes， sorry。

 I thought you had like I thought have this is gonna be really creepy。

 Have you ever like shaking someone's hand and then I have like two fingers or something like that。

 I thought you just did that to me Im like Oh anyway， what's your name。😊，Yeah， you are。

 You're quite cute。 Thank you。 What are you doing right this exact second of your life I like the second。

 So clearly she's reacting to me， she's laughing。 She's like justifying herself when when someone this is an interesting。

 interesting form of qualification。 when someone gets too logical or when someone goes out of the way to justify something like what colors you red。

 actually it's like maroon。 But right， as soon as someone does that。

 you know that they're reacting to you， you know that they're in your frame right。

 So it' just being hyper logical， actually is a sign of being in one's head。

 I like the second answer。 that means you're literal and smart。 See， I'm thinking that it's very hot。

 And I want to take you for some kind of smoothie or related beverage for two minutes and find out if you're。

😊，As cool and interesting as I think you might be。 Okay， like the worst idea in the world。 No。

 I like that。 unfortunately， see how I closed in in， in parts right， is like。

 I'm kind of interested in taking you for a smoothie or related beverage。

 The other thing that's very interesting and critical here。😊。

Is when I go through these little trial closes and when I go through the soft close。

 I actually speak slower。And there's a reason for that。And the reason is， as I'm speaking。

 I'm watching their reaction。So if I'm like， if I were to ask you， right， and I。

 if I see them like suddenly tense up， then I'm like。If I were to ask you where you're from。

 and I'll just do something that's not a close， right， because if they ten up on。

 if I were to ask you， that means they're like thinking， oh， shit。

 he's gonna ask me out or he's gonna， and they're not ready for that yet。Right，But if I， if。

 if I were to ask you if you would enjoy a smoothie or a coffee and if they they like tense up there more like what kind of are you very healthy or you like typical American It's a very interesting I I can always veer off of the close at any moment。

 if they seem unreceptive to the close。 But as long as they seem receptive or especially if they say start smiling and getting more into it as I close。

 then I know I have a green light。 Okay， So that's the other beauty of the soft clothes and the beauty of like kind of talking slowly through it is that you can sense their reaction And that way。

 again， you can you can find out all the information where they're at without actually hearing the word no。

 and you want to avoid that word no， because once they say no once now you have to like convince them to change their mind It's very hard to convince someone to change their mind It's better to just never have them say no in the first place。

😊，Fortu this is my first time here， so I don't know smoothie places I。

 we could go actually hopefully food right around corner。

 we can go grab it was like a smoothie there， you cool with that Yeah do it。Why did she go with me。

Because I asked good， good， good， good。 You guys paid attention before。 That's very important， right。

 She goes with you because you ask， if you， you could have the greatest set ever。

 if you just stand there on the street corner， it will be a 20 minute set on the street corner。

 It will never go anywhere。 You have to ask。 And that's the biggest part of venue changing is believing it's possible knowing that you should do it and asking。

 I'll take questions after a few more。Yeah。Cool，But why does she go with me Because I asked。

 And then now this is subtle but important as well。 Once we're in motion， I'm not gonna hit on her。

 I'm just gonna have small talk， right， because I'm already winning。I'm already in winning position。

 If I do something that's extreme or risky， I could ruin that winning position。Right。

 this interaction will be better as soon as we sit down。And I know that's the case。

 So all I want to do from now is just get to sitting down and then any kind of escalation， Teasing。

 moving things forward that I want to do can happen better in a seated environment。

 But if I try something extreme between now and we sit down， she might object。

 I might never get there。 Allright， So when you're already winning， don't fuck it up。 right。

 Don't take big risks in an already winning situation。😡。

It is and you're not from us but I am not from do this way I well， I live here now， but I am recent。

So I was originally in New York and LA。他。So let's do like。

Like a brunch drink type thing or whatever that way you don't have to， you know。During reach。

So we do here， as we sit down， there's like， it's probably， I wanna say half hour。

 maybe 45 minutes of just talking， getting to know each other， building rapport。

 that kind of stuff Its going really well。 problemblem is she's in town with her mom and her mom is picking her up。

 And it's， is be very awkward for her to continue this as is。 So in this case。

 I just go for the number with plans behind it。I can give you。

Emotional support and flation therapy instead。I公。What is you know？Cool， and then， yeah。

 she ended up leaving town the next day。 Unfortunately， she was planning on staying。

 but then like her mom has some kind of emergency or whatever。 So didn't work。

 But did text back and forth was good for a while。 Solid interaction， et cetera。 As you'd expect。

 usually when you venue change， the interactions will be solid。 Like， if I get a random number。

 like a random quick number， I'm gonna expect like more than 50%， it's probably flaky。

 unless it was a really good interaction， there was a solid reason why we had to leave each other。

 But if actually do a venue change in like instant date with a girl and get a number。

 I'm expecting that solid， like 80% of the time。 I'm expecting much， much， much more solid。

 And that's why that that that little incident， even if it's only two minutes or 5 minutes， So， so。

 so valuable。😊。