# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#10【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

And this is another one that super solid。 This girl from the set actually invited me out2。

 two consecutive nights。 But then we had tickets to other clubs， both nights， which sucked。

 And then like the third night or third， I guess， day afternoon， I invited her before we。

 we flew out of town。 And she was like on some yacht party stuck in the middle of the ocean。

 So can't do much about that。 Yeah， during the summit almost feeling that the girl herself like she built the persona right away for you。

 And she fell for the persona。 she gave herself the inside。😊。

Because you said that you're a public speaker， like oh my God。

 I'm so into it that you're so awesome and I she basically evening herself。Well， kind of， I mean。

 that's， that's the， the big lesson that that I I taught with the set sumummit and that that I make with the set in general。

 right is that big thing in the set is two things， one target selection。

 which I've talked a little bit about already。 But then blueprints， right。

 finding the girls's blueprint， finding out what she views is valuable。

 finding out what kind of like makes her tick。 And when you understand that， then things are very。

 very， you know， very， very easy。 It's like， say that you are。

I don't know say that you're a guy who's trying to learn Internet marketing and you meet some guy who's making。

 you know $100000 a month doing internet marketing like holy shit。

 like you immediately like sense of value， immediately see like this fits my path。

 whereas if you weren't in that field。 And you're like like a banker or something like that。

 Someone says like， oh， that's really cool。 You're making a lot of money。 That's awesome。

 But you're not already like primed for that。 that's not already in your vision of your life。

 And so you wouldn't assign as much value to that person。

 So the key thing here is to like get the information of what they're primed for。

 get the information of what their life experience is told them is value。

 what their life experience is told them to expect in a relationship to expect in a man to look for in a sexual experience。

 etc。 And the more of that information you have， the more you can just be that archetype。😊，Now。

 that's not to say that if you're not that archetype。 you can't get the girl。 Like， say that you're。

 you know， say that you're a guy with like all tated up and stuff like that。

 you meet like some prepppy girl that normally likes guys in college shirts。

 doesn't mean you can't get her。 It just means like you're not her immediate archetype。

 right So you're gonna have to like there's gonna be a little more reframing And than if you were her exact archetype。

 And same thing the other way around。 Like certain guy girls like the tated up guy or the biker guy or like the porn looking guy or whatever。

 And that'll be very easy for them。 And then the clean cut guy would have trouble a little bit more。

 So with that girl。 But it's not to say that you couldn't get it。

 And especially understand that there's what we call means values and end values。 So means values。

Is what you' literally think you're looking for。 end values is the reason behind it or the emotion you hope to get from it。

 So， for example， if a girl likes guys with tattoos。

 maybe what she really likes is a guy stands up for himself， a guy who's opinionated。

 a guy who's a bit of a rebel， that kind of stuff right， So even if you're the clean cut guy。

 If you have those characteristics。 if you， if you meet the end values。

 even if you don't need the means values， you can still be hitting her blueprints， Or for example。

 if she likes the clean cut guy， and you're ta it up， maybe you're the successful tated up guy right。

 And the fact that you have the successful stuff going on or you're responsible or do some leadership things or whatever。

 all that kind of stuff can hit her blueprint， even if you're not hitting what she thinks her blueprint is literally because you're hitting the end values。

 even if you don't hit the means values。 So that's important to note as well。But let's have a look。

はい。I don't like staring into the sun， but you guys are cute hi， so's nice to meet you。

And this is funny， But I've noticed that when I just ramble on the open。

 when I just say whatever is on my mind even is unrelated to them， where I was like， oh， I just。

 I just tripped on my shoe。 That's weird anyway， whatever， right。

 The fact that I'm focused on something outside of them on the open is actually very useful。

 especially with the really hot girls。 So just rambling whatever is on your mind is is a pretty effective strategy。

😊，暂时没有。Its are absolutely adorable。 Thank I need you guys。

 And typically with girls that are as cute as or as hot as this。

 I wouldn't give them a compliment so quickly， but they're responding very positively。 Like。

 they're very happy They're very friendly。 So I don't feel like they're。

 they're sensing a big value gap。 I don't feel like I need to like slam them over the head with value。

 So in this case， I am， you're adorable that kind of stuff。

 You adorable is not typically like these girls are like。😊，I mean。

 it'd be hard to argue they're like lower than a 9。 Like。

 I don't think too many people are gonna say that。 Like where you rate them between 9 and 10 is up to you。

 but like they're， they're 9s。 So these are girls that are used to getting hit on。

 These are girls that know they have high sexual value， that kind of stuff。

 So you wouldn't necessarily want to validate them too much right off the open。

 but because they're being friendly， They're acting like a girl that's like maybe an8 or something like that。

 So you can treat them in that same friendly way until until proven otherwise。I was， like， wondering。

We have sometimes。Thank you that come good。What you mean to it youre very cute。 Oh， no。

 I wouldn't even bother with it。 You're very cute。I'd be like you guys look like fucking disasters。

 but I kinda like it or something like that。 right。

 So it'd be something that's not such an overt compliment。

 It has a little bit of a back and forth to it and maybe even a little bit of ediness or even offensiveness to it。

 Yeah， or， or just saying things in like a harder， stronger way。 Yeah。

I like meet my friend because it's a walking set。 I always not always。

People to like start the working I So jump in front of them。It's like kind of weird sometimes。

 especially in so strange。Yeah， so I wouldn't jump in front。

 I would walk if I opened them by walking with in order to stop them。

 what I do is I just slow down my walk。So I take a few slow steps。 and I see if they follow。

 if they follow and slow down as well。 then great， I stop them。 If not。

 I speed back up and nobody notices。 And then later on， when I think that things are going well。

 I'll take a few slow steps。 So I just essentially lead it towards a stop very， very gradually。

 And I see if they follow， It's like you guys ever studied N LP。 There's a phrase like or an idea。

 I guess， called pacing and leading pacing and leading basically means you fit into someone's reality。

 You show them a similarity。 You show them an understanding。

 So you you get them in agreement with you。 And then once you've gotten an agreement with them。

 you now lead it in a new direction。Right， so， for example。

 you could say something is if I'm gonna go N LP， which I'm not like an expert at or whatever。

 You could be like， you're a human being and human beings have feelings。

 So that means that you have the ability to em empathize。 Sorry。

 You have the ability to empathize with people。 And so that means that when we talk。

 you can understand what I'm saying。 And when I say something like we should go hang out and relax。

 You can， you can totally understand how that would be a great thing for us to do and how that would be a wonderful experience for both of us。

😊，Does that make sense？Right， I went from you're a human being to the most logical thing for us to do is get a smoothie together。

Right，But what did I do， I paced the situation， I said a few things that were obviously true。

 You're a human being。 Obviously true。 Human beings have feelings， true。 So therefore。

 that means you can em empathize with people largely true for most human beings。 Yes。

 And so that means that you can understand。 And I just go a little bit further。

 a little bit further with it。So that's a very direct example of pacing and leading。

 But what you're doing in a set is kind of pacing and leading。 So what I'm doing is I open。

 and I'm walking with them。 And I'm， I'm kind of pacing them。 I'm seeing where they're at。

 where they're feeling。 And then when I think I have enough social value or when I think that they're responding to me enough。

 I'll try to lead， I'll subtly try and lead， and I'll see if they follow。 If they follow good to go。

 If not， I'll pace some more。Just follow their lead， Just be an， an even part of the conversation。

 And then I'll try to lead again later。To come meet my friends for two seconds because they're kind of amazing。

 Yeah， I think so。 come。I'll tell you what， if you come and you don't think they're amazing。

 you're free to go， how's that？Now， notice he's going to run more of the interaction than I am。

 He's more talkingative guy。 He's more outgoing， more obnoxious and sad a lot of things like that。

And a lot of guys would get in their head。 A lot of guys。

 if they wing with joy and they immediately shoved in their head and they start getting nervous。

 they start getting awkward。 They start becoming shy。 They just shut up that kind of stuff。

 And I'm gonna let him run the set。 because as long as he's my wingman as long as we're on the same page。

 any value he gets is my value as well。 right So you don't need to like try and talk over your wingman or out off for your wing man。

 It's cool if he's doing more of the work and more of the talking because his value is your value and vice versa。

 Well， you need to be careful of， though， is assuming you want to like keep your target。

 which is what's gonna come up in this interaction。 I wantna， this is the1 I want right over here。

 the one in the orange shorts。 So。😊，Because of that。

 when he starts getting too intimate with her and starts doing target selecting behaviors for her at that point。

 I need to jump in and start to like assert myself a little bit more。

 But if he was just gonna split the set or talk to all of them together。

 I can totally just let him run the show。I un be just to be extra sweet well done。

 But notice that the nature of the interaction， a lot of his stuff is is fun， funny。

 general conversational and high value behaviors， but it's not directed at the girl's emotions It's not directed personally at any one particular one particular girl in the set。

 whereas the things I'm gonna say later will be very directed at this girl and not wearing shorts。😊。

I thought it was。No， we tried。Very good， he's boring， though， he's boring。Awe Miami。

 we're looking to move here。's So I'm already thinking that we should move this this set somewhere because it's it's engaged well。

 they're hot enough， etcter。 the big issue that because I'm gonna ask them at a point。

 like Julian drinks。 like if if you wants to do it， the issue is that we're on a boot camp。

 And essentially， there's three boot camp instructor with9 students。

 if the two of us go grab a drink with these girls。

 unless we have students very closely watching is's pretty hard to justify。

 So even as hot as these girls are gonna I don't know if we can or not。

 So that's why I'm gonna ask them that in a little bit。

 But I think the proper way to run the set would be to almost almost now start thinking about screening them for。

 for a venue change。Right， but we're， we're in an awkward spot because there there are reasons why we maybe can't do that。

 He loves it。 I hate it。 I like it。 I don't think it' that and we're。hi is。Yeah。

 think that's disgusting not here。That is a place like youre going it's got some jewel， it does。

It's got some diamonds in the row。AAre you referring to yourself is that like a subtle way of trying to？

Youve got places to go。I'm't know America that one。🎼The place you have to go。

It's like if you want to taste of like。Like。Good high class like old。在。Okay， so up to now。

 he's not really like， done anything to like select a target or whatever。

 He's just being generally cool， being a great wingman right about now。

 he's gonna start really overstepping。 And I'm have to step in2。Yes， can you fun？Yeah。

 actually once it' got arrested there， it was not much stronger what what probably。Really。

 what is your name？I love you。不是 love you。啊，没有 this。So right there now it's like， what is your name。

 I love you， right， That's， that's very like target selection。 Now it's like， all right， buddy。😊，Now。

 now maybe I have to step up and like run part of this set。S wait， is your first time in Miami？

It's actually my second time， but it's really our first time like experiencing。Like lots of us here。

Two days。It was like， oh I was always doing this business。まに one likeな。That was just。

So I was not 21 yet。2020。你时好啲点解啊。201강。24。2り外。So at this point， it's more neutral against。

 I'm not super worried。 But I am thinking this， this group needs to be taken for drink like drinks are smoothie or something the standing here looks and feels very much like a pickup。

 One a major tendency that I I， I believe in is that good pickup should not look and feel like pickup。

 This looks and feels a lot like pickup right， just because of the body language。

 not even because the conversation。 conversationver is great， but it's just。

 it just looks and feels that way。😊，喂。Buty or not， I am 34。 what do they speed you over？I'm kidding。

I was I can play off the 34 Actually， I've been trying to play off 21 and 18。No。

 not 18 you can play past like 22 if I shave I can play。倒でいい。

What are you guys doing right now going shopping， where are going to Yeah like。We're being honest。

Buts such dark tonight。Mainking。What' about you guys maybe manschion manion a few lives。Jan。

 thanks Scott。So now we have the two students here with us so now I'm like okay we should go get drinks right because now if the students are watching now we're actually like doing boot camp right if we were just over here by ourselves no students and I'd be like fuck we can't if we can't venue change us have to do numbers but now we have the two students now we can do that。

I don't know you guys want drink？I'm okay。We really have to shop。 This is like a mission。 This is。

 you can So right here is where I'm gonna really zone in and like make it personal and really select Trans Ta here We really have to shop。

 You just became like every girl I know in Vegas and L in like shopping emergency God don't shop now the world will end They're gonna make that movies coming out next next month。

 actually， like someone didn't shop And then aliens came and。😊，You actually believe me for a second。

 you're like， wait， whatever， we don't fit in， it's good its not fit in so。Yeah。

 it's a right to look like tourists。I think that being tours is a cool thing because at least we're getting outside of my so notice now even though she's like talking on his conversational thread。

 she's talking to me。Right， another interesting thing is gonna to happen in a minute。

 which is she's gonna to tell me her blueprint。 She's going tell me what she finds value in。

 At least it means you have a life where you don't have to be at work 247。 Yes。

 at least't have 9 to5。 I'd be like， what do you do， I parents don't like to talk about。

 I run a couple companies like what。Like I don't like to talk about it but I talk sometimes come across really weird during the。

But my dream is to be a motivational speaker， really a serious New York。I'll see again for the 5。

000 people on Saturday。Okay， so the motivational speaker thing that that hits really home。

 But what does she say before， at least I don't have 9 to 5，right， So what does that say about her。

 her view of value， It's an entrepreneurial type of view， or at least like not a like。

 not a have a steady work job type of a view。And so then she says。

 she immediately says the type of job I you value in is not a 9 to5， and then she says。

 what do you do for a living？Well， sweetie， I I definitely don't do a 9 to 5。Right。

 I do something very entrepreneurial， right， But I also say it in。

 in a way that's congruent with that because guys that are very successful in that kind of a job or that kind of a lifestyle usually don't like talking about it。

 Usually don't brag about it。 they usually downplay it。

 because imagine if you were imagine if you were a billionaire。

 just hypothetically and everybody who met you knew you were a billionaire first thing。😊。

How many people in the world do you think you could trust？No what。

How many people do you think you would be sure liked you for you and not for your money？Nobody。

 right， It'd be obnoxious。 So people that are really successful and have really cool shit going on。

 Oftentimes， they actually will downplay it。 So that's how I like， I don't really want to talk about。

 I don't a few companies， but really， let's just， I's like， what， what companies， What do you mean。

 I'm like， she said， I don't want to talk about it。 She's like， she's like。

 I'm curious because people who say that are right， What she's saying， She's saying people who。😊。

Don't like talking about it， people who don't have nine to fives are the type of people I view as successful。

 the people with the coolest jobs， et ceter， et cetera， at least in her mind。Now。

 is that necessarily like true for every girl。 No， Some girls。

 if you say you have a steady 9 to5 job will love that。 And if you say you're an entrepreneur。

 they'll read that as like unemployed or no prospects。 right。

 So different girls have different life experiences， and that shapes what they value。

 So but if you can listen to what they're saying and understand that， that's the case。

You you to get like9。I would say excuse me。 I would probably present it as very responsible。

 I'd probably present it as I was like I worked really。

 really hard in college and it was really like worked really。

 really hard in school and stuff like that。 And I always thought I wanted like a serious job。

 I was actually trained to be a mechanical engineer， etc ce。

 So basically the first thing I'm saying is I had the opportunity to do that job that you're。

 you're wanting， right， And I said and I I was pretty sure that was what I was gonna do。

 But one summer right before I graduated， I just wanted to take like a little break and just relax before I like went into the work world。

 And I ended up taking an internship and I found something I absolutely loved。

 And I was lucky enough that that by working really hard with this really great company。

 I was able to you know， rise within the ranks。 And now I have like a pretty like central job within what they do。

😊，Right， so I Ive made it a more corporate version of what I do， right。

 And I also grounded on their reality of like because if someone says 9 to 5。

 they're looking for doctor， lawyer， engineer， like something in in science or tech exactly。

 So I start off with， oh， I was always earmarked for that profession。 I was like， on that path。

 etc ce。 And then I found something that I like like even better。 And it's responsible in corporate。

Does that make sense， So I'm again， conveying to their value system。But it's also true。

Like everything I'm saying regardless is all true。 So I'm not like making up facts。

 I'm just conveying my life story in a way that they can relate to。Yeah。

 I got a company I work with like affiliate marketing Okay so do like sales stuff and that nice I'm not sure yet so very nice Anyways shopping yeah let's do we're probably going to a mansion tonight just the guess you have a car or something we can do numbers here。

Yeah you give a code I。I am too。过な。Almost dead。Living life on the edge， right？Yes。

 you're so adventurous， I'm impressed。So you don't really have two kids， right？

That be a little weird。やるね。いのです。没有别了。Yes， six。Yeah。If we care about thatge。I don't know。

 one year or two。环。If I care about that。Sent。Yeah， awesome as well。Oh yeah。

 I'm not kidding about the motivation I mean， this。He told meNo。

 he didn't tell me he said he speaks and then I。I thought I didn't want to tell。

 but then she like kept， you know， I know all right？ButNow， let's talk it'll begin。不是。

I will see you later I trust you you shouldn't， but I appreciate it。はは。😊，아り도 원。

That's what happens when I open money I。 Did you see I saw you're trying fucking Kaash。呵。Yes。

 it wasn't。 It wasn't so blatant， but yeah。Okay， cool。

Juian fact it that because he was joking too much or was it because the girl acknowledged。

 actually that shes。Because there was like a moment that she was like distracted by something。

And then like， after to these moments， like。Environment and then like changes I think it was。

 he was like overly ignoring her， like just like completely leaving her out in a way that was almost like boarding on rudecause he was kind of like talking more to the other one。

And then she felt like she was like being made like the consolation prize or something。

 And like a girl that hot is probably not used to like。

She doesn't doesn't really wanna feel like a constelation prize。

 So I think she got like kind of offended by it。 Does that make sense。 So every。

 everybody had same question。Yeah so。If you see that Joan is talking with this girl。

 would you switch to the other girl。Even都。Because， you know， it might fuck both I wouldn't。

 because one reason， which is fuck Julian。Basically。Basically， that's it。cause he does that a lot。

 And I can't let him win ever。 He's never， ever， ever won。 I we， we would do this back and forth。

 And to be fair， like he's never won， and I've never won。Does make sense。 Like we， we。

 when we guard this set from each other when we're already grandfathered in we。

 we're pretty good at like keeping our own sets。 But it's good practice。

 The one time that we ever did win was actually， I， I stole one of Julians sets not for myself。

 but for my， my assistant。 And that one worked out pretty well as in Miami。

 So I basically went in and like。😊，Kind of like distracted the set and like opened it。

 And then I kind of threw him in the side of it。 and then like and then like pulled Julian over and distracted him and let let him talk to her。

 And then he he steal it from Julia。 So that was pretty good。 But yeah， no。

 is's just a precedent thing。 And it's also like a principal thing， which is he knows better。

 And so I'm not gonna， I'm not actually gonna jump on like the girl that I like less for him。

 there are times。 when if， if you and your wingman are cool with that and have that arrangement。

 By all means you could。 And by all means it might be like a smart waiter on the set。

 But just like don't， don't be the guy that just walked all over just to like make it work。 make。

 make your wingman actually talk to the girl。 He's supposed to talk to when you open the set。😊，Yeah。

If a wind comes into the set。How do you make it clear？It's a really good question。

Elor or something more up。Yeah， so there's， there's a lot of ways you can do it。

 The first one is where you stand， where you stand in the set should tell him。

 So you should be standing kind of like if， if it's two girls here and， and you're here。

 you're talking to this girl。 right， If you're over here， you're talking to this girl。

If you're in the middle， that maybe you haven't selected or maybe you're just running the set in that way。

 if your wingman's experience and knows you well， he probably shouldn't enter then。

 he probably should wait until you move to one of the other and select one because that shows that the set's hooked and it shows that you're well in。

 Whereas if he opens right after you've already just come in then it's like you have two opens that could could potentially mess up your wingman should come in at one of two times。

 He should come in either once the set's hooked and you're doing well， because then it's a warm。

 easy open for him， there's no very low risk of failing the set。

 or he should come in when you're about to lose the set because at that moment。

 there's nothing to loose。 So he should come try and save the set。 But if if he's hesitants about it。

 if you're like in between the girls And it's going sort of so。

 so he probably should actually wait if possible and let you choose one。

 But the thing you can do in this what I'll do a students is I'll go on just straight behind him。

 And maybe I'll start like rubbing his shoulders like， hey buddy， what's up that kind of stuff。

 And then he can step whichever way he wants to let me in whatever side。 Also。

 if you wing man comes in on the wrong side。Just move him across the set very quickly。 So if like。

 say' on the right side of the set， he comes in on the， on the left， But I wanted that girl。 I think。

 hey， this is my friend。 Hey， actually meet this girl。

 And I'll like push him across to say hi the girl。 I was just talking to this is my good friend。 Hey。

 and this is my good friend。 And I'll just like immediately create it in a way that's because he's still in motion Its just very spontaneous。

😊，I was point sometimes to the other one and say shes the one。Your。And that could work。

 That could work in a way， for sure。For sure， that could work。Yeah， anything you can do to indicate。

 basically， the more subtle， the better， But that's pretty good because it's like it's flirtatious。

 So it works。 It's not like that one's mind， right， That's what you w to avoid。

 You want to avoid that like seeming outcome dependence becauseuse if either of you seem outcome dependent。

 that automatically hurts you both。Allright。