# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：8. 如何进行即时约会：2 让她跟你走【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

When going for the instant aid， as with many things in game， you may have noticed。

 you really need to just ask， you need to make the decision。 You need to go for it。

 You need to assert yourself。 That's absolutely critical。 So many times I see guys。

 especially in day game。 They open a girl on the street corner。

 They're talking to it for a little bit。 And then they're talking to you for a little more a little more and little more。

 And before you know what， they've talked to a little half an hour on the street corner。

 And at the end， the girl's like， this is weird and awkward。

 it was nice to meet you take care by and maybe they end up getting you know relatively flaky or maybe decent phone number and that's the end of the interaction。

 Once a girl's talk to you for a few minutes。 She already likes you。 It's not that hard to be like。

 hey， you know what， as long as we're talking， why don't we just sit down over here my feet are tired or you know what。

 I'm thirsty， let's go grab a smoothie。 Come on that kind of thing is totally normal。

 Think what would you do with your friends。 Would you sit with your friends and just talk on a street corner doing nothing or would you walk and talk or go somewhere or do something。

 You would walk， go somewhere， do something。 You should act the。

exact same way with someone you just met you should take the frame。

 treat them like they're already your friends， treat them like it's a foregone conclusion that you like each other。

 And if you have that frame in that belief， she will believe it as well。 Okay。

 but you have to ask the biggest single thing in getting incentives， just ask and by the way。

 ask earlier than you think you should ask earlier than you think necessary。It's better to。

 especially if you ask softly。 it's better to ask and then find out that it's not gonna to happen and be able to solve the situation than it is to wait and wait and wait and make it very。

 very awkward。 and that actually brings me to the next point which is when you are starting to an instant date。

 you need to screen her situation。 It's very critical for instant dating and actually for day game in general。

 extraordinarily critical point， you need to find out what is her situation。

 if her situation is that she's on her way to work and has to be there like five minutes ago。

 and it's also like half a block away and she's walking fast。

 that's a very different kind of interaction， then if she's you know exploring the city for four hours on her own before she meets up with a friend。

 which is actually a very different interaction from she has all day to kill because she missed her flight and she has no idea what to do to fill her time。

RightThose are three very different scenarios， and there are different outcomes available to you under each of those three scenarios。

 If you know that now you can play the game properly for the scenario。

 but you need to get that information。 Okay so you need to ask the question。

 and this this is a very highly stylized question。 What are you doing this exact second and there's a reason why I ask now you don't have to use that whole phrase。

 but there is a reason for all of it。 here are the reasons。 number one， what are you doing。

 Obviously I need to know。What are you doing This exact second means what are you doing right now。

 not what are you doing5 minutes from now，20 minutes， half an hour from now。

 Because if you say what are you doing， she's gonna think about all her plans for the day and fill them in。

 which is gonna make her seem very busy to her and to yourself。

 and it's going to make it awkward to continue the interaction。

 or as you say what are you doing this exact second。

 the literal answer is she's talking to you And the fact of the matter is if she is talking to you。

 she's obviously not doing something that urgent。 So it gives you a situation where you can screen her logistics without hearing a lot of negative information。

 You'll hear the information in a more positive context rather than a more negative one。

 and it's one that will make her seem less busy rather than more。

 So it will give her every excuse to hang out with you a bit more。

 Now when I say and there's a reason why I ask。 The reason I throw that in is just in case she has really really bad logistical situation at least she won't just leave right there。

 she's at least going to stay to hear the reason why you ask her at least stay to continue the conversation。

 So that hooks it in a little bit more。 And those off chances that you get very negative information so that's the phrase I use。

What are you doing this exact second and there's reason why I ask， or I'll use some part of it。

 but the big thing is you need to screen and find out her situation one way or another。

 super super critical without that information， it's very。

 very difficult to run the set properly because you may have 30 seconds or you may have 30 hours and again。

 they're very， very different scenarios。The next couple factors in how to do an instant date really get to what is the female psychology of the instant date。

 and the instant date for you。 you may be thinking all the way to I want to have sex with this girl for the girl is's not like that for the girl again。

 girls aren't like a light switch on or off in terms of attraction。 It's more of a dimmer switch。

 It's more attraction over time and they need to spend that time with you in order to feel it。

 So what you need to think in terms of getting girls home In dating。

 having a successful dating life in general is think about singles not home runs Think about just getting to the next step than the next step than the next step。

 not about getting all the steps in one。 I call this baby stepping。

 So rather than think about I met this girl， now how do I get her directed to my place。

 I met this girl， how do I get her to spend five minutes with me。

 I met this girl and she spend five minutes with me。

 How do I get her to come somewhere where it's relaxing and casual and we're together and we can spend an hour together。

 And then you say， okay， cool， if it's going really well。

 Maybe you'll take her back to your place If not， how do I get this girl to a place that's。

Little more intimate and has a little more of a sexual vibe。 And then you think。

 how do I get this go back to my place。 So instead of going for one huge sale。

 you go for a bunch of little sales within it and each of the little sail。

 you're more likely to hear yes to。 This again may remind you of invisible escalation。

 two steps forward to one step back， It's the same concept over and over again throughout game。

 which is every time that you do something and you hear yes， it makes the next yes easier。

 every time you do something you hear no， it makes the entire situation more difficult。

 So it's better to go for little things and build it up than to go for the whole thing all at once。

 So that's the idea of baby stepping。 Lastly， how do you make the sale。

 How do you convince the girl to go with you specifically。 Well， here's the thing。 Most guys。

 if they're trying to convince the girl to go on an instant8， they'll try and hype up the instant8。

 And there is some validity to this in some value。 If it seems like a really cool place。

 it may intrigu and she may like it。 So definitely don't make the place seem boring。

 and definitely don't go out of your way。 not to hype up the place。 But understand this。

 if the girls are already talking with。😊，She already likes you。

 So the bigger factor is not her liking you or her being interested or her being like aroused by the whole situation。

 The bigger factor is her safety。 Okay understand that women are smaller than men。

 bad things do happen to women in certain situations。 and so women are taught from a very。

 very young age to be cautious around men So what she wants to hear when she's gonna go somewhere with a stranger。

 which let's be fair in five minutes， even if she likes you， you still are a stranger。

 what she wants to hear is not that it's amazing， amazing， amazing。

 she wants to hear it's safe and if you want to leave you can So instead of trying to sell how amazing it is。

 you sell how low risk it is you sell how much it's not a big deal say oh yeah。

 let's go to this bench its just right over here oh yeah we're gonna go over here it's just a couple blocks。

 no big deal that kind of stuff another good phrase and I use this for pulling from clubs。

 I use this from taking girls home from dates and I'll use it for instant dates if I have to even the full phrase。

 but definitely the concept is we're gonna go somewhere lovely that you。Love， if you don't love it。

 then you can leave。 And it doesn't really matter either way， because I'm having a good time。

 And that's what really matters。 This is the key phrase to pulling key phrase to inscinating。

 key phrase to getting go home from a date。 And actually， in a way。

 the key phrase to all of pick and meeting girls， because it conveys everything you want。

 We're gonna go to good place， like a lovely place that you'll love， right， That's good， right。

 It's a positive place， it's not a shitty place。 That's important。 next and most important。

 And if you don't love it， then you can leave。 If you don't love it， you can go home， right。😊。

It's not obligation。 It's not binding。 It's not a big deal。 There's no pressure。

 There's no like confinement or constraint。 It's a totally safe offer。 That's very。

 very critical because again， the biggest concern for girls when they then you change with guys。

 is not that it won't be fun。 It's that it won be super awkward。 and that it won't be safe。

 right So she knows she can leave。 That makes her at ease with the whole situation。

 And then the last part's very important as well。 I'm having a good time。

 no matter what That's important because you're conveying to her that you're viewing the interaction as a fun interaction is an experience。

 which is how she's viewing it as well。 as opposed to how most guys view it。

 which is as a victory or as a situation where they want to get something from her or use her in some way。

 So it's a very valueoffer frame and a very fun experiential frame。

 and that frame is gonna help you a lot。 So again， that phrase thats super critical because it bears repeating。

 We're gonna go somewhere lovely that you will love。 If you don't love it， then you can leave。

 And it doesn't really matter because either way I'm having a good time。

 And that's what really matters， isn't it So that phrase that。😊，Sup， super， super critical。

 All right， so when you go out there and do your day game。

 I want you to start doing those instant dates， I want you to just ask， just go for it。

 know the mentality， know that it's important and have the right frame， which again。

 is that that super frame that I just mentioned to you。

