# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#7【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

I is another girl， actually， same day， same park。 This is， again。

 the first day that I got recorded in field。 A little fun note is I I did three approaches that day。

 and I went 3 for3。 So my first day recording， I went 3 for three， which was nice， Three numbers。😊。

This girl basically likes me throughout， but she has a boyfriend。

 That's the big opposite I have to deal with。 And the key lesson out of this one is two steps forward。

 one step back。 It's you keep trying to close。 But then whenever it doesn't work， you back off。

 relax， chill out and try again。 So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna make an attempt to escalate。

 If it's received well， I'll escalate some more。 If it's received badly， I back off。

 have normal conversation。 and then only try and escalate once it's going well again。

 So it's that constant cycle。 And it's just just basically a never ending cycle。

 But by doing it that way， you don't risk big rejections， but you're also escalating very fast。So。

 I'm gonna。I will give a lot of fee， like feedback and， and breakdown on the start of it。

 And then towards the end， I'll just kind of let it run a little bit。Hey there。Hi， how are you。

 I'm Tod， by the way。I have to say that I admire how you've chosen to spend your Wednesday。 Oh。

 thank you。 welcome on So I just wanted to come to idea you。 Oh Well， hi， nice to meet you。😀。😊。

It was nice to meet you。Alright， positive or negative， very negative， right， however。

 easily dealt with too， possibly。I mean， I don't know you yet， but you seem cool so far。

So what's your story， student out for the summer， nothing to do？I work。 I professional my。Thank见。

Okay， yeah， it's funny， so it's the only context ever used Oh really other than that。

 like maybe just help people wash， like help people bathe。It's cool， perspective and you。

I'm a life coach。I enjoy it。Ps the bills keeps me in food， lets me travel。Who's that one？急。

He is adorable。 Thank you。And you're not so bad yourself。你看。

So I just compared her negatively with a dog。 But it's also the first real show of intent， right。

 You're not so bad yourself。 and how does she respond。 Thank you。 big smile。 happyappy voice。 right。

 So that's positive。 So I try to escalate。 a positive reaction。 So I'm gonna escalate more。

 What am I gonna do。 I'm gonna get out of this awkward crouching position。 number one。

 I'm gonna sit down。 And number two， I'm gonna start already trying to make plans。

 Remember as soon as you get an indication the girl likes you， you should start making plans。

 Now should start doing it softly You don't just drop shit on like you look cute。 She goes thank you。

 like， okay， so let's get together for a drink Tuesday night7， That's a little sudden。

 but you want to start feeling it out， start getting logistics。

 start vaguely indicating that plans could happen that kind of stuff。 So。😊，After you get your town。

Um if some adorable man were to be like， we should go grab food because I haven't eaten today。

Would you be like。That noise right there。Positive or negative。Very negative。

 So now I'm gonna back off， right。 And this is why when I'm doing the soft close， I talk slowly。

 I said， would you be like and then she negative expression， now。

 I haven't committed to the close yet， I can back it off。 I can chill out。

 I can change the direction。 And it's not a real rejection。 So because I need get a real rejection。

 can back off， be cool， be casual。 Try again。 Would you be like。

Be gone with you and never again darken my doorstep adorable there。I am seeing someone。 It's okay。

 it's just food。 I know， I don't think I I don't think I can。Don't thinking go too happy。

He'll be around shortly really all right we'll have to do another time then。

So a couple interesting things just happened here。 Numb one， I found out she had a boyfriend。

 So that tells me that and and more importantly than she has a boyfriend that he'll be there shortly。

 Okay， so that changes my outcome for the interaction。

 My outcome before was I want to take her do something right now。

 And that's always my default outcome。 I want to take her on a date right then and there。

 But if the boyfriend's come to meet her soon。 It's gonna be very hard to get her to ditch the boyfriend to come on a date。

 there's a lot of risk there for her。 So now what I want instead is I want a solid number。

 I want a number that will actually follow up so I can meet her at a time when there isn't a boyfriend coming soon。

 so that's very important。 the second thing that's kind of interesting there is I was going for plans。

 And she says，'ll be around shortly， etc ce。 I said， okay。

 we'll have to do another time then And she says， okay。😊，So technically。

 she just agreed to make plans with me。 She just agreed to a date with me。Right， I mean。

 she didn't actually。 But in terms of context in terms of how things are from that moment on。

 I can treat it as though she did。 I can act as though she did。 right。

 that's called like sneaking one past the goalie。 So a little technique we use in pulling a lot of times。

 but it's great because she was， it was so much less nervous for her to say， you know。

 let's do plans sometimes Then let's do plans right now that she immediately agreed to it。

 So it's a little kind of a glitch that you can use。musing。

 So you just don't work on this breed just happy today off and you just kind of decided day。

 I work half a day。😊，This morning， and then I was out。I'm now yep， do you live in the area。

 exactly what kind of work got you now？My favorite workout is for hours don't say that， not that one。

 something else， something PG， sorry。And that's just an example of the fact that I'm always sexualizing in conversation in little ways。

 My favorite workout for cardio， no， no， no， don't say that one。 Not that。 something P G has in like。

 don't say sex， right。But it's， it's。It's very blatant and sexual。

 But I'm implying that she was the one that's being blatantly sexual and not me。 So again。

 it's risk free。 So I'm doing all these things where I'm injecting man to woman vibe。

 I'm injecting sexuality。 I injecting escalation into the set。

 But I'm doing it all in this way that's either like framed in the negative。 or it's her fault。

 or it， it just happened。 And I just realized it by accident， that kind of stuff。Right， so it's all。

 it just happened。 It's all faultless。I spin， yeah。Interesting。I like that， but。I like that。

 but I can only do it so often。I get two weights as a guy。feels like feel I feel like a big。

 strong man， like I'm like killing a bear or something。You get do it every day， though。No。

 you got to rest， you got to let your muscles actually grow instead of tearing them down every day exactly。

So I'm gonna grab food with you。 Not necessarily right now， but at some point。 Alright。

 so there I make the plan again。 She reacts kind of like neutral to negative。 So then I back it off。

 not necessarily right now， but at some point。Right， so when， again， if it's in negative。

 you pull it back， soften it， pull it away and go back to normal conversation。 know。

 new in town could use good female friends at a minimum。喝远。看看。I don't know。

 My boyfriend won't be very happy。 So you' gonna see it's getting closer every single time。 right。

 It's like， okay， oh wait， wait， no， no no， what did I just do no， I can't do that right。

 But emotionally， she wants to right， So now it's just a matter of either getting the motion strong enough to overcome the logic or just giving her logical excuse。

 which is what I'm gonna sort of do pretty soon。 is give her a few logical excuses。😊。

Tell him I'm gay， and that's a logical excuse。Even even though she knows it's not true。

 it's still a logical excuse。 this thing we don't lie to each other。 It's cool。

 I'm gay I'm like gay I'm I'm like gay know typically good fashion I'。

 Yeah like the yellow shoes I do like Yeah I love these shoes。

 I do like these are the cheapest shoes I've ever gotten consistent compliments on my life。

 I think I'm gonna buy like you ever the Simpsons like this like Simpsons closet It same green dress over and over I'm do that I'm just like a closet full of these shoes thatll be for life。

 Thank you looking。😊，That's you see。I don't really want you to examine。我对三。

but then I'd feel like I was like you know cheating on you as my I would hate to do that。

 I would hate to put you through that sort of turmoil so。So how often do you have this？

I only have happyies at what you say every Wednesday。Cool， next Wednesday。Well grab it by tea。

 maybe a coffee。I don't know it'll be totally PG I'll bring a Bible I'll keep my hands in my pockets and I totally will I promise you I'll keep if you want me to I'll literally keep my hands in my pockets the whole time when we order I'll like pick it up with my mouth just for you yeah just to keep my promises because you know I don't。

I wouldn't want to play promises。This is a really subtle thing。

 So what I'm doing here emotionally makes total sense。 and it's actually quite good。 But when I say。

 like， I wouldn't want to break promises， that's logically bad。Because。

I'm basically trying to get her to break a promise to be with me， right。

 So you wantna avoid those kind of things。 You have to be very careful about the frames that you。

 you put into the interaction and the frames that you allow to be present。

 So I that's not something I really it was not smart to say that It's not a big deal because emotionally。

 I'm still communicating the right way。 But it's just one of those things you wan to avoid。

 Youan to avoid phrases that that are that are bad frames for you。 anyway。 tell you what。

What's your number， I will。Tex you， I'm going to Chicago this weekend hope we can talk while I'm in Chicago because I'm totally safe from' several states away。

And if it's fun， then we'll be friends and if it's no fun。

 you can be like fucking weird life coach guy I never want to speak to you again it will never be that way I just feel bad I know very like。

What is this， I don't lie， And I'm So what am I doing， I'm just like， I'm coming up with fun。

 interesting， funny reasons why it's okay， logical justifications。

 but it's completely in a non begging way。 There's never begging。

 It's like I's just funny that I'm throwing it out there。 I think it's amusing。

 I just think it's not a big deal。 Those are the the kind of frames。 And also。

 if there ever is a rejection。 I back off have normal conversation。

 get the mood good again before I I ask。 So it's not asking over and over and over again without anything in between either。

 right， I also theoretically， Im not asking for the exact same thing each time I'm changing up the request each time a little bit as well。

 honest。😊，I'm very gay， boyfriend， I told you I was gay。

I did I am I'm totally gay not Oh but I am you Im totally I'm even like a bottom like I'm a submissive guy I take it in the as it's terrible I mean fun。

Yeah exactly my point exactly you no I mean it's like it's kind of demeaning it she feels very dominated but like I just I like it I can't I can't get over it it's too much。

嗯。So seriously， where are we here？All right， so what's your phone， I'm going real fast？うま。啊。

By adding the words real fast there， you're gonna up your percentages considerably on the ones that are kind of whatever。

'cause you put the emphasis on the urgency rather than on the act。I don't think I can give it to you。

 I feel bad。I promise you， I cannot do anything over the phone to you。 I'm not that good。 Okay。

 what is it？Of color right now。 My name is Todd。 You can save me as that or you can save me as a gay best friend。

 if you like， however you like。 gay best friend make go for a run sometime。 Okay。

 so there now I have a number。 Now， how solid is that number。Not that solid yet。

 but there's two ways to get a solid number。 One way is to make the girl really like you。

 get her to chase。 You get her to invest and then get the number。 The other way is twist her arm。

 basically like coerce her through bambooling her to give you a number。

 And then once you have the number， Be cool， Be chill， build a good interaction。

 make her comfortable with you。 And that will make a solid。

 And the reason I chose to go that way or that route this time is that I really want to get the phone number before the boyfriend showed up。

Right，cause I've had way too many instances where the interaction is going really。

 really well as she's like super into me。 I haven't closed yet。 boyfriendriend shows up。

 And now it's just the most awkward thing that's ever existed on earth。 right。

 So here I just want to get the number number part out of the way。

 And the great thing about doing that is now at this moment， I want nothing from her。

 I don't need anything from her。 I already got the objective that I set out for。😊。

And now I can set about to like， make it more solid。 And actually， I've done this。 there。

 there are other times when I've done this kind of thing。

And it's funnycause there have been a few of those times where at the end。

 once you've actually built some time with her and made it more solid。 And she， she really likes you。

 She's like， at the end， she'll be like， hey， can I see your phone and then you'll give her the phone and she'll change the number that she gave you from a fake one she gave you before to a real one becauseuse that's what happened if you coercce her to give me a number。

 there's a chance it'll be fake， But then once you spend the time and build that comfort and like get to know her now she like。

 she' like， oh shit， I actually want this guy to call me fuck。 What am I gonna do。

 And so they change it around。's happened a couple times。😊，So anyway， two ways to get a solid number。

 And this is， this is one of the two on sometime or something。 Okay， it could happen。

 It could happen。 Who knows。 you are my gay best friend， right， so absolutely， okay。

 we'll go shopping。Hang out in the dressing room， I won't do anything naughty because it's gay so that doesn't count。

It counts， it does only if you want it to。I don't think it's an option。

it's like a free pass it's like it's like your celebrity wish list there's no passes which says I'm not I don't free I was thinking more for you than for me yout going give me when I was I was giving you one really so you don't have to feel you know。

No， no， no。Do you watch the show entourage No， Oh really， okay， Yeah， you're not in LA then because。

Is there other。Thatre like everybody watches them justca they're。

 So this is just gonna be me leading the conversation， having normal small talk whether I'm still。

 I'm still in control of the conversation。 I'm still framing it in positive ways， but it's。

 I'm not trying for anything。 There's nothing left to close for。 So now it's all just joking around。

 It's all just banter。 exactly。' think so。But again。

 I also mentioned you wan to stay after getting the number， right。

 You wna stay after getting the number that makes it solid。

 If you don't stay after getting the number， it's not。 and especially in this case。

She watch ont her sometime Okay， it's kind of a guy show。

 but it's a good show ever an event though having。Yeah。

 well living in Hollywood you kind of have to because it's like because everyone talks about it or everyone talks about it but also like it's really on point like it's like Mark Walbur wrote it and so he's been like he was up and coming like nobodys celebrity and now he's like the big celebrities who's been through all of it and so everybody that's in Hollywood in the entertainment and business like can relate to some part of the show and so everybody just like but anyway there was a one episode where。

Where Vincent Chase was like this girl's like celebrity crush so she was like getting married。

 but she and her husband had like this or fiance had this list where it's like if it's this person it's okay I never thought I'd ever meet but here you are right anyway。

 its interesting so yeah I gave people like that at school。啊。You ause me seriously and honestly。

Like you're very beautiful， but I'm new in town。 So if we end up just being friends。

 I'm totally cool with that。 Okay， Allright， that's good。 Yeah， In fact， in some ways， that's better。

's good。 I'm okay with that Now， why do I do that， Why do I say like。

 it's okay if we're just friends in some ways， it's better， et cetera。 Why do I say that。😊，January。

Yes， get her around the boyfriend。 basically It's to give her an excuse。

 It's to give her an excuse that it's not， She's not doing anything wrong if she comes to see me。

 right now， I have every belief that if she hangs out around me long enough。

 I am way better than her boyfriend。That's just my belief with every guy。

 So all I want to do is just get her out with me in person at a time when we have time to interact from there。

 I just trust myself。 I trust my future self to be attractive。

 I trust my future self to be the right kind of guy to attract her。

 But what I want to avoid is the situation where she feels great in the moment because she's enjoy the interaction。

 But then after she's like， what did I do。 Or afterward， she sees the text。 She's like， too risky。

 Don't want to do it， etc ceter。 So I'm just trying to give her every possible excuse。

 Every possible reason why it's okay。😊，Oh man some。When I have a boyfriend。

 that's the only way That's okay， I'm gay， it's cool。

 you're going to explain this what I I just say he in a couple languages。What's freedom。

 What language is that？I like I don't know what language that is Wait freedom f Oh I actually have no idea All right I should go because I was actually on my way to go me friends when I when I happened to upon you you have friends you've only been here for 10 days I'm very shy Yeah I guess so。

No I had friends when I moved here and I have a few more now than I did then。

 but yeah you yourself thanks I appreciate okay， I should go you're amazing。 It was amazing meeting。

 I enjoyed you meeting you as well Oh thank you。 You have my I do。

 I will talk to you soon one way another。Have a good1。

