# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：1. 夜间游戏和白天游戏的区别：2 如何像专业人士一样进行日间游戏【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

The next thing I want to address to you is something that a lot of people don't really consider when they start thinking about day game。

 but it's incredibly， incredibly important。 And this is having an overall plan for how you're gonna do day game because there's all these like do you have good game or not。

 how do you run a particular interaction and that's important。

 but if you don't have a plan for how you're gonna fit day game into your life and how you're gonna go through your day in such a way that day game happens。

 it just won't happen。 obviously if you're sitting in your basement。

 doing work and never leaving the house， it won't happen。

 but also if you're rushing around doing chores all the time。

 you feel pressed for time you don't know your areas you don't know where you can take girls on dates。

 those kind of things it won't happen in your favor either。

 So I'm gonna give you kind of a list of important points that you really need to hit if you want to be a truly successful day gamer And again。

 these aren't like things that make your game better， but if you have a better plan。

 a guy with a good plan that has mediocre game will do better than a guy with no plan who has great game so get this plan down。

 I can't emphasize to you how important it is So without further ado。

Here are a list of some of the things that you want to do to have a great plan and make day game work for you。

First off， you need to plan your day so that you have time to day game。

 and I'll give you a couple examples of that。 One thing that I know that I did for a period of time was every single obligation I had in life。

 I just tried to be 15 minutes early and what I did actually is I had 15 minutes early and then I'd bring a book or I'd have like something queued up on audible just in case I actually got there early so I could use my time productively But what would happen is by being 15 minutes early。

 when you see that girl on the street or the train or like the bench or in your building or whatever。

 instead of being like oh I'm in a hurry， I can't approach her and having that excuse you have 15 minutes to do a pretty damn good approach。

 So there's no excuse。 and also if the approach goes well。

 you have enough time to instead of it being just a quick number。

 you can actually turn it into a real interaction that would build a solid number and a solid lead for you if you were in a hurry and didn't have that 15 minutes。

 you wouldn't get that result regardless of your game if you' if're a hurry don't do don't do the approach。

How good your game is doesn't matter because she never saw it so that's one thing I did at one point was 15 minutes early all the time。

 Here's a couple other things that I did that were huge for lifestyle and day game。

 Se one was when I used to live in New York， every single time I would ride the subway whatever subway car I would get in on I would walk onto the car and I would immediately walk through the car from back to front And if I saw a girl。

 I had to open her the second。 I saw her And if there was a hot girl in my car great， that's amazing。

 I would start the approach。 If not I would get to the front of the car at the next stop。

 I would jump out of the car， jump in into the next car and hop in the back and do that same walk。

 and so say I was going six subway stops I would get six different cars worth where I could possibly find a girl and obviously within a few cars usually find a cute girl。

 which meant I was doing an approach every single time I was on the subway which actually meant that almost every single time I left the house。

 I came back with somewhere between like one and three phone numbers talk about abundance every time I leave the house I get one to three phone numbers。

 holy shit。 that's incredible。Now you have girls in your life。

 who have all the right things going for you。 So that's crazy good。

 Last one I'll tell you similar kind of to the subway one in a way was I made a criteria for myself every time I would go to the gym because the gyms kind of an activity that has some flex time to it every time I'd go to the gym between the time I left the house travel to the gym。

 went to the gym came back and got in the house I would have to have done three approaches and actually I was living near Harvard Square so what would happen is if I hadn't done my three approaches by the time I got back to Harvard Square。

 Id do three approaches in that square before I would go home and three approaches is really good。

 we'll talk about that in a second but three approaches for me is the amount it usually takes me to build really。

 really good momentum。 So it would happen actually and doing three approaches sometimes I'd be kind of down I'd just do my three approaches and go home but a lot of times after three approaches I would be loving and I'd be getting good results and I'd stay and do like10 approaches and like have dates for months so that's what you really want to be doing in that case is creating a way that digging。

It's in your life in a way that's not super try hard again。

 it's better to not block off like six hours to go walk around the mall， I mean。

 if you're learning by all means do that and do it for the practice。

 but once you get good you want digging to be a part of your life so plan it and fit it in your life because if you don't plan it。

 it won't happen。Next key point to successful day game。

 Know your area and know the area you're going out in。 The best day game。 phone numbers are great。

 but the best day game is when you can do instant dates。

 If you happen to know there's an amazing smoothie place around the corner。

 that's great for an instant。 You happen to know the best place to a little secluded area on the beach that like tourists don't go to that's great for an instant date。

 If you happen to know the cool pool in Vegas。 I live in Vegas that you can take someone too etc。

 that's great for an instant date if you don't know that stuff， you can still instant。

 you can still be like， hey， I know a cool place， start walking and figure out as you go。

 but if you know where're going， it's going to be easier。

 So know the instant dates near where you're going， also know instant dates near your house。

 no good excuses that you can bring them back to places near your house because that's gonna make it easier to pull。

 again， you can game fine without that information but you're fighting more uphill battle。

 The more information you have on your side， the better off you'll be。 So do a little research。

 It doesn't take long。10 minutes may be the difference between you getting laid and not getting laid。

 Next， have a standard for what you will consider to be an approach。

Means don't give yourself excuses okay if you're at a level of game that you're getting pretty good responses from girls at that point。

 don't consider being like hi you're cute and walking off an approach。

 make yourself go and show intent， make yourself ask for a phone number So come up with a standard of what is a good effort for you that corresponds to your level of game If you have severe approach anxiety just saying hi maybe that standard if you are very advanced probably you need to try and close to count as that standard。

 but hold yourself to a standard of performance so that it actually counts so that you know that you've stepped up and be proud of yourself every time you hit that standard regardless of the result you get from the girl next。

 I kind of mentioned this earlier， give yourself permission to warm up。

 give yourself permission to kind of suck for the first three to five sets。

 understand there's three and a half billion girls on the planet roughly you're not gonna run out and of that three and a half billion a ton of them are hot So if you happen to talk to a couple girls and it doesn't go the greatest who cares it probably will go better than you think anyway。

 probably just be like friendly but then okay nice to meet you whatever。

Then you're on to the better approaches later。 but give yourself permission。

 Don't be hard on yourself。 understandstand that even the best guys in game need to warm up。

 Don't be the guy that you do one bad approach， you get down on yourself and you don't want to do more approaches。

 remember the story of me in Boston' do those three approaches。

 sometimes they wouldn't go well and then I just go home and that's that a lot of times they would go well build that momentum and that's great and that's what you really looking for so give yourself permission to warm up。

 give yourself permission to have a couple sets that don't go that well if you want go talk to a couple guys or talk to an old lady talk to someone and just get your mouth running that'll help you warm up as well But even if you're talking to girls from the start。

 it's okay to mess up with a hot girl。 there will be more and she probably won't remember In fact。

 if she does remember you she'll probably vaguely remember she's seeing you think you're her friend and talk to you better the next time you see I've actually had that happen to me too so the big thing is the first three to five sets don't matter。

 go out get that momentum you owe it to yourself for process and understand that game is it's about getting girls yes。

 but more it's about。Process of becoming the man you want to be。 And that's just your process。

 That's just something you need to do along that path。 Now， if in those three to five sets。

 things go really well。 Obviously， if you have time， stay and do some more。

 write that momentum and game more when things are going well。 If things are not going well。

 you're having a bad day。 chill out， go do something else productive You're having a great day ride that momentum。

 get to that peak and enjoy the results because it'll be really really good。

 Last thing to think about in terms of overall plan for your day game。

 is understand there are three types of styles that are really good in day game。

 The first is the quick phone number， you just get a phone number really quick， it may be flaky。

 but you just get lots and lots of numbers。 you follow up with them。

 get as many days as you can and try and work it from there And that's a totally valid style。

 next style is try and do the solid number。 whether that means staying longer in the interaction or doing a quick little instant date and then getting the number from there。

 you get the solid number， you're gonna get fewer numbers because it takes more time。

 But the numbers you get will be less flaky and the dates you go on will tend to be higher by in dates。

Get a higher closed percentage off your dates。 So that's another strategy。

 And then the third strategy is try for the instant day。

 try and take the go home right then and there。 My personal strategy is to go for the instant date and take the go home if possible。

 And if I think she's really a high quality girl and then settle for the other two if necessary。

 but any of these styles are totally valid。 Any of these styles are things that I've done at various points in my game and then have gotten me tremendous results。

 The quick numbers thing is how I got laid for the first。

 basically four years I was in game and it did great for me。

 I had dates every single week and even when my game sucked。

 So it's a totally valid way to go decide what your time allows for decide what your personality allows for pick a style and become excellent at that style。

 Ily know how to do all the different styles， but pick your personal style， they're all just fine。

 They're all great styles， pick it， go with it， know they're all possible and figure out what works for you personally。

