# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：10. 如何带女孩回家：2 让她想和你单独相处【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Alright， so let's get into the technical aspects of getting a girl to come home with you。

 Be comfortable in your place so that good things can happen from there。

 The first thing I want to point out to you is this is a discrete skill。

 A lot of guys seem to be of the impression that if you just get the girl turned on enough or get her to like you enough that this part will take care of itself。

 And in some strange rare cases that will be the case。

 but most of the time you're going to have to make the move。 you're going to have to lead。

 you're going to have to figure out how to make it happen。

 And so the model I want to have in your head is this。

 instead of thinking about getting a girl 10 out of 10 attracted to and things just happen。

 understand that girls don't need to be 10 out of 10 attracted in order to have sex。 remember。

 girls like sex too， they just want it to go down in a way that makes them feel like they're not sluty。

 they want it to just happen。So in practical， like in reality。

 you're going to probably end up getting better results。

 getting a girl 7 out of 10 attracted to you and then solving all the problems。

 helping her get out of her own way， making it a smooth transition， a smooth process。

 than you will by trying to get her 10 out of 10 attracted so understand that。

 understand that it is a case of problem solving And in order to problem solve。

 you need to find out the right information， You need to screen for what her situation is。

 What's she doing later in the day， whos she there with it， if anything。

 Is she meeting up with someone， Does she have obligations in the morning， those types of things。

 if you know that information， you have a pretty good solution to how to get a girl to go home with you。

 whether it be from day game from a date， etc， etc。You need the information。

 You need to solve the problems and just help her get out of her way。 That's absolutely critical。

 Okay， understand it's not about game。 It's about problem solving。 next。

 I mentioned earlier that you need to what I call seed the pull early on。

 You need to start bringing up the idea of going home with her， bringing her back to your place very。

 very early on in the interaction because that gives you information And also it gives you a long time to deal with the objections。

 but how do you seed the pull。 Do start out by just saying things like oh。

 we should go home later that's pretty bt and that's pretty obvious。

 And that's almost like just trying to pull too early。

 And I think that's the reason why guys don't pull early is they want to know that right moment to pull the trigger。

 don't want to like try you know do that try hard move or do that move they could burn it before they're absolutely ready。

 So they're waiting for the perfect moment， waiting for the perfect moment the perfect moment never comes instead of what you want to do。

 You want to start seeding it early。 but you want to do it if possible in the negative。

 So you could talk， you could say things like oh， you know what。

 there's this great thing I'd love to show you some。 But you know what。

 let's just enjoy ourselves for now we can do that later。

 So you're bringing up the idea that you could。😊，Maybe do something but you're not needy。

 you're not even trying， in fact， if anything you kind of denied it or you' gonna be like。

 you know what it's too bad。 I don't know you a little better because there's this thing I'd love to show you or this thing I'd love to do with you and that's gonna get them intrigued And the focus in their mind because what's emotionally relevant is going to be on the fact that you said they couldn't do it or the fact that you said you need to know them better or the fact that you're a man of standards that you're not just like going after them just because they're a girl with a vagina the fact that you have standards and you are willing to be patient that's gonna to make them chase it And so if anything by the time it comes around to let's go home。

 they're probably asking you hey， what about those pictures you were gonna show me what about that thing we were gonna do together and then they're actually an active participant in going home so you want to bring it up very very early。

 bring it up in the negative， bring it up as something you're not sure about。

 bring it up as something that can't happen yet that sort of thing and again that's gonna to give you all that information。

 what their objections are， whether it can work whether it can't work But again it gets you there without hearing no right。

Big part of game is you want to escalate and not hear no。

 escalate and not hear no escalate and not hear no。

 You want to escalate at the right pace so that you're hearing yes， yes， yes， instead of no， no， no。

 Allright， So very， very critical that you do that。 And if you're saying no to it。

 they can't say no to it。 All right Quick word on this being manipulative。

 It is ever so slightly manipulative。 But it's also simulating what a high value man would do a high value man has a lot of girls in his life a high value man values his time。

 And he's not willing to just bend over backwards and sp his entire day with any random girl that he meets right。

 So you're stimulating that And in the long run when we become abundant。

 you'll actually be living that next key concept for getting the girl to go home is what I call baby steppingping。

 And this is the idea that it's a lot easier to get a series of small yeses， than one big yes。

 So if you if your ask is you know， let's go straight from meeting on the street corner So let's go home right now。

 That's a pretty big deal。 That's a pretty hard thing for a girl to accept。But if instead it's like。

 hey you know what we're over here， let's go grab a quick of coffee。 You know what。

 there's this great place around the corner。 I like to show you。 You know what。

 let's go for a quick walk on the beach。 I can't stay long， but whatever。 actually。

 you know those pictures I's gonna show you you can come in hang out for a little bit。

 but then you have to leave So instead of doing one big obvious step， it's five smaller steps。

 And each of those steps is a very easy， Yes， All And also remember， commitment and consistency。

 every time she says yes， the next yes becomes easier and easier and easier。

 So the yes to the coffee makes the yes to the walk on the beach easier。

 which makes the yes to coming home easier， etc。 in that particular case。

 So think of it not as from point A to point Z， think of it as point A to B B to C C to D etc。

 and be willing to take your time with it， which brings you to the next point， which is B patient。

 if you appear like you're in a rush， that makes you appear needy。

 that makes you appear outcome dependent。 And that makes you appear like you have an agenda If you can't wait to get her home。

😊，If you have to get her home in two hours， it makes it seem like it's like if she spends more than two hours。

 she'll realize I'm a fraud and I'm not that cool。 or if it's more than two hours。

 then we won't have a good time hanging out together anymore。

 you should come from the frame that the longer the girl spends with you the more she's gonna like you。

 So your whole goal is spend time with her and let her get to know your personality be patient。

 act like you've been there before a good frame for this is pretend like one of two things pretend she's already your girlfriends because with your girlfriend。

 you know you're going home with her at the end of the night So you just spend the day out enjoying yourself with the assurance that good things are gonna happen or pretend that like she's a girl that's had a crush on you for once and has been like pursuing you and asking you and you know you could have it any time because that's when you're going to be your most assured and genuine and you're just going enjoy the moment because you already know the outcome。

 there's no outcome dependence because the outcome is assured So take one of those sort of vibes and philosophies and be as patient as you would there enjoy the process。

 Under that the process and the eventual sex ideally will be better。For the girl。

 if there is for play there is buildup。 and actually， it'll probably be better for you as well。

 And especially if you want to keep the girl around and have a relationship。

 you're gonna have to spend that time getting to know。

 you may as well take your time and enjoy it and understand that if you appear needy if you're trying to say you could have could sleep with a girl in like two hours。

 if you try and shorten that to half an hour And she starts saying， no， no， no。

 all of a sudden it gonna to take8 hours or 10 hours or may never happen。

 Whereas if you could sleep with a girl in two hours and you take it a little slower and sleep with her in two and a half hours。

 it's not really that big of a deal。 And in fact， the sex at two and a half hours might even be better sex。

 than it would have been after two。 so be patient， act like you've been there before。

 act like the guy who's in abundance at all times。