# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：9. 如何给女孩发短信.打电话：3 如何给女孩发短信.打电话内场演示【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So I'm going to show you text and phone game all the way from getting the number to getting her out on a date and I'll show you three examples。

 one of which is very straightforward， the other ones where there's a little bit of you know back and forth in the text。

 but where we eventually get a good result， the result that you want All right。

 so for that I'm going to need not the computer， but my phone。First one here。

 we start off the first text you see is her name with a heart and I'd like to claim that the set was so good that she just sent me that out of nowhere。

 but what actually happened was at the time of getting the number。

 I actually texted this to myself and this was my cute way of saving my name and her phone getting you a little bit of interplay between us etc。

 so I sent this text to myself。And then my follow up to this was I said。

 I'll bet you a drink you'd rather be hanging out with me than doing paperwork right now。

 And this was a call back to the conversation we'd had。

 and the fact that she said she had know lot to do for work that kind of stuff。

 And this is a fine text as far as it goes because what I was planning on doing was either leaving it。

 And then if she answered I was planning on actually being a little conversational and building some rapport so that it doesn't look like I'm needy for plans。

 However， what I ended up doing was actually huge mistake because she ended up writing back。

 she wrote LoL， but I have no choice as in she was interpreting it as though I was seriously asking for plans And then at this point I was actually busy。

 I had other plans at night and didn't get back to her And so it actually looked like I had been needy for plans。

 So by by making this error。 I actually took what was a very solid number and I turned it into something more flaky。

 So from here on you're gonna to see I have a little more work to do。

 But it turns out okay in the end。So I actually left it for something like two days。

 which probably isn't ideal at all。 like I said。 But then I came back with hey， pretty girl。

 what does your schedule look like the next couple days。

 And I assume because the interaction had been positive enough， I still could get away with it。

 I assumed I still had enough social capital to get away with this sort of a text but turns out that she didn't respond back。

 She responded a silence， which indicates to me that I didn't have so much social capital。

 So then my next text was。Okay， I'm headed to Chicago tomorrow， but let's talk soon。 Now。

 I think this is a pretty good text because it's clearly not making plans。

 I'm indicating that I'm texting her without any attempt to make plans at all because I'm literally leaving the city。

 I'm not even available， but I just want to talk。 So it seems much more， more。

 much less needy and much less like trying for plans because again。

 the error that I had made was just plans， plans， plans， So I'm trying to avoid that。

So then she responds， hey， I'm so sorry。 we haven't haven't had a chance to get together。 Okay。

 so that's pretty positive。 right， as far as all that goes， very， very positive。

 clearly responding well， etc cetera。 So I think we're back on like pretty good terms。

 And that would have been better again if I'd never made that initial mistake。

 But as is we're in good shape。And here I think this is a really， really good text because again。

 I don't want to make plans。 I just want to offer value， make it fun and funny。

 So I give her kind of a backhanded compliment， say no problem。

 If you weren't a bit ambitious and busy， I probably wouldn't like you anyway。

 So this is an example of a pure value text right There's no attempt at plans。

 There's no attempt to ask what it's just pure value just building social capital。

 which is exactly what I need to do here because early on I already overspent the social capital I had。

Go is LOL， which is fine。 Any answer to that is totally fine。

 Even a no answer to that would be kind of fine， but an answer is better。Okay。

 so now I am you know coming back into town and now I want to make plans。 So I go。

 hey you sorry it's been a bit had a crazy weekend。 So here I'm sort of hinting at the idea of plans。

 but I'm not really going there。 Also the thing that I do a lot here as I say sorry it's been a bit。

 I sort of apologize for not getting back to them and it makes it look like if anything I've been the flaky one I've been neglectful once So it's assuming a position of value。

So she goes no worries， which that's hard to interpret。 it could be positive， it could be negative。

 I interpret it in this case kind of as like sort of neutral like she likes me。

 she's not like super invested。 she's not waiting by the phone for me but like she does like me。

So then I go for the next step in the soft clothes to kind of see where I'm at。

 I say you in town this week are going away for the fourth。 She goes in town so far。

 That's very positive， right， It's very， very positive， very compliant。

 very much along the lines of plans。 here， I tried to like actually call and then wasn't able to get a hold of her。

 So then I go， you're tough to get a hold of。 But if you're still free。

 it could be fun to grab a drink this weekend。😊，So then she says。

 I'm so sorry I've been doing work thing which is blurred out this week before the holiday。

 let's try for it。So let's try for it again。 very， very positive。 obviously。

 So I go cool Sunday brunch and drinks。 Que mark。And she doesn't respond。 So here again。

 I'm trying for a plans。 She seems a little nervous about it。 So now dot dot dot question mark。

 I mentioned this as one of my favorite texts of all time because it's very entitled。

 It says I deserve a response。 A lot of guys won't won't text in this box。

 they don't want to seem needy， but being nonney。 They' not responding。

 not following up is actually untitled。 It's like saying I don't believe that I'm worthy of a response。

 So actually really like the dot do dot question mark。 In this case， even that didn't get a response。

 So I go， this is another one that I use on like when the girl's flaking a little bit。 De diary。

 cute girlvan， Should I send search party right。So now she finally responds。 Ha ha， I'm so sorry。

 work has been demanding。 key lesson out of all that， by the way。

 is a lot of you probably would have given up there。 right。 Instead， keep texting a couple times。

 You can turn that like flaky number that's off into something good。 So ha， I'm so sorry。

 work has been demanding。I say no problem you free this weekend。She goes birthday weekend for me。

 you have some friends in town or you up for something midweek next week。 So this is good。 actually。

 like she's very positive。 She's making plans。 And throughout like the issue has never really seemed to be that she doesn't want to hang out。

 as she's been that she's busy。 So she's not getting back。 But every time she does get back。

 it's really positive。 So I'm not overly concerned overall。

 So I go sure as long as it's before Thursday， when were you thinking。 And she goes。

 how is Wednesday。 And we go with Wednesday is perfect。 And then from here。

 we went to the phone conversation。 So that was the end of the textual exchange on this one。

 But you can see how we took something very flaky， not even responding and turned it around to plans。

 So that's a pretty good example of knowing where your social capital is at。

 knowing how and when to spend it and when not to spend it when you need to build it versus when you need to spend it。

😊，So here's another example with a very hot girl who， again， is busy， has plans that kind of stuff。

 clearly likes me， clearly is positive， but she， you know， is busy， is a little flaky by nature。

 And so there are times when she just goes a bit silent。

 So let's look at it from the start and just take from the top。

 So I start with a basic message that I send a lot。 Hey， it's Todd Look forward to talking too soon。

 Please save this number。 She can be appropriately excited for my call winki face。😊。

And she responds simply withH。Not the most committed response ever， but it's something， right。

 It's Alicia is responding。 So here I took till the next day to get a hold of her， which， you know。

 is late at night， I was asleep。 So I I responded the next day when I woke up。 Hey， sorry。

 I haven't get in touch with you。 Are you free to talk this evening。No response to that。

 So here I'm starting to look a little try hard， etc cetera。

And I kind of forgot about this girl at this point because it was like。

 she didn't respond this early in the conversation。 It was a little flaky。

 but I did my due diligence。 followed up a couple days later。 What time are you free tomorrow Morrow。

 Still silence。 Okay， so now one more attempt， dot， dot， dot question mark。

 I have mentioned this text before。This is a very entitled text。 It basically says。

 I deserve a response。 And this text alone is something that if most guys added it to a text ski would get them massively better results。

 And lo and behold， off that text。 finally， she turns around and answers。 She goes， just woke up。

 Sorry， I had to work last night。At this point， I called her up。

 actually made plans right here and here and now for for get together。

 And then the next day she comes back to me with baby， I'm dying。 I'm nauseous。

 I had too much to drink last night。 So this is her way of like flaking on me， And at this point。

 the plans were for like， I think like 7，30 or something like that。 Or like 6 or 7。

 I don't know somewhere in the evening。 So I go， yeah， at about 4。

 I figured you were having issues tongue out。 Fortunately， I I still have my other plans。

 So we're all good。 Actually， I forgot this actually， But on the phone。

 actually mentioned to her that I had like other plans， but et cea cea。

 Is a very like high value kind of phone conversation。So then she goes， I'm so sorry， baby。

 So does she actually sorry， Not really， but she's just trying to be polite， right。

 She's using the baby as like a way to like co me and like relax me。

 But by calling me baby it makes like the the fact that she flickakked on me seem less bad。

And then she actually called me， which was actually great。 Something， hey， saw you called。

 I'm flying to Canada tomorrow。 but let's keep in touch。 Oh， this is funny， too。😊，So she goes。

 I got a mis call on 2 AM last night。 Have a safe flight tomorrow。 So what actually happened here。

 I found out later was I had butt dialed her。 And then she called me back off the butt dial。

 And so I thought she had called me。 She thought I had called her。

 But it was kind of interesting because it resuscitated things。 It started the conversation again。

 So that made it kind of work out a little bit better in the end。 And actually。

 you can use that as a technique if you want to。 This was totally intentional in this case。

 But on a really flaky number。 sometimes you can just butt dial someone intentionally butt dial them intentionally when you're in the middle of having something doing something really fun and loud。

 And that way， they kind of like hear you having like a cool life and and they want in it It's a technique。

 I don't use it much。 but it is it exists。😊，So here I called her， she didn't call back。 so I go。

 so call me maybe eventually she called back and we made plans。

 And then we see from here what time you free tomorrow。

 what time do you want to meet 730 work for you。 It's a date。 and then cool see you tomorrow。

 So there we go from there again， a little bit of flaking a little bit of you know broken plans。

 but I kept positive about it， and just was entitled and assured and basically persistent in a good way while conveying a cool life。

 Also note the use of the phone， I'm a big， big big proponent， as I mentioned of using the phone。

 if you can get the girl to pick up， you're in really。

 really good shape right so very good to use the phone as an actual phone。

 not just as a texting machine。Next example I'm gonna show you is actually really straightforward。

 And this is kind of how most of my texting goes。 The reason I show ones that aren't straightforward to you guys is because if I showed like。

 hi， hi， let's go out， let's go out all the time。 you know， it's not really educational for you。

 But most of the time you should be aware that my from getting the phone number to getting the date is pretty straightforward。

 It's pretty positive and and just goes naturally。 So this is an example that's more like that。

 So we start with that same initial text to go， hey， I actually use her name。 It's Todd。

 look forward to talking to you soon。 please save this number so you can be appropriately excited for my call。

 Winky face。😊，And she goes， hi， Todd OM G， I'm so excited。 Ha ha。 Now。

 this may sound like she's through the roof for me。 And this is a very positive response。

 But understand， there's a little bit of sarcasm in here too。 It's not like she's like， you know。

 cring in her pants for me just yet。😊，So then I called her here。 And she goes， hey， I'm sorry。

 I was on the phone when you called。 So I go， no problem I called when you're free or we can talk another day if you prefer。

 And she goes， I'm free now。 So then at this point， pick up the phone， call her again。

 have a good phone conversation。 And then we make plans。

 And then the next thing that you'll see is from me。 Let me know when you park。

 So I don't keep you waiting in the lobby too long。 She goes K 20 minutes just parked。 So showing up。

 obviously for the date。 And we meet up from there。 So this one's a pretty straightforward example。

 And this is more like what you'll typically see。 Again。

 The reason I show you the ones where there is some back and forth and some flaking is that I want you to know how to deal with that as well。

 most people can handle the straightforward ones。 It's the ones where there is a bit of flaking that people have trouble。

 So I hope that provides kind of a general synopsis of a lot of the things you're gonna be doing in texting。

I have also mentioned， though， using the phone a lot。

 So what I'm going do to end the section off is I'm gonna give you a clip from an actual phone conversation so you can hear what I do there as well。

 So enjoy that， too。😊，再见，系 how you doing。😊，Good ahead。 How are you， Macus Sly。 This is Todd， hurry。

I can't believe you forgot anyway。 Wow wow no， I， Todd， how are you， I'm good。

 Are you're in the like right in the middle of work， more that's a very official greeting。😊，Oh。

I apologize。 how you been。 I'm good。 I'm glad I finally actually got you on the phone。

 You sound just as cute as I remembered。😊，诶呵呵呵。😊，Thank you。 Thank you。Oh man。

 I just actually got back。 I when I was in Colorado yesterday。 Yeah。

 I went to my cousin's wedding So I just flew from LA to Colorado to Vegas in the last like 24 hours。

 I'm kind of exhausted happy。😊，Oh， well， that's nice。 That's nice you get to to join your family。

 Yeah， yeah， I don't go home enough。 So every time I go there， they like， come back more。

 we miss you， et cetera， so。😊，系嘅，系啊。I just returned from California， actually， for the weekend。 So。

 yeah， yeah， I had a meeting with a broker there。And。

Then spent some time with some girlfriends in Malibu and just got back so。And back to work。

Rough life a rough life。啊哈哈哈哈哈。😊，So that's good。 So we're just like with two little jet setters。

I wonder if we'll ever have time for each other。哎呀，好呵。I took a car。 I was't interested anything。

 I don't know about you。 Oh really a Yeah， fair enough。 I had， my company booked something for me。

 So I saw I I'm super question now。 Thank you very much。😊，You have a cute laugh what does let's see。

 I'm going actually back to LA on Friday。😊，So， so I'll be out of town then， but I'm here Until then。

 Are you free at all this week for like a quick drink or something。Sure， maybe on Thursday。

 it's funny。 I might be。Heading out to LA Friday or Saturday as well。 Oh， really。 maybe。 Yeah。

 not all know。I'll know by wind。 I'll know by tomorrow afternoon。 Yeah， I feel like。

I feel like you're stalking me。诶呵。😊，Everywhere I go there you are。You got me。😊，fairair enough。 Yeah。

 there there works actually， What time would you be done with like work stuff and all that。

I want to say around 6 round 6。 Okay， let's plan on maybe Thursday around 7 then and we can touch base or whatever。

 but just tentatively so I can kind of know。Yeah， that sounds good。 Okay， sounds good。

 I will look forward to it。Me too。 Okay， take care of yourself。 I will see that。三und thank you 以嗯该。😊。

So notice on the phone call and in the text how I'm persistent。 I'm always moving it forward。

 but I'm always playful and not needy。 Keep in mind the idea above all else of social capital。

 You have to build it before you can spend it， but you do need to move the interaction forward。

 You don't just want to talk and talk all day without going anywhere。

 So it's all about finding that balance of how to spend your social capital。 If you get that down。

 You're gonna get your phone and text game down to a remarkable， incredible advanced degree。😊。

