# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：9. 如何给女孩发短信.打电话：4 如何给女孩发短信.打电话家庭练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are some things you can do right at home to get you better at text and phone game。

 First exercise I'm going give you is I want you to come up with 10 memes or 10 interesting quotes。

 things like that， things that are interesting pictures。

 interesting little bits from the Internet interesting quotations。

 etcter that you could share with girls as value offering things These are things you can do when girls go silent or when you haven't talked to a girl yet。

 just something to get the conversation started when it's really。

 really faltering talk we've talked about the four different types of text。

And silence is the hardest one to deal with。 So this is gonna to help you in dealing with silence when you get it。

 It's gonna to help keep a lot of numbers alive that you wouldn't otherwise have in your arsenal。

 And the more numbers you have currently alive and going the more you have to work with the more you have to practice with the more girls you're gonna get out and also the more abundance you're gonna have overall。

 So very， very important to have these kind of just queued up ready to go so you don't have to overthink things when you end up getting a silence response。

 next exercise for getting good at text and phone game is to actually set up a tinder account and Tider is just an online dating app that's very like straightforward。

 not a lot of profiles， you just match based on pictures and go from there for anybody who doesn't know what tinder is But set up a tin accounts。

 match with girls you find it hot。 And then for a period of time make it a week a month。

 whatever however long it takes you to get really good at text game and technically phone games gonna get phone numbers from it as well。

 you have to message every girl you match with and you have to do with the intention of meeting up。

 you don't have to。Actually go on the dates， you can cancel if you want to。

 or when you get it to a point where you know you can get on a date。

 you can just quit if you're not interested， but you need to get that practice of getting girls out on dates。

 And the reason I suggest Tinder is you basically can get a ton of opportunities of people to message with。

 which with very， very little effort。 So that's the idea is just to get you tons and tons and tons of practice。

Thirdly， for anyone who really wants to play on that next level。

 I do have a product called three girlss a day， which is basically my ultimate guide to texting phone game and online game is $67 super。

 super cheap if you really want to get this area of your life handled。

 highly highly recommended go to three girlss a day。

 co So that's another option you have available to you as well。

