# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：6. 如何接吻：1 吻她的时候，你心里应该想些什么？【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So now that we've talked a little bit about how to get physical in general。

 let's talk about a specific physical move， the kiss， which highlights a lot of those principles。

 but also does break some of the rules because it's a bit of a special case。

 why is kissing a special case。 Well， I talked earlier about invisible escalation about making tiny moves and the thing with invisible escalation is no one move is super important。

 No one move seems to matter all that much like if she doesn't hug you。

 you can always just like hold her hand instead。 or if she doesn't like take your hand one time。

 you can always like give her a hug there's all these different things you can do And so there's a lot of variety and no one move matters。

 The kiss for whatever reason has huge cultural significance。 It indicates like we're together。

 we've decided we' like each other etc。 So for that reason。

 it's one of those moves that you want to you want to specifically do it as opposed to sort like generally maybe do it and you want to be sure like not to get rejected when you do it right ideally you'd like it to go over successfully because that does a lot for the overall vibe of the interaction。

Okay， so those are the reasons why kissing is a little bit special。

 It's also a bit of like a strong move as opposed to it's hard。 There aren't。

 there's not another move that's super close to kissing。

 although I will teach you some in a minute that are kind of close that help you get there。

 And so it does have to be a little more of an overt move， but generally。

 you're gonna to use the same principles as you did with all physical escalation。

 which means which brings me back again to the first point of physical escalation。

 which is just go for it。 Okay， I'm going reiterate this again times 10 with kissing。 I have never。

 ever， ever lost a girl by going for the kiss， It has not happened in all my years of dating experience。

 But I've lost many， many girls by not going for the kiss。

 I've lost many girls by letting it be too platonic， letting the opportunity pass， etc ceter。

 especially when I was first learning。Okay， in fact， I was so bad when I was first learning。

 It took me  nine months of dating and dating pretty continually to kiss my first girl。

 The first girl I kissed I actually slept with because she had to like me that much in order to kiss me。

 Allright， so and this was as a virgin。 So you can， you can get where where I was going with that。

Okay， so let's talk specifically about。It kiss， all right。You need to go for it。 Understand this。

 She will respect you for trying。OkayAnd to make this point a little clear， I want to ask you。

 what is the purpose of kissing， What is the purpose of kissing， Is it for your lips to touch hers。

 And I would say no， purpose of kissing is to convey a message。

 And what you're conveying to her is that you are the type of guy that will try to kiss her because think of this。

If you're talking， you're talking， you're talking， you try and kiss。

 She is not receptive or the kiss doesn't come off。 And then you continue talking。

 and she stays in and interacts with you。 She's now staying there and interacting with you as the guy who tried to kiss her。

 which means you still succeeded in making it a man's woman interaction。

 conveying that vibe and continuing the interaction， which is all you really need to go for。

 The kiss itself doesn't matter。 what matters is the message signaled by the kiss。

 So for that reason， there's no such thing as a failed kiss。 Either way you conveyed the message。

 Under that going in and you'll have much less nervousness about going for the kiss and actually you'll go for it in a much。

 much， much smoother way。 All right， let's get a little more specific about the theory of the kiss。

 The first thing thats super， super， super critical in the kiss。

 is what I call transference of emotions or transference of buying temperature。 So the idea here is。

 if you want someone to feel something in an interaction， you should feel that thing first。

 For example， if I want you to feel really， really frantic If I start talking really。

 really fast like this is's going to make you feel。Really fancy， it might make you less relaxed。

 it might make you kind of hyper， think of like kind of nervous things。On the other hand。

It I speak very slowly。I'm kind of relaxed。Take a deep breath。

 You're going to become more relaxed yourself listening。 All right。

 And that's because human beings are constantly pinging off each other。

 constantly reacting to each other。 So whatever energy you're putting out。

 other people are going to respond to。 So if you are bored or platonic in your energy。

 the girl is going to be bored and platonic and you have a boring platonic interaction。

If you get a little bit aroused and said， if you allow yourself to admire the girl and think of her as a sexual object a little bit and like。

 maybe even imagine yourself sleeping with her or like。

 imagine her naked a little bit as you're talking to her。

 that's going to get you in a state of physical arousal。

 When you get yourself into a state of physical arousal。

 The girl's choices basically are follow you into that state of physical arousal。

 do something really awkward or leave。And of those three choices。

 if the interaction has been going well， she's going to much prefer to follow you into that state of physical arousal。

 So she'll become aroused as well。 it's very， very important。 It's very hard to arouse a girl。

 kiss a girl， sleep with a girl。 If you're not getting sexually turned on。

 so allow yourself that privilege。 Don't think of a girl as this sort of like divine nons sexualexual angel。

 Think of her in a little bit of a dirty way。 Think of her in a way where you are objecting her a little bit。

 You're imagining having sex with her。 and that's okay。 All right， Remember， key phrasing game。

 I make no apologies for my desires as a man。 The next thing that's going to go along with this physical arousal is what I call a face shift。

 And this is basically when you decide to make that transition to becoming physically aroused。

 becoming like kind of projecting that sense of it's time for us to kiss。

 It's time for this to be romantic。 It's time for it to go somewhere。 And the face shift。

 basically is that moment you decide and it can be over time。 But a lot of times you can just like。

 it's like throwing a switch。 You just decide I've decided to。

phyhysically aroused right now and you change and so you're talking， you're talking。

 you have a normal conversation and all of a sudden， like， hey， you。Kmer。We've talked a lot。

We've talked。Too much。Come here。Right， and you just make that decision that you're going to fundamentally change the tone of the conversation。

 And again， if you fundamentally change the tone， she has the choice to go with you。

 be super awkward or leave。 So if things have been going well if she already likes you。

 she's going make the decision to go with you。 Remember， also， girls like sex a lot。

 Girl want sex probably more than we do but they can't go after it without feeling sluty and girls like being LED。

 So by phase shifting， you're helping them with all these things。

 You're helping them to have a sexual experience。 you're helping them to have the burden off their shoulders and not feel sluty and you are leading。

 Okay， So in and of itself， the face shift is extremely powerful。

 And you just need to make that strong decision， decide you're going go for it。 And probably like 90。

95% of the times when you go for the phase shift， you're going to just make that strong decision。

 you're going hold that frame of being sensual and sexual until you get the kiss or you get at least some kind of really positive advance of some kind。

Maybe one time in 20， maybe you miscalibrated， maybe something interrupts the situation。

 maybe something weird happens。 then you're gonna break it off， back off。

 go back to normal conversation。 And then at some later time， you're gonna need to phase shift again。

 Okay so that'll happen every once in a while， but most of the time， the vast majority。

 you want to hold that frame strong continue through to the moment of the kiss or the moment of some other big escalation。

 it doesn't necessarily always have to be a kiss。 Finally in order to make your kissing go better。

 I want to introduce an idea it's an idea from sales。 and it's called the trial close so in sales。

 if you were， for example， selling a car you wouldn't just list all the features and benefits of the car。

 And then at the very end and be like， so would you like to buy the car because that's very abrupt。

 It's very sudden and you haven't got any feedback along the way。

 you haven't taken them through a closing process， you haven't taken them in their minds down the road of sort of picturing how things could be and emotionally getting ready to be sold on something。

 So instead， you might say，We currently have it in stock in black， blue， red and white。 actually。

 of those colors， like just if you were to get it， what colors do you think you might like just so I can check and see if we have that model precisely。

 Does that makes sense。 So and then obviously you feel like a dick if you won't tell the guy your favorite like well I like red。

 But by saying I like red， you're getting one step closer to buying the car you're kind of indicating that if it were in red。

 you might be willing to buy it It's the same kind of thing with the girl and with various things。

 So what I'm going for a kiss， what I will do is I'll do potentially little trial closes along the way to the kiss。

 one is reach out the and pull her in towards me and see if she comes towards me。

 she comes towards me that's maybe a positive indicator for the kiss。

 Another one I really like is like brush the girls like the hair out of the face。

 and that's a really good indicator because if you out for the's hair and she goes like this she's obviously not ready to be kissed。

 But if she's receptive and you brush it back past the ear and she seems positive on that you can even reach back grab the hair give her a little。

Hair pullol， if you can do that， she's almost certainly receptive to the kiss。

One other really good one that I like as a trial close is to kind of go whisper in her ear。

 And as you whisper in her ear， you pull your face back against hers and you see how she reacts。

 And if if she doesn't pull her face away or if she even nuzzles her face closer。

 she's probably ready to be kissed。 You could even pull back and kiss her right there。

 What I typically do in that case is I typically pull back to the point she knows I could kiss her and then I pull away and don't because I find that maintains a sexual attention even more than actually kissing her would。

 But again， it's a trial clothes。 It's a way of knowing where you're at knowing what you can get away with。

 Okay so these are all very， very useful in going about getting the kiss as well。

