# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：8. 如何进行即时约会：4 如何进行即时约会家庭练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here's your at home exercise for getting instant dates。 It's very， very simple。

 It has nothing to do with game， but it has everything to do with planning and oftentimes planning is more important than your actual game。

 What you're gonna do is I want you to make a list of all the places that you can go on instant dates。

 Start off with what are places near your house， what are places near where the location you could have sex is that you could take a grow on an instant date because those are gonna be very。

 very useful for you to go back to you want to know the coffee shops near your house。

 you under the places for ice cream， the places for drinks， the places that are fun and amusing。

 maybe parks， if there's an intermediate venue， like a place that's near or part of your apartment that doesn't seem to be in the apartment complex something like if you have a pool nearby or something like that or if there's a good cool rooftop with a good view。

 anything like that that's a good instant date location you need to know about it。Secondly。

 I want you to think about the places you're likely to be meeting women。

 whether it's you go to a specific place to do day game or you meet girls in and around your office or in and around your campus or something like that。

I don't want you to think about the venue change places。

 the instant date locations there right what are the coffee shops， what are the ice cream places。

 what are the places for drinks， what are the fun social areas you can do。

 what are places you can even just go and sit down and chill out and like you know just lie in the grass whatever it is that appeals to you come up with all those locations because you're going to need to have a game plan It's very。

 very important that you have an idea of what you're doing。

