# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：10. 如何带女孩回家：1 变成一个稳定的近距离的人【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Al right， so it's finally time to talk about how to get the girl back to your place and the same principles generally apply。

 whether you're taking your straight off the street back to your place or if you've done an instant。

 although I typically do recommend the instant because again。

 a lot of times that's going to make the girl more comfortable。

 this could be more buy- in and as you'll see closing and getting the grow home is actually a bit of a process so typically because that takes time you want to do some of it over the course of an instant date however the same principles do apply regardless。

🎼But first， let's talk as always， about the mindset and mentality necessary。

 And the first thing you need to understand is that girls like sex。

 A lot of guys go through life thinking that， you know。

 it's the man's job to convince or persuade or coerce or trick the girl into sex。

 And the girls this like sweet little， innocent angel that would never do it and has no sexual desire drive。

 That's not the case。 Think about the last time you had sex with the girl。 who had more fun。

 If you're at all good in bed， it was the girl。 The girl screaming oh you're just like， you know， oh。

 this feels good。 right it's a bit of a difference， And women can have multiple orgasms。 women。

 a lot of girls actually have sex with other women are thinking way more sexual things。

 dress more provocatively， girls have sex on their minds all the time。 you need to understand that。

 Okay， So when you're closing。 When you are taking a girl home。

 when you're moving things towards sex， you're not doing something to the girl。

 you're doing something for the girl， you're helping her out。

 because girls have this interesting paradox in society where they want sex very badly。

 They're very sexual beings。😊，But they're very much judged for being sexual。

 they're very much judged as potentially sluts or like that's shameful， that's wrong。

 How could you etctera， etca， etc cetera。 And there are deep biological and like evolutionary reasons for that right a guy wants a girl that has only been with him because that way he knows it's his kid。

 etc。 But the fact of the matter is women are being judged。 So during this paradox。

 they want sex but they don't want to be judged。 So if you want to get a girl home that's the key you need to understand。

 understand she wants sex， you need to help her to have sex。

 but help her to not be judged if she knows you're that guy she can have a great time with without being judged。

 she'll go with you if she feels judged， she will not so understand that。

 but also know because women like sex， it's totally okay to escalate。

 It's totally okay to make advances on them。 And here's another phrase I've said before I'm gonna say again。

 you should make no apologies for your desires as a man。

 it's totally normal and natural for men and women to like each other okay。

Last major mentality to pulling and closing， which is I call it close early， close often， close late。

 but really what it is is seed the pull early， seed the pull as soon as possible as soon as the girl shows any indications of liking you as soon as the girl shows any indications of being hooked。

 you need to start。The process of taking your home and realize it's a process。

 taking your girl home is not something that you do in one discreteet moment， it's not like。

 oh I'm talking to the girl， talking to the girl oh， I've made a decision。

 let's go home right now and you just expect her to with no objection， no thought just come with you。

That doesn't happen much in the real world。 People have their real eyes。

 People need to be convinced they need to be won over。 And as we said before。

 girls' attraction is not like a light switch is not on or off。 It's a bit of a dimmer switch。

 so she needs time to warm to ideas。 She needs time to warm to you as a man but what you want to do is you want to start finding out the information at play early。

 You need to find out is she' going somewhere in 30 seconds or does she have all day Does she have a boyfriend or not doesn't mean you can't pull her in closer if she does。

 but it's certainly going change the process and it certainly might make it more difficult So there's all this different information you need to get。

 And if you start suggesting the idea that you might do something early on in sort of a soft way and getting her reactions to it。

 you're gonna find out this information， you're also going plant the seed in her head of exactly what might go down later and get a good idea and kind of get her going along with the process It's similar to like if you are in the process of buying a car you wouldn't have a salesman just list all the be like do you want to buy it and then see either yes or knowing when you leave the lot。

 instead he's talking about various things says。What colors do you like let me check and see if we have those in stock and then when you say oh I kind of like green and you check and sees that you they have a green car in stock now you're a little bit closer to buying than you were beforehand you're doing these little soft trial clothess you're bridging the idea you're kind of getting her use to it throughout and its so so so important because of the way that women think and also because any objections that come up early you have a long time interacting with her to gradually solve them if they come up right at the moment when we're trying to take her home you don't have a lot of time to deal with them so that's another critical mindset is understand that closing is not a discrete moment it's a process that happens throughout the interaction and be ready be prepared for that so that's it on the mentalities for going for the clothes now let's get into the techniques。

