# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：9. 如何给女孩发短信.打电话：1 正确的方法，让她再次出来【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Al right， so you're getting numbers， you're getting girls on your phone。

 But now you want to get them out on dates， right， Ily。

 hopefully you're getting instant dates hookups as well。

 but you're definitely starting to accumulate those numbers。 if you're doing day game。

 you're gonna get lots of them。 So now how do you convert that。 Well。

 the biggest single idea in phone and text game is the idea of social capital social capital again is the idea that at any point in the interaction。

 people will do one thing for you， but may not do something more deep。

 more intimate or more committed。 so in phone and text game。

 a lot of times when you first start texting with a girl， she'll answer text。

 But if you were to call her， she won't pick up the phone。 or she'll pick up the phone for you。

 But you still have some work to do in order to get her out on a date。

 And so essentially what you should look at phone and text game as is an escalation of the mode of communication。

 So the best mode of communication is in person。 That's when you're talking one on one。😊，She's there。

 et ceter。 That's when you can convey the most。 And that's actually why it's so important to run a good initial interaction is because that inperson communication is so much more valuable than any of the text and phone communication that comes later。

 Okay so the first thing is you need to have a good set。

 and you want to be moving it towards that inperson communication。 Basically。

 in person communication is the best next best would be something like phone or better yet even Skype if you could do it。

 and then less good would be texting where there's less of there are fewer communication channels open。

 right texting is just information phone is voice and information。

 Skype is voice pictured information and then live is voice picture information and touch so you can do even more in that context。

 And so that's the idea you want to escalate it。 But the point is you can only escalate as soon as she's ready。

 So you can't just jump ahead because she'll reject you。

 And what this means in terms of phone and text image she'll go silent。

 So if you try to escalate too fast in text， she'll usually go silent。

 If you try and call her before it's the right。😊，Time she usually won't pick up the phone。 Allright。

 so you need to escalate at the proper pace。 and I'll teach you in the next section exactly how to escalate at that proper pace。

 But before I get there， I want to debunk two very common myths and sort of mistakes that people make in phone and text game。

The first mistake is the wait four days rule。 If you've watched the movie swingers。

 you know all about this one。 But the idea here is that after you get a phone number。

 you want to wait three or four days before you follow up and text or call a girl。

 The idea being that you're conveying that you're not needy if you waited three or four days。

 you obviously have other girls in your life。 you have other things going on。 you're an abundant。

 cool guy。 And that makes sense as far as it goes。 But here's where it breaks down in my opinion。

When you met that girl， she liked you a lot。 Remember， we had good interactions。 That's the focus。

 right， She liked you a lot at that moment。 Then over the next three to four days while you're waiting。

 she's forgetting you。 She's forgetting about you。 she's going about her life。

 There are other things happening。 Girls give out their number a relatively high amount of the time。

 So it's not like you're the only guy she's ever given a number to。 Meanwhile。

 she's also meeting other guys， possibly giving numbers to them， possibly hooking up with them。

 possibly having sex with them， all of which are going to make you more of a back burner in her mind rather than forefront of her mind。

 So in my opinion， strike while the urine is hot。 trust you at a good interaction and continue it。

 Also understand that neediness is not mostly related to how frequently you contact her。

 It's related to the nature of that contact。 So you could contact a girl every single day and not be needy。

 if the interactions you're having with her are alpha nonney cool conversations。On the other hand。

 you could contact her girl only every few months。 But if every single time you contact her。

 the message itself and the nature of the communication is needy， then you're still hyperney。

 even though you're rarely communicating。 so understand the nature of the communication matters more to the neediness than the frequency of the communication。

 Second myth or second like mistake a lot of guys make， I think。

 especially guys that are more beginner is trying to get superex in texting or even like sexing with girls。

So the idea here， and it makes sense again， you're just trying to arouse the girl。

 You're trying to have more sexual， more intimate interaction with the girl。 And when it works。

 when the girl will actively sex with you。 and then you meet up with her。

 obviously meeting up with her on the date， There's already this frame that is very sexual。

 So it's a very high probability。 Good things will happen on the date。

 So theres some validity to the idea of sexting and arousing a girl， etc ceter。 It makes sense。

 But here's why I don't like it。If you look at the idea of social capital。

 you want to keep escalating the interaction to more and more intimate。

 more and more personal venues。 and every time that you try and escalate in whatever way you're risking your social capital So when you try and sex when you try and take a a textual conversation and make it a sexual conversation。

 you're taking a risk that risk could be taken just as easily to get the girl on the phone or even get the girl out on a date and I would much rather prefer the girl in front of me on a date to some picture of the girl on my text screen because if she likes you enough to be sexing with you once you get on the date。

 you're probably going have sex with her anyway。 whereas a lot of guys when they try and start sexing with the girls and they make mistakes。

 don't get them on the date and then the lead is lost essentially so basically the idea is for the same amount of social capital that would have taken to sex with the girl you could have had the girl on on a date。

 And for me， I think that's a much more favorable outcome because I don't know about you。

 but I'm not yet capable of fucking a girl through my phone， I need her in person。

That's why I personally don't sex， I do know some advanced guys who do do some sexting to some degree。

 but I think especially as you're learning， it's very， very important to just focus on the sequence。

 focus on getting the girl out to meet you and then trust yourself in person。

 so I really believe that that's the way to go about things。

