# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#9【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Big lesson in this is just don't back down when some guy comes into the interaction， right。

 Be entitled， but believe that you belong there and don't be。

 don't be afraid of the fact that you're doing pickup， right， Don't。

 don't think that like what you're doing is weird and evil。

 And like the rest of the world is more important or something like that。

ca that's what happens to a lot of guys is like。They， they're talking to some girl。

 And then some other guy comes in like， oh， shit， daddy's here。 I better leave， right。

 Like they're gonna get in trouble or something。 Don't take that frame。As you can see here。Hello。

I'm good， you look highly elegant。Really， you do， actually， Todd。next。That was quite the like in。

Hiy how are you doings about to pull out a chair into your skateboard I assume you got your friends。

 nice to meet you Todd good to meet you very good to meet you。

localU I am for the moment I'm here for this month， yeah for just a little bit。

 where you guys a little bit where are you guys headed right now？We got to go to the mansion。

 my sister worked there。Alright， so now occasionally when a guy comes in。

 especially he looks very antagonistic。 like he looked like he wanted to fight， basically。

 But like99% of guys won't like， just fight for no reason。 It， it's very， very rare。

 So if you're just like cool with it。 And like， if you're fun and happy and social， then。

It looks really， really weird for him if he， if he fights you。 like he， he stands to lose a lot。

 So unless the guys like just like full like sociopath or meth head， basically， like it's。

 he's probably not gonna fight you in that context。 So just like stand your ground and be confident。

 but friendly confident。 if you get confrontational， then you're gonna fight。 right。

 Just keep it friendly， Keep it fun。 act like it's just the most normal thing in the world。

fairair enough we're actually going there later tonight but like late night though like for like yeah yeah。

 are you gonna to be there for shit， you be there in a little bit or just for a little just for a little bit Okay。

 I'll say what you got a bit all right I'll get in touch with you them I'm not time that long but I'll give you a ring let you know what what's up。

 Zel all right。Once just give me your number and then I'll text shoot you a text， yeah， it works。

 that's faster anyway， right？What do think。Can I need to add the concerts？

And then like once we're all getting ready， I'll shoot you a text to what you're doing。color。

 that works That's the best give a second to go through it am。I got that of course， pleasure Yeah。

 my thing is like glitches happens Okay， you should have got me。I谁。I hate my phone。

Ill shoot you think I did。 I think I have it。I'll shoot you a text right now perfect。

 I'll catch you Le tonight nice to meet you。行。Okay， so obviously， that's， you know， very quick。

 very good result overall for that kind of a quick of a set。 And funny enough。

 I think the guy coming in actually， if anything helped me。

 like it was going well enough before he came。 But then when that comes up and I handle it。

 And I just don't flinch and don't care。 that's， that's a real honest signal that like you're a leader。

 You know， I mean that that you are like a strong man that you're an alpha， that kind of stuff。

 So whenever stuff goes negatively in your set。 whenever like a guy comes in or like you get some shit test。

 You get some bullsh， instead of thinking， oh， shit， why am I so unlucky。

 why did this happen to me think this is my opportunity to stand out。

This is the moment where I become not the typical guy because the typical guy will just falter and fall apart。

 And the fact that you don't is actually an opportunity。 right。

 So be happy for those kind of situations。 You can get so much。

 you can get so much more attraction under a tumultuous turmoil sort of situation than you can in a normal platonic one。

 So be happy for those kind of things。 It's just a quick lesson。 But worth looking at。😊。

