# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：8. 如何进行即时约会：5 如何进行即时约会内场练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are some infield exercise you can do to get more instant dates。

The first couple are just about going for it。 A lot of times when I do hot seat and I break down footage。

 I ask， why did the girl come somewhere with me， Why did the girl come somewhere with me。

 And I hear a lot of crazy ideas。 You know， it's because you conveyed value because you made it nonthreatening。

 The real answer almost always is because I asked She went with me because I asked。

 had I not asked you wouldn't have done。 Now， all those other things play a part。 Yes。

 but you just have to ask。 so that's what we're doing more than anything in these first two exercises is just teaching you to ask。

 So the first one。 The first level you could say。 is every single time you talk to a girl for 10 minutes or more。

 you must try to instantstate her。 You must， you even set a timer if you want to。

 But any time you talked to a girl for at least 10 minutes， you must try an instantsate。

 That's level 1。Second drill， which is level2 is you have to start trying to instantstate the girl right off the open from the first second you start talking to her。

 you have to be thinking， how do I get her to go somewhere， How do I get her to go somewhere， right。

 You could even go like within 10 seconds of starting if you want to or as soon as she starts a better might be as soon as she starts qualifying or as soon as she ask you a question As soon as there's any hint that she likes you at all。

 You need to be thinking instant date， I want that to be the first thing on your mind in day game。

 How do I instantsate。Third exercise for getting more instant dates is a little more of a technical exercise。

 and will actually help you to make the other two happen。 And that is。

 I want you to start screening her logistics from the first moment of the set， or ideally。

 maybe not the first moment， but the first moment to get any vibe that she likes you。

 So you want to find out what is she doing this exact moment， What is she doing， What are her plans。

 What is her overall framework。 what part of the city is she's staying these are the little bits of information that are gonna to help you to know to instant date。

 But what you really need to know more than anything else is how much time does she have right now and what are her immediate plans。

 If you know those little bits of information， you'll know what kind of instant date makes sense。

 you also know whether an instant date makes sense at all。 There are certain times。

 when it won't be right to do an instant date because you're so time rushedshed And in those cases you'll have to just settle for a phone number。

 But this is critical information you should be finding it out in every set。

 So practice it in this exercise。😊。