# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：4. 如何让她立即想要你：2 什么会让她追逐你以及如何培养它【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So now that we've talked a little bit about the mentalities and attitudes that will get you hooking girls' attention on a regular basis。

 Let's get down to the very technical matter of fact， ABC D。

 you know one step after another ways that you can make it happen and basically there are three sort of tiers or three levels of effort that I think it makes sense to put into the hook And when you can do it with the first most minimal most natural level of effort that's always gonna to be the best。

 but when that's not working， which will happen sometimes it's good to know the other layers so that you can make the hook happen。

 or you can you can really facilitate it happening and move forward into the interaction rather than stumbling here。

 and this is where a lot of guys even really， really advanced guys do stumble on a regular basis and the great thing about the hook。

I that once you have it， once she's chasing， once she's paying attention to you。

 you can kind of sit back， relax， take it easy and let her game use。 So after this point。

 in my opinion， a lot of the hard work in an approach is actually done for you。 All right。

 so without further ado。 what are sort of the three tiers that you can go to for hooking。 Well。

 the first is to just selfamuse just completely like be yourself， be a high value person。

 say the things you want to say。 And most of the time you get the hook that way。

 and I'll talk for a second or I'll talk in a second about exactly why that's the case。

 The next level is what I call Fred， it's a little acronym I came up with it stands for focus relevance emotion decision。

 And it is very technically exactly how the hook goes down。 It's a multistage process。

 And if you follow the process， you're very， very likely to get the hook on a very high percentage basis。

 So if it's not working by just self amusing， you can use that。 And then beyond that。

 we have some really technical， like old school like structured game tactics that are actually very。

 very useful as well。 So if even Fred isn't working or if you're having trouble implementing the Fred model。

 these can work there。 So there。It's sort of the most natural and actually probably best way to hook when it works。

 And then there's all the little like sort of cheats and little crowbar maneuvers you can do to get the hook if it isn't working。

So first off， why does self amusing to get the hook work Well， first of all。

 if you are self amused if you are truly in your own reality， not in hers。

 that is a high value behavior。 And as we talked about before。

 girls respond to things that are either high value or that they perceive as a threat Also the fact that you're self amusing means you're very likely to say polarizing things You're very likely to say and do things that might hit at her on an ego level。

 they might be very personal for her and they might challenge her beliefs。

 So any of those things make them emotionally relevant， make the hook a likely scenario。

 the problem with self amusement is it's not very directed。

 It's kind of all over the place and it doesn't really follow a process。

 So a lot of times guys that just self amused， they kind of get the girl a little interested and then they go backwards。

 or they get a couple of the steps like they're relevant。

 but they're not actually getting a girl to act on that in any way。

 And so it doesn't really lock the hook in in a firm manner。

 So the best way that I think to go in and hook us set， get a girl into you is just go in。

 say whatever you feel like be uniquely yourself。 whatever it is you want to say。

 say it or if it's true。Rerually truly offensive。 say some fraction of it。

 but say something that's along the lines of your true personality and what you want to say。

 And most of the time you'll find， especially when you're in a good mood and especially when you're really expressing yourself and loving your life。

 that will work very very well。 However， sometimes it doesn't either because it's not the particular like blueprint of this particular girl。

 or it could be that maybe you're not warmed up， you're not feeling your best， you're not on points。

 you're not at your most clever， you're not like feeling like very high energy and value offering in those cases。

 you'll find that just self amusing probably will result in you not hooking sets。

 And this is why a lot of intermediate guys。 know I can have a really good night one night。

 have a really bad night at the next night， it feels like I'm doing the same thing。

 I'm just getting different results It's because their self- amusement works really well when they're feeling a certain way or like thinking a certain way and then works really poorly at other times。

 So the next step I'm going to teach you or a set of steps is how to hook when self ausementss not working when you're not on when you're not at your best。

 And for this， we have the more extensive hooking model they've come up with， which again。

 we call it Fred Fo。Its a motion decision。 it's， it's an acronym。 FRED。 Okay。

 so let's look at these stages。 look how it came about。

First thing I want you to understand is that a hook for a girl。

 the girl deciding to pay attention to you， invest in you， chase you， et ceter。

 It's not a discre thing。 It's not like she has one moment where she's not hooked and the next moment where she is。

 it's kind of a gradual process Its a process of going through a few different stages to get hooked。

 And these stages can occur instantly。 you say， hey， you come over here。

 And she like responds well and like into you for your tone voice or the way you look or something in your vibe and comes over to you。

 she's done all those。 you had her focused。 you seem relevant enough that she's paying attention to you and carrying you've gotten some emotional commitment and then she made a decision to come over you。

 You got all four stages of the hook like instantly。

 you got at least some form of hook right off the bat。

 Other times it could take five minutes where she you try and assert somethings true and she's like fighting you on it。

 giving you shit test those kind of things。 So it can go a couple different ways。

 it can happen like I said， instantly or it can happen over five or 10 minutes。 But either way。

 all of the stages of the hook must necessarily be in place for the girl to get hooked。

 So let's go deeply into what those are。First， focus。 Focus is pretty obvious。

 You need to have her attention。 If she's not paying attention to you。

 It doesn't matter how clever you are what things you say or what you're conveying because she's not a party to it。

 Okay， so her attention is first and foremost。 In fact， in Ol game。

 If you're not getting the girls's attention， that's your big fuck up。 right， If you don't open。

 you didn't get her attention。 Okay， if you open so weeks， she doesn't turn and look at you。

 You didn't get her attention， not going anywhere。 You need attention first and foremost。 very。

 very important， but I don't think I need to belabor the point。 I think it's pretty obvious。

 you need her attention。😡，Next， relevance。 This is super， super， super critical。 Okay。

 and the question should ask yourself to know if you have relevance is， does she care。

 Does she care about what's going on， Is she just like。Paying attention to。

 because it's the polite thing to do。 And she's looking for a way out。

 Or does she actually care if she actually bought into the conversation。

 And she can care because it's interesting。 She can care because it's entertaining。

But the best thing is if she cares because she finds it truly relevant。

 She finds either value or threat in it。 and a little gimmick for this。 that's really。

 really good is to make it about her。 and specifically make it about her in a way where you're asserting something。

 So， for example， if I said， you know， the the weather's really cool out today。

You may engage in that conversation， but you don't care all that deeply。 You're not deeply invested。

 But if I say there's this behavior that you do， that's very strange。 you whoa。

 what's that strange behavior。 It's about me。 even if you didn't care about me as the person telling you it。

 you care about yourself enough that you want the information。 that's truly relevant。

 And if I went a step further and said， and this is kind of getting into the emotion part。

 if I said there's something so like odd about you and probably really fucking up your life。

 if you were to fix this， It would make your life much better？ Now， I've made it much more relevant。

 now you probably care much more。 And so you're even going get deeply emotionally invested。

 So that's the idea right So the question is， do I have retention， does she care。

 next question is how much does she care。 And what affect how much she cares。 Well。

 one is how personal it is2 is how credible of a source you are how high value are And the third is。

 if there are any ancillary things going on around it。

 So if you're dancing while talking to her making out while talking to her。

 if you just got off a roller coaster and there's emotions flowing through a body。

 any of these kind of things。 make it more emotional for her as well。😡，Once you have attention。

 once she's decided you're relevant， once she's given you a certain like allowance of her emotional energy。

 once she's decided that she's willing to get that emotional。

 which probably an unconscious decision to be fair。

 But when she's allotted you that level of emotional energy。 at that point。

 most guys think they're good。 And this is where most intermediate guys mess up in game。

 is they get the girl very aroused turned on feeling great and they think they're doing a great job。

 This may have happened to you where you get a girl that seems to really like you。

 she's giggling at the things you say she's complimenting you even to a certain extent。

 And then you like take her number and leave。 And then she flakes the next day。 Well。

 what happened there is at the moment when you were talking。

 she had all these emotions flowing through her body that were very positive or getting very aroused。

 But then when you left， the emotions dissipated because that's what emotions do。

 they're just chemicals in your body。 then when you called her， she had different emotions。

 different things flowing through her body。 So she wasn't in that same state。

 and she didn't respond in the same way。 Now， the next step， though is super critical。

 which' get a decision。 So if during that。In interaction when she's in that emotional state。

 you'd been like， you really like me。 I appreciate that。 And she's like， oh yeah。

 I guess I do like you。 If she admitted to it， said she liked you， that's a decision。 if we're like。

 you know what， if you need to run along and go do things in your day。

 I totally understand I'm enjoying the conversation。 but you can go any time。 she's like， no， no。

 I'm good here。 I'll stay for a little bit。 The fact that she made that decision not to leave really cements in the set because that's not an emotion in her body。

 that's not some intangible thing floating around that she hasn't recognized and accepted。

 it's an actual decision in the world， it's a fact that it happened， and she can't deny it。

 goes back to this principle of commitment and consistency。

 which is every time someone does something。 they have to rationalize themselves why they did it every time they don't do something or reject doing something。

 they have to rationalize why they reject it so as soon as she makes a decision in your favor。

 she's now starting to rationalize all the reasons you're an amazing guy。

 all the reasons she likes you etc。 Also， once she gets in the habit of making decisions。

 each subsequent decision becomes easier and easier。

 And that's actually what you're doing with this hooking model is you're getting。

Deeper and deeper levels of the hook， deeper and deeper levels of investment。 So， for example。

 in the first minute of the set， you might just get enough investment and enough decision from her that she's like。

 okay， I'll listen to this guy for a minute and engage in a conversation。

 maybe five minutes in you get okay， I'll join this guy for a coffee。 maybe 20 minutes in get okay。

 I'll make out with this guy。 maybe an hour in you get。

 I'll go home with this guy and a half in get I'll let him have sex with me or even I want to have sex with him。

 and that's when you're really in business。 All right， so you're gonna go through this process focus。

 which hopefully you keep roughly the entire time。 we're not losing her focus and getting back。

 but you have her focus。 And then from there， you're doing things that she finds relevant。

 They're either a value or threat to her。 And again， like a good short for that if it's about her。

 that's very helpful， but there are a lot of things that are value and threat that are not directly about her。

 then you're getting that that deep emotion about it。 It's not just this superficial。

 that's kind of interesting。 It's like， I have to hear this。 this is important。 Well。

 I've decided that I'm willing to chase this。 I'm willing to invest in this。

 And then you actually get that investment。 You get her to make that decision。

And when you get those decisions in your favor， that's when you have the girl into you。

 That's when you have the girl chasing。 And that's when you can start to really amp up the set and take it in great directions。

Alright， so just to reiterate， best way to hook is if you're just self amus。

 the reason that's the best is because it the most organic is the most natural。

 When you hook that way， it seems completely not try hard。 And also， it's good for your inner game。

 It's like the idea that you were enough and got her hooked。

 as opposed you had to do something to get her hooked。

 That's the way you should you should feel that you're the high value abundant guy And good things with girls just happen for you for the most part。

 And occasionally when they're not happening， you can use the technique if you have to。

 But when it just happens， that's the best。 But if it's not just happening。

 if you need to make it work。 look at this Fred model and think to yourself， kind of where am I。

 What stage am I missing and you want to escalate and push it forward from there。

Quick final note on the thread model。 When you are escalating the stage。

 If you have her focus and you're trying to make it relevant。

 there's a good chance if she's not ready for that， she'll give you a shit test。

 She'll kind of question your frame or question the assertion you're making in some way or question you as a person And that's actually a good thing because she wouldn't question you if she didn't think you irrelevant in that category。

 Think of it this way， a girl wouldn't give shit to a five yearold kid because he's not relevant as a sexual being for her。

 But she will give shit to a fairly attractive guy who's maybe a little bit cocky because she wants to test and see if he's really all that。

 so understand that a shit test is a positive。 And the way that you pass shit test is basically just don't get emotionally affected。

 You can ignore it and keep talking， you can exaggerate it treat it like take whatever things she's saying and just take it to a ridiculous extent to show that you like don't care in it。

 it is just silly or you can misinterpret， which is you turn it around and treat it like it's a compliment。

 So the way you pass shit test。 Just know though that you are likely to get a shit test when you are escalating through his process。

 And when she gives you shit that doesn't mean you did it。That means maybe youd did it too early。

 but oftentimes it just means you did it right。 And now you have another step in order to continue implementing the model。

 So be aware of that。Okay， so that's how to get the hook organically and then how to get the hook when you have to like force it a little bit when it's not happening completely organically。

 And the great part of that is that it makes it very， very reliable。

 Like I can hookax that's probably more reliably than just about anybody because when it's not hooking。

 I have a variety of tactics to get it to hook。 And that's very， very important in game。😊，Alright。

 lastly， in this little segment on on how to get her attention， how to get her chasing。

 how to get her hooked into you。 I want to talk about some really specific old school pickup tactics that can make this even more effective and even easier for you。

 First old school tactic。 I want to share with you is the push pull。 Basically， what this is。

 it's giving a compliment and an insult at kind of the same time。 So， for example。

 if you said to a girl， you're so pretty。 It's good in a way because you're showing you're into her and you're showing that you're manda woman。

 you have a penis that you're， you're at least making it personal。 So that's good。

 The problem is you're giving away a lot of your validation。😊，If you said to a girl， you're ugly。

 I hate you。 That big can be good in a way in the sense that it's definitely emotionally triggering for her。

 it certainly like hits her， her sense of relevance。

But it is potentially her sense of threat as well。 But the fact of the matter is if you do all that all the time。

 you're just an asshole you're just very negative。 And also you're putting across these ideas that her initial reaction will be to reject。

 If you're putting across a lot of negative stuff。 She doesn't want to believe that。

 especially about herself。 So her initial reaction would like fight it， fight it。

 fight it rather than accept it。 However， if you mix the two。

 then you give a positive and a negative， well， now you're being a cool， nice great person。

 but there's a little bit of I don't necessarily have them yet。

 And there's also that emotional relevance that makes her snap attention and take interest。

 On the other hand， your negatives are tempered by the fact that there are a lot of positives in there。

 So she will actually take them to heart and consider them because they're packaged in with a lot of things that she would actually like to believe。

 So an example of a push bull would be like， I love that shirt， but I don't know if it's your style。

 something like that， that's a very obvious one。 some others might be like know there's some about you。

 I really， really love but I don't I you， I'm just not so sure about you yet So it has that positive。

 but it has this hesitancy this high value selective。

qualityality and also that little bit of a negative polarization that will definitely snap her to attention。

 So the push pull can be a very， very useful tactic for getting her attention for getting her to invest andre getting to really care what you think and treat you as a source of validation in the interaction。

 Next up is the nag。 And this is similar to a push pull in a way。

 it's sort of a subtle compliment that makes them a little bit insecure。

 a lot of people back in the day thought of nags as like insult they're not if it's an insult again。

 like I said in the push it won't really be taken well。

 what it is it's an ambiguous comments that makes them think about themselves。 So it's not your ugly。

 your ugly is not ag that's an insult and that's not game But if you say like you blink a lot just like in observation it's not necessarily a bad thing that they blink a lot。

 It's just an observation。 but it's something that's gonna make them sort of self-mon。

 It's gonna make them conscious of their own behavior rather than focus in the outside world。

 And when they become self-mon， they start to evaluate。

 they start to wonder how you're perceiving them。 they start to automatic。

We put them in a position of lower value， also because these statements are about them。

 they are automatically of some level of relevance All right， so those are examples of nagGs。

What are some other ones。 Another one could be like， wow， are you， Are you always like this， right。

 which can be good and badca you're talking to her。 And you clearly like some things about her。

 But are you always like this， It implies that there' are certain things that you don't like as well。

 Okay， so that that's an example of a egg。 It's actually like kind of almost a subset of push pull。

 But it's a very quick， like pithy sort of push pull。 that's very， very effective。 So it's。

 it's worth mentioning。 Next is what I call forced qualification or just qualification in general。

 So。If if I walk up to a girl， typically， the frame that she'll assume is the frame that she's deciding whether she likes me。

 and I have to win her over。 That's not a very useful frame to us as men because it puts us in the role of having to try hard and her of not having to try at all。

 So what you want to do in game a lot of times is flip the script and get her qualifying to you。

 So one thing that you can do that sort of simulates the hook。

 simulates high value becomes relevant for her because it's about her is to overtly qualify。

 So for example， if she says something that you really like or does something really like you like wow。

 I respect that that's cool I' I wasn't sure about you， but I like that now。 So what does that say。

 first of all，'s to positive， she wants to accept the compliment。

 when you say I wasn't sure about you， but I like you now along with it。

 that little extra push pull makes her want to qualify more。

 make want to be why't you think that about me。 what's not cool about me。

 And it makes sure want to prove herself to you。 And again。

 if she takes the action to prove herself to。 If she tries to prove herself to you。

 that's about the strongest form of decision you can get Remember。Model。

 focused relevance emotion decision。 Her deciding to prove herself is a huge decision in your favor。

 You can also be more just explicit about this。 You even ask the questions。 say， for example。

 you really like athletic girls。 you should ask a girl sometimes you know。

 wait you seem like you're in good shape。 Are you athletic。 if you ever playing sports。

 And then based on her answer。 you can be like， oh， that's really cool or oh， you know what。

 I thought I like you。 I'm not so sure you can evaluate and assess and put yourself in that role。

 which makes her want to win you over， which makes her again make those decisions in your favor。

 so qualifying whether like forced because you like overtly ask the question and and threw it out there or organic because she said something and you just found it positive or found it negative in a certain way。

 that's a very， very valuable thing that will help you get the hook。 Finally。

 the last thing you can do this really useful in hooking is what we call the open loop。

 And the idea here is that conversation good conversation anyway， is not a linear thing。

 A lot of guys when they talk to a girl， they're so focused on making it work so focused on every word coming out of their mouth。

 that they have one conversational thread that they're very focused on。😊。

And as soon as that Peter's out， conversation goes silent because there's nothing else to talk about。

 And then they work really hard like so question， question， question about you， boring， et cetera。

 Oh， we're on another conversational thread cool。 And then they follow that conversational thread to its end until really。

 Peters out and they're like， oh shit， nothing left to say。 Let me throw something out。 Now。

 one hand， this looks really try hard， which is terrible。 right。

 But the other thing is it's really hard to keep a conversation going that way。

 It's actually an effort to keep coming up with topics。

 What you'd rather do is let the conversation organically go in many different directions。

So that you have many different conversational threads open。 So maybe you're talking about。

 I don't know。 you're talking about what you were doing as a kid and you start talking about video games。

 you start having a whole conversation about video games。

 and then you start talking about what it was like being in elementary school and you start talking about how she got picked on in elementary school and wasn't as cool。

 And now you have all these different topics available to you。

 It makes it much easier to keep the conversation going and it makes it more like the conversation will continue organically Also。

 if you want to take this even a bigger level and this is the true open loop theory is when you can notice she's really into a topic。

 the natural inclination from most guys is really， really talk about that topic and just burn it to the ground because it's going well。

 let me keep doing what's going well。 funny enough。

 a lot of times the better thing to do is actually change the topic when you can tell she wants to hear more。

 So she's getting really really intrigued maybe at some point be like you know what let's talk more about that later anyway。

 she' like no no no no， let's talk about it now And again。

 what is that when she says let's talk about it now。

 she's saying please talk to me that's a decision to keep the conversation going a decision to chase etc。

SoWhen you have those high points， when you have those high moments in an interaction。

 it's a great time to escalate， which we'll talk about in the next couple segments。

 But it's also a really good time to pull away。 It's a good time to pull away and let her chase the conversation a little bit rather than you being the one that's always chasing and always like making it happen。

 again， her chasing the conversation， her investing her when there's a silence。

 her filling the silence。 Those are all decisions。 and that's what we're really looking for here is for her to make that overt decision that she likes you and she wants the conversation。

😊。