# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：9. 如何给女孩发短信.打电话：2 电话游戏的注意事项【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

In the previous section， I explained to you why social capital is the key component to text and phone game and why you want to escalate the interaction from a textual interaction to a phone interaction to an in person interaction。

 or sometimes you just go textual to in person， but you need to escalate the mode of interaction。

But the question you might be asking if you've really thought this through is how do I know how much social capital I have。

 how do I know how much I can escalate， how do I move things forward at the right pace。

 and that really is the critical question to text and phone game where am I at how far can move it forward without risking too much and having it go silent And with this in mind I realized as I was breaking down my text game。

 there's really only four types of texts you can receive and each of these texts requires a very specific type of response because it indicates a level of social capital you're at So without further ado。

 the four types of text are you can receive silence i。e。

 she doesn't text you back or has never texted you you're gonna to receive a shit test。

 which is something where she's sort of challenging you or like asserting her frame on you making you jump through one of her hoops that kind of stuff next you can receive something that is just logical or just conversational without a lot of emotional content or fourth and finally。

 you can receive something that is。tsly positive。 It's， it's a clearly positive thing。 like，ha。

 you're so funny。 I love that， that kind of stuff。 Okay。

 so those are the four types of text you can receive。

 and you'll notice that I gave them in the order of lowest to highest social capital。

 If she's not responding at all， she's respond with silence， that means you have very。

 very little social capital。😊，If she's responding with a shit test。

 that means you have a little bit of social capital because she is responding。

 but not a super high amount yet。 If she's responding with like logical question。

 it means you have social capital， but she isn't feeling sexual or she's not feeling very motivated yet。

 And then if it's highly positive， that means you have the maximum social capital and you really need to be escalating the situation so now you know where you're at。

 how do you respond to each of these different types of texts。Well， if we're receiving silence。

 very little social capital。 What do you need to do， You need to build your social capital。

 which means you need to offer value and ask for very little in return。 So here I'll just send fun。

 funny， interesting text messages。 Think like a Facebook update or a tweet， something like that。

 Some just like update on your life， some funny thing that happened。

 Maybe pictures are great for this。 If you have a good picture you just took or a funny meme。

 those kind of things where just fun， funny value offering， not asking for anything in return。

 You wouldn't send like a meme and then be like， hey， want to get together on Saturday。

 because that violates the purpose。 You don't try and escalate when you don't have social capital。

 All right， So something fun and funny asking for nothing in return。Then next level。

 if you get a shit test。Hear what you do。 Just pass the shit test。 That's it。 Okay。

 don't try and pass the shit test and escalate， don't try and pass the shit test and then communicate two more paragraphs。

 Just pass the shit test。 trust that whatever you did is good enough。 Now， you may ask。

 how do I pass a shit test。 Well， there are three ways to pass a shit test。 And by the way。

 this applies for live shit test and text and online shit test。3 as a passage shit test。

 our number one ignore which works really well live， like in person if a girl gives do a shit test。

 you can just just smile and pretend it didn't happen and continue talking。

 doesn't work so well in text next is misinterpret。

 that means treat it as though it was a compliment So if she says you I think you're a bit of a player you'd be like wow thanks I'm glad you think I'm an attractive man right so you misinterpret that player means attractive man So you shift whatever she actually meant to mean something positive So that's misinterpretation and the next would be agree and exaggerate。

 which means you take whatever frame she put you in and you take it to its logical conclusion This one works really。

 really well in person。 harder to in text but can be done mostly in text I do misinterpretation but an example of the agree and exaggerate would be if she says is that you're pick a blind you say that's all the girls who like actually yeah I practice for four hours in front of a mirror today I really hope I got it right but I feel like I'm kind of stumbling could you maybe like coach me through it right。

re taking that frame to a level that's so ridiculous that clearly you're not emotionally affected by it。

 And that's the key thing with any shit test is to convey that you're not emotionally affected。

 That's the bare minimum。 If you're not emotionally affected。

 you may not like pass with flying colors but at least you won't fail it so now we have silence if you get silence。

 just offer value ask for nothing Shi test just pass the shit test again。

 don't pass the shit test and try and escalate and don't try and escalate as the pass of the shit test。

 A lot of guys a lot of times like a guy will get a shit test like what makes you so special and he'll be like。

 why don't you meet up with me for a drink to find out No， no， no。

 that will almost always lead the silence because you're trying to escalate off a shit test。

 you're not at that point yet you don't have that much social capital to spend。

The third type of text is the logical or just conversational text， which is like， hey。

 what did you do I did this today。 What did you do that kind of stuff right now that's very positive because she's trying to continue the conversation asking you questions committing and giving you information about her life etca。

 It's very positive in that regard but a lot of times these are hard to work with because there's not a lot of emotional content to them and so with these this is kind of the inbeten middle ground of the texting world and you need to use some judgment if the overall interaction has been largely negative。

 what I will do is I will kind of treat this as like a better form of silence and I'll kind of just ping more value and wait for a little a few more responses before I try to escalate if the interaction has been largely positive and now you're getting these sort of like just logical statements or you've gotten several of them in a row。

 Now it's time to escalate and we'll talk in a minute in the next section in exactly how to escalate。

 but you need to be thinking if it's been positive and you're getting logical communication。

 it's time to escalate is's time to make it more emotional。In nature。And then finally。

 if you're getting something overtly positive， it's obviously time to escalate。 Now。

 when it is time to escalate， how do you escalate？ Remember when I talked about getting the phone number。

 I talked about the soft close。 Again， the soft close is great when getting the phone number。

 but the ultimate example of when to use the soft close is in text and phone game。 All right。

 Because if you text someone let's get together for drinks Tuesday night at 7 at Mos Cantina。

 Basically， in that context， there's a lot of things that they could object to。

 And it's a very definite high risk plan for them。 Like if they commit to it。

 they are fully committed， it's hard for them to get out of it。

 So they want to avoid that commitment。😊，So， for example。

 they said yes to that and something else came up， then they'd have to flake on you or they'd have to prioritize you over some other plans。

 It's a big commitment。 they're not ready for that。 On the other hand。

 if instead of like making that very definite plan， you said， you seem very fun。

 Maybe I'll take you for a drink sometime。 if you continue being so cool or something like that。

 that's just off the top of my head。 But something like that。

 because it's more of a vague suggestion of a plan rather than an exact nailed down plan。

 So'll yeah sounds like fun。 And she hasn't really committed anything。 But again。

 she's given you a yes。 Every time she's given you that yes。

 the next yes comes easier and easier and easier。 And especially when she's already agreed tentatively to plans。

 now you can ask for specific plans without being needy in any way。 Once she's already said yeah。

 we should grab drink sometime。 Now it's in no way needy to be like， hey。

 what does your week look like。 she tells you the dates she's free and then you say let's get a drink Tuesday at most Cantina So if you do it in three steps instead of one you're more likely to get it to happen。

 you're also。😊，More likely to find the day she's actually free。

 So you'll get a reaction based on how much she actually likes you rather than based on her schedule。

 But lastly， you avoid hearing no， you hear yes， yes， yes and not no。 And again。

 remember the more times you hear yes， the easier it is to hear more yes is the more times you hear no。

 the harder the entire interaction becomes okay So that's the purpose of the soft close。

 So just to reiterate four types of text forre getting silence just ping out value。

 don't ask for anything in return。 if you're getting a shit test， just pass the shit test。

 if you're getting logical communication。 If it's been largely negative before that。

 just offer value and wait for more logical communication。 if it's been largely positive。

 start trying to close and if it's overtly positive， definitely start trying to close。

 But in all cases， use the soft close。 It will work far， far， far better。

 then just throwing plans into the interaction out of nothing。

Final point I want to make with regards to text is that the timing of your text and the length of your text and the investment level of your text do matter。

 You don't want to seem super， super niy。 Now this is probably super obvious and you're already doing it right。

 but I see a lot of guys get it wrong so it bears mentioning。If she's texting you。

 you know6 hours delay between text and you're texting her 30 seconds De between texts。

 you look super needy and super invested， and she is clearly the higher value person that interaction。

 So if she's texting you like super drawn out。 you don't necessarily need to text every 30 seconds If you wait like5 minutes is probably fine。

 but don't just be immediately on call for every single text。 Next。

 also you don't want to send these lengthy pages and pages and pages text。

 every text should ideally contain one idea maybe two at most。 if you're doing more than that。

 you're trying too hard you're doing too much in text。

 If you're at a point where the texting is getting so intricate that it requires more than one or two ideas per text。

 probably you're better off picking up the phone and calling her。And that brings me to my next point。

 which is， again， the point is to escalate the interaction。 So texting is less good than calling。

 less good than in person。 So as soon as I believe that the girl will pick up my phone call。

 I call her Now how do you know when the girl will pick up your phone call。 Well。

 probably because the textings already been really good or maybe sometimes because the initial interaction was so good that you think you can skip directly to a phone call。

 be careful with that one because you will ruin some good interactions if you do it。

 But sometimes that's the case as well， so if it's been really good， that's a good indicator。

 Another great indicator for a phone call is that she just texted you because if she just texted you。

 you know that she's by her phone。 You know that she， you know。

 it would be weird and awkward for her not to respond。

 She texts you call immediately and she doesn't pick up， then it looks like she screen the call。

 And if she likes you， she doesn't want that， So she'll pick up almost out of obligation。

 So that's a really， really good time for it。 the last time when I'll pick up the phone is again。

 if there are too many ideas in text， I say you've already agreed tentative plans。

 you're making the arrangements and she。😊，As you four different questions in one text。

 You might just pick up the phone because that's probably what you would do with a friend。 All right。

 that's a good metric， by the way， When you're thinking should I call or should I text。

 think to yourself， what would I do if this was my friend I'd known for 20 years who I'm not trying to sleep with who I have a pretty high level of confidence that they're going respond well to me in that context that you would probably just pick up the phone if there's any confusion。

 that's what you should do with a girl， you should be entitled enough to do so And that's actually a good principle for all of game and all of day game in general。

 which is you should probably be treating the girl as though she's already one of your best friends or treating the girl as though she's already a girlfriend if you're coming from that frame。

 it's almost hard to do a lot of things wrong。Okay。

 that's what I'm gonna say on phone and textex game right now。 I do want to refer you， though。

 if you're interested in learning a ton more about phone and textex game， I have a product out。

 which is something like probably 15 or 20 hours of phone and textex game。

 and then me going on dates from phone and text game。

 And it's called three girls a day there will be a link on the page below if you're interested in it。

 But if you want to get the excruciating in- depth。

 crazy course on phone and text game that will teach you everything and anything you'd ever want to know That's the course right there as well。

😊。