# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：0. 为什么选择白天游戏：为什么选择白天游戏【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

It's officially now time to get you started on the path towards the abundance quality， quantity。

 lifestyle and types of relationships that you've always wanted with the types of girls you've always wanted and of all the forms of game that I know in 15 years of doing game 12 years of teaching game day game is the one I'm most excited about and the one that I think is actually the absolute best for creating an abundant lifestyle and getting you that type of girl and the reason for that is a lot of times the girls you want maybe don't go to clubs all that often。

 I mean when you list the categories and qualities of girls you're looking for。

 do you really look for like gets drunk every night like smoke so much she coughs all the time etc etc。

 I mean， if that's your type， by all means， but a lot of the best girls， the quality girls。

 the girls that are doing something in their life， the girls that are in the gym and care about their health the girls that are ambitious and have a career have a job have a hobby they're really into they don't spend a lot of time out at clubs and so you're not gonna meet them through that means you're gonna meet them when the sun is out either。

Out and about or during times when you're doing activities。 Okay， so day game is。

 I think the best way to meet those truly highqu girls。 Also day game is the purest form of game。

 It's game without all the bullshit。 It's game where it's just you as a man walking up to her as a girl there aren't dragaway friends there aren't like tables and cars and djs and all these distractions It's just all about do you walk up right。

 do you convey yourself in the right way。 do you create an adventure between her and you And if you can do that。

 you can do any form of game。 but at the same time it's a type of game where the threshold to getting a decent result and getting progress is also not that high。

 So it's the type of game that even someone starting out in game can start getting results very。

 very quickly。 So for that reason I love day game for anyone and everyone。🎼And let me tell you。

 my first three years in game personally was exclusively day game because I started at 18。

 I'd never had a fake Id， So I did three years of day game before I was ever admitted to a nightclub。

 So that was kind of my transition from boy to man， was in day game。

 And that's why it's near near and dear to my heart。 Over the years。

 a lot of day game related products that come out in the pickup industry。

 And there are two things that I've never liked about the game type products that come out。

 Number one is， I don't think anyone who exclusively does day game and doesn't touch on night game and doesn't know all forms of game can teach you a wellrounded game strategy。

 So I'm a guy who loves day game， prefers day game to night game， but can still do amazing。

 incredible things in in night game。 As you can see here。 just crumble around。😊。

I turn into like big little crumbling messes。Let's just up one。

 those guyss getting really want to take a picture of us， that's adorable。

You are too good for wordss。I was looking for you forever， I for sure what doing with you？

We're allM everybody bring my swim suit， really。I guess I'll have to go naked we'll come back to them I don't want shitty kisses only good kisses。

Only you're a good kisser。第。In spite of the fact that I can do those things。

 I still prefer day game and still think it's better and still am better at day game so I want to teach you from that perspective and the other thing is that by having a well- roundunded game。

 the things I teach you are things that are pure form game and are not gimmicky in any way shape or form right they're things that work across the board will work in all contexts because and this is the other issue I have with other products that have come out in day game。

😡，The things I'm going to teach you are not gimmicky。

 They are solid fundamental principles that once you learn them， They will help you always。

 they will never hold you back and they will help you to become that guy who's naturally attracted to women at all times。

 It won't be a situation where you have to put on your pickup persona in order to go out。

 It'll be a situation where you walk through life as this attractive man。

 You see a woman and you just naturally approach her No big deal as part and parcel of who you are。

 And that's one of the greatest things about day game is that it truly become as part of your life。

 You don't have to become missed your pickup man。 You just go through life having abundance of women and just accumulating them while still being on your life path and doing what you're really excited about。

 So anyway， I want to thank you for tuning to this program。

 You're going to find a tremendous amount of material in it。

 Don't be afraid to watch it over and over again。 you will get more out of it every single time you view it。

 But you will also， even after the first viewing， see immediate results and changes in your game。

 So I'm super excited。 Let's get started。