# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#6【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Let's go back in time again。2。Couple sets from the first day that I ever did day game。Hi。

 how are you。I'm Todd， you looked out the door but I had to come talk to you。

There no makeup retired at night。Just thinking of her relaxing a bit。I'm in love with your accent。

Seriously， it's the Baest accent you've ever heard Badest is in worst or Badest isn in coolest Baest worst because。

I think by other people talk from。Oyy。You know what's funny well first of all， my family's Dutch。

 like I'm American， but my family's Dutch but。I love a Dutch accent It's actually like the classies。

 Okay， so it's like classy， but like a little bit like。Classy with like a little bit of dirty to it。

 I think of a lot of dirty to it。Does a lot of dirty to you。 Nope， Okay， good。 Who might get along。

 Okay， so what's happened here， I came in smooth， natural， sort of calm as though I know her well。

 right， as though it's not a big deal。And then she actually immediately like。

 kind of helps me in a way。 and that she's like making fun of herself。

 actually was just in the moment when she had her accent。 I actually love her accent。

 I think her accents。1 of all， I think she's hot。 But I also think her accent is fucking hot。

 So I just went in the moment and like， just said that， right。

 And it's okay to say what you feel in the moment。 If your girl does something genuinely trying to that was fucking hot。

 Why not。Why not say that If she has a problem with you thinking she's hot， then she's weird。 right？

 Now， there's a difference between your're fucking hot。 And I would do anything for you。

 Here's my soul on a platter。 I don't need to make a further decision about you， right。

 Understand that。 understand that You should have the frame that your're hot only gets you in the door。

 You still have to prove yourself to me。So that's very， very critical。 But so that's positive。

And then there's a little bit of just rapport building and whatnot。

 But then this like push pull statement is critical。 This is where I show the intent。 I say。

 you know， you're， I'm， I'm talking about her accent。 But what am I really talking about。

 I'm talking about her。Cause her accent is a part of her， right。

 But it's nice because it's less direct。 So if I was to say， you know。

 you seem classy but a little bit dirty， that's slightly more risky than saying， oh。

 I love the Dutch accent。 It's classy， but a little bit dirty。Right， but it's still about her。

 So it's a safer version of the same。 And again， with any form of escalation。

 that's what I like to do。 I like to go。 I like to be clear enough that I'm escalating。

 but I like to be as safe as possible and get the reaction。

 Find out if she likes it or not find out if she's down。 if she's down， I can always go more， right。

 but it's hard to go less， So you want to be constantly always escalating。

 You don't want to be sitting around not escalating。

 But you want to escalate in tiny increments so that you can always。

 always add to it if it's positive。😊，And then when she responds positively to that。

 then I make it personal。 I'm like， are you a bit dirty。 She's like， oh。

 my accent is like very dirty。 I'm like， are you very dirty， right？ And now it now it's personal。

 And now it's very intentful。 It's clearly man to woman， etc ce。

 But I only did that once she gave me permission， if that makes sense， right。WWho might get along？It。

 yeah。Okay， so remind me or nameming again because when you said it。

 I was just listening to the accent like I was like in the melodic throes of your accent。Okay， cool。

 what are you doing in the park。 I was like she just walking through to meet a friend in a little bit。

 But so obviously， now we're in good shape， right， I'm sitting down with her。

 she's asking me questions。 She's in a relaxed place where she's gonna stay like。

 this is pretty ideal。 Like this is， you know， hot girl。 Good situation。 I'm pretty happy right now。

😊，ButI saw you and I was inspired to come say hi。Now， as I cut through this。

 know that this is a longer interaction， the total interaction is probably maybe 20 minutes to a half an hour or something like that。

 But I'm showing it to you in five minutes。 So I'm just showing you the parts that are game and escalation related。

 know that whenever there are cuts in this。 Basically， it's just a bunch of small talk。

 It's just a bunch of like biographical details about her or me。 it's， is's very， very normal。

 is nothing special。 But know that that is important because it it tempers it。 right。

 The more that there is some get to know you in in and amongst all the gamey stuff。

 that is important。 So know that that's what's what's being cut over whenever I cut。

But I'm just showing you the parts right I I'm moving the set forward or that I'm being actually intentful。

What are you doing in this country。M studying。H the business program。 That's pretty awesome。

 Like undergrad business or MB。 No， no， no， no， no， MB no， undergradud just graduated。

 I'm just following a graduate course Okay， yeah。Cool， I approve。 and that's actually good， too。

 She's getting like engaged in the conversation right。

 as much as like girl lying down is totally fine。 And she looks hot that way and everything。 Like。

 this is good， too，cause she's sitting up to engage。😊。

I I was thinking about doing something very similar myself in the near future So yeah。

 what you she only have three more weeks here。All right， we're going to have to be friends fast。

Such a direct approach。So， uncommon。You know， if we had like three years。

 then I could like stock you for a while and you know， hide outside your bushes， find out about it。

 but you know， as is I'm just going to have to be a man about it and just say， let's be friends。

How do you see a friendship， you know in two weeks？I travel a lot。Actually， what part of。Okay。

 see we have offices there， it's our second biggest hub in Europe。

Real social dynamics teach like social skills and such。Public speaking negotiation。还是。Friendship。

So I'm actually let' see， Chicago while you're in New York， I'll be in Chicago。

 but I'll be back next week。We might have to go grab a bite， maybe a drink， maybe a drink next week。

 The thing is after after New York， we have our finals my presentation and two papers so before the 20。

Sa for the 7 of August， I'm stuck。After 7 August，Okay。

 so we'll talk with you now on the seventh and hang out on the 7，38。Sounds like a plan。

 but I'm staying in。你这。开那个。Where do you go when you have a drink or something。嗯。I've been a couple。

 Im okay， first of all， I've been town for about 10 days。 I'm very new here。 So。

 but there's a couple place on。And there's a couple places。So far我哋 like。

I've been a couple times I think it's nice， they've been。 Yeah， they have nice。Yeah。It's pretty nice。

 posh， classy。You know， it's funny actually when I was in。When I was in， this is gonna interesting。

 this is me sort of obliquely conveying social status。 And this is something I'll do as well。

I like to convey that the world has responded well to me。 Okay， so whenever I talk about。

 whenever I tell stories， I don't tell stories about times when people were mean to me or when people didn't give me what I wanted。

Because what does that look like， that looks like that's your life。

 You're the guy that people are mean to and the guy that people walk all over， don't give things to。

 etc ceter。 Instead， whenever I tell stories， I always talk about how like。

 I'm amazed by how nice people are to me。 I'm amazed at how like things like just like seem to go my way by luck those kind of things。

 right， because what does that convey It means like， I'm a high value guy right， So in this case。

 I'm gonna like。😊，I'm going relate myself to her countrymen in a way that makes me seem very alpha。

When I was in your country， your city。I have to do this。

 I have to do this because I play soccer forever and So this is for two reasons。1。

 I did wna kick the soccer ball。 But the bigger reason here was my microphone had fallen off a little bit。

 And it was like actually dangling out。 And so I wanted to like fix my microphone as I went over to this。

 This is my excuse to fix the mic and。 And any time I have a chance to touch a ball。 I must。哦哈。

No problem。Because I thankful we have something that's like really surprised me。In your。

Your country was。That people were like。Really nice， but like。

Almost like painfully nice really like especially like the guys because all the guys there are like。

 well， a lot of them are very tall， very like almost like muscular， strong healthy guys， right。

 but like。They would in any confrontation， like if we had like any sort of argument or any sort of like situation where they might step up as a guy。

 they instantly like back down to me every time which like I was just like。

 did you really just step off Okay No， they they're polite love Yeah like super passive almost So I'm coming to the reservation that Im。

不用买呀。还里有。m by hanging out in person eventually， but by if you have I cannot promise because I'm really。

 I don't have left faith and my thing here is I don't plan。Dumpplan。

Do you have like a phone that works in this country？

Do you have a telephone that works in this country？

Let's do that and spontaneously we can talk on the phone and if it happens that at that time you have time and I have time。

Then we'll be friends。 And if not， then we'll be。Trains that passed in the night。

 then And that's an interesting thing， by the way， little note。

 But if you're ever dealing with foreign girls don't use phrases like that。 Like。

 don't use an idiomatic phrase。 Like， don't tell a foreign girl you're gonna get a baker's dozen of something。

 right， Not that like， that's how most people speak anyway。 But like just avoid that kind of stuff。

 It's just stupid confusion for no reason。 this doesn't really matter with this girl because she's educated。

 like she's， you know， your European speaks English well。Whatever she'll deal with it。 But like。

 especially like take like a foby Asian girl as an example。

 you start saying some like idiomatic especially you should confuse the fuck out of her。 right。

 So just be， be careful about that kind of stuff。 It's， it's just stupid。

 Just dumb the language down a little bit。 at least not even dumb it down。

 Just use phrases that say what they actually mean instead of like through like pop culture references or through like idioms and stuff like that。

 if we don't meet up。 then we'll be trends that passed in the night。We you heard that phrase no？

I see had a phone once upon a time。Oh shit how important are you have two cell phones？

Are you in the mafia， my sister arrived。she gotta get going in a minute。 No。

 I think almost right now。 Okay， what's your number So deal with this this is a biographical detail I cut out。

 But she has to go pick up her sister at the airport This was she's like waiting in the park sun tanning until that time。

 So basically， she just got the call from her sister。 It's time to go pick up at the airport。

 So it'd be very hard to do much more than get a number at this point。Well， it is too seconds。Okay。

 cool， I'm calling you right now。So when it goes through， save me， Todd， TDD，2Ds。Very much。

My favoriterot what on there huh？I don't know the extra de。But no are， though。Wirdly enough。

 I think it might have initially had an Ar but as an American no noir。Yeah。So， that is I。Perfect。

Nice meeting you here吧am。Chey enough， right， She's calling Okay， Yeah， go get your sister。

 You my friend。 You too。 have a nice day。 You。 talk to you soon。

And notice the hand immediately to the microphone so it doesn't fall out again。

that's just a pretty standard approach。Not really a huge deal。

 But the reason that I want to show that is that that is， you know， very attractive girl。

 And to know that you don't have to do that much， right。

 And that's actually the some of the beauty of day game is that because there isn't high status club environment and all the stimulus and whatnot。

 if you're just normal and cool。You can just through good。

 good frames and just through having a good vibe， get really， really good results。

 especially in these kind of situations。 If I ever see a girl like sitting down。

 laying out that kind of stuff committed to a location by herself， relaxing in the middle of the day。

 is's like she might as well have a bullsey on her。 I mean， it's like。

 it's like the easiest possible scenario。 That's exactly what you want。😊，Right。

Is it a unrelated story， but one of arguably the hottest girl I've ever slept with。

 But definitely in like the top， top 5 or 10， definitely。I was going to improvisational comedy class。

 And to， I， I got there a little bit early。 And she， she got in there earlier than me。

 So she was the first person sitting outside of the room waiting。 And then I was the second one。

 And so it was me and her outside the door where we both like have to wait and pretty much have no choice but to talk and we have a common interest。

And as I walked over and I realized the situation， I just looked up。 I'm 0% religious。 So I was like。

 thank you， right。😊，Because I just knew， I just knew like good things were going happen。

 that kind of scenario is just。It， it's so easy， but it's also， so， so lucky， right。

 It's so rare that you find a hog girl all by yourself doing nothing。 But when you do。

 you better take advantage of it。