# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：5. 如何获得技能：2 抚摸女孩的ABC【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Alright， so now that we've talked a little bit about the general attitudes and philosophies of how to get physical with a girl。

 I'm gonna get a little more technical into exactly how I personally go about doing it。

 And the technique I use is something that I've dubbed invisible escalation。

 The idea here is that you're able to escalate very， very quickly。

 but it doesn't seem like anything's happening。 And if you do get some sort of rejection。

 it almost looks like it didn't happen。 Okay， And the secret to how I do that is instead of making one big move。

I make maybe five or six little moves。 Okay， so， for example。

 instead of reaching out and like just like groping the girl and hugging her。

 what I might do is I might as I'm talking， just kind of hold my hand out like this。

 And if she takes the hands great， I was sort of slowly pull her in。 if she comes slowly in。

 I would maybe put my hand up like this。 if she comes further， then I'd go ahead and hug her。

 So instead of just like reaching out out of nowhere and hugging her。

 What I did is I did a lot of little things each of which were very small in themselves。

 And when I put my hand out。 if she didn't take my hand， I would just drop it and keep talking。

 if she took my hand， I start pulling and she resisted， I would definitely stop pulling。

 I might even drop the hand completely and start over again。 so any step along the way。

 it's possible， I could get a rejection， but it would be so minor and so subtle that it's like we wouldn't even really know that it hit occurred and the conversation would go on without。

 All right， So there's no awkwardness whatsoever。 And there's no risk。

 And so the way that I like to escalate。 I call like slow and steady wins the race。

 instead of going for。Big moves that are like these like ballalsy things that might get rejected instead is these tiny little minuscule moves that you can barely even notice。

 but they're absolutely constant， almost from the start of the interaction。

 there's some sort of constant move。 Now again， in digging physicality is less important。

 So it it may wait a little while and the physicality comes later， but in other forms of escalation。

 I'm doing this as well。 So I'm either escalating conversationally or escalating the logistics or escalating physically。

 and I'm always looking to escalate in some way。 as long as the interaction is good。

 when the interaction is bad， when there's any kind of resistance or tension or awkwardness。

 then I'm not escalating in any way。 But as soon as it's good as soon as it's flowing。

 as soon as we have a really good vibe together， one of the escalation models or methods。

 whether it be verbal physical or logistical i。e moving around， I'm trying to do that all the time。

 and then as long as it's good， I continue to escalate as soon as it isn't good， back off chill out。

 get it good again， and then I continue to escalate。

I have these interactions that are very constantly very like predictably moving towards sex。

 I like to say that when a girl's talking to me， she's in what I call imminent danger of being fucked because if she just like things stay positive and I keep escalating。

 that's the direction is going。 And it's a sure thing and again， anytime it gets negative。

 back off chill out。 once it gets positive again， you escalate somewhere。 So it's slow and steady。

 constant escalation， but each little bit of escalation is so， so， so tiny。

 that she would almost feel like ridiculous objecting to it， given what's happened before。

 Two other ideas that go along with this。 first is you don't want to escalate just to escalate。

 there are certain forms of touch that don't matter。 So for example。

 if you're just getting comfortable or getting her comfortable with you touching her。

 touching on the for I'm sure that's okay you know a little hand on the low back fine just quickly But when you don't want to do is just keep like touching her and touching her and touching her like you're like playing tag with her body。

 touching just to touch touching should have a purpose behind it。

And one of my good friends eucciated this point expressed this point very well by saying the term Boner is not keyno。

 meaningno meaning touch or kinesthetics， So bone meaning getting aroused， getting erect。

 that kind of thing。 So the idea is he wants to touch the girl in a way that's gonna arouse her。

 which really means he wants to touch a girl in a way that arouses him。

 So he wants there to be some sensitivity， some tenderness。

 some arousedal some sensuality in the way he touches a girl。 So for example。

 if I was gonna to touch a girl， I wouldn't be like tapping her forear or tapping this her tricep。

 tapping her for， tapping her trice， tapping her shoulder。

 like that's not doing anything like just touching a girl like this。

 like playing tag is not doing anything。 But on the other hand， if say， for example。

 you're just like ran your hand suddenly up and down a girl's arm something like that。

 that would be fine or say you're touching her hand and you just kind of like you know like give a little this。

 It seems almost like potentially creepy when I do it to myself。 But it is a subtle little move。

 It's a gesture， that kind of stuff。 So you or even just like holding hands lightly is totally fine。

Wants to be doing things that are sensual in nature， not just touching for the sake of touching。

 This may seem obvious， but I see students do it so， so， so often。 thats we what we call the like。

The the pointless hand on the lower back where they just like the girl。

 the guy holding the girl and just keeps the hand on the lower back for like half an hour straight。

 It's not doing anything。 It's not doing anything。 All right。

 what he needs to do is escalate to something that actually is doing something arousing him and arousing the girl。

 or back off and start escalating again。 And that's another great point。

 which is as soon as soon as you started escalate as soon you escalate it to a certain level。

 you can always escalate to that level again so you don't need to be needy about it。

 once you've held the girl's hand like for a bit and walked around。 you can drop her hand。

 go do your thing and then later on， you can always grab her hand again and start holding hands with her if you want to。

 you don't have to cling to whatever you've achieved with the jaws of life， You can let it go。

 if you can't let it go， you didn't have it in the first place。 so understand that， too， again。

 to steps forward one step back not only is it push forward。

 push forward and then stop pushing forward， it actually is actually release like let there be a period without touch。

 If you're doing things really， really well when you drop the physicality。

 she should miss the physicality， more than she felt。Ad with whatever physicality is going on。

 The second you drop it， she should actually want it back。

 And that makes the next escalation actually easier and easier。 Okay， so that's very。

 very critical as well。 Last tip on physicality。 And this is a general concept as well。

 but it is something that I'm very technically aware of。

 which is you want to escalate in a way that maintains the sexual tension rather than reducing it。

 meaning you don't want to be obvious and you don't want to be a foregone conclusion。

 Okay so let me give you some examples of this。 I talked a minute ago about， you know。

 you've held the girl's hand and it's okay to let it go。 Think about if you didn't do that。

 Think about if once you grab the girl's hand like say you're on a date。

 you grab the girl's hand like half an hour into the date。 And then for the next five hours。

 you just keep holding her hand。 How does she feel。

 She feels like she has some needy thing clinging to her。 and she has no doubt that you like her。

 she has no doubt that you have sex with her， no doubt that you'd bend over backwards for her。

 So all the tension， all the intrigue。 all the sort of like what's gonna happen。

 All the excitement is lost。 because she knows how the movie ends。 It's too obvious。

 Sam thing happens a lot with guys。With kissing a lot where once they've kiss a girl。

 they just want to keep kissing and kissing and kissing。

 and they're like they want the entire rest of the interaction to being。

 I feel like if they stop kissing things somehow went backwards。 that's not the case。 actually。

 one of the best ways to kiss a girl or to do when kissing a girl is kiss a little bit and then pull away and leave her actually wanting more so that on the next kiss。

 she'll be the one initiating or at least she'll be the one that's more about it that way you're escalating in a way instead of killing the sexual attention increases the sexual attention。

 And that's the key。 every escalation you do， whether it be physical logistical or verbal should be increasing the sexual attention rather than killing it an example from verbal just to make this point would be if if you say to a girl。

 you're very cute。 that actually is a verbal escalation。

 But if throughout the entire time that you're hanging out with you're like you're cute。

 you're so cute。 you're so hot。 there's something so cute about you。 you're just so good looking。

 I just like your eyes， you're so well dressed。 If you say too many of those it becomes boring loses its impact。

 she knows you can have you and shes。Bh， who is this guy that's like so wrapped up in me。 Okay。

 so it's the same thing with any form of escalation。

 you need to do it in such a way that you maintain the sexual tension instead of decreasing it。

 and if anything， ideally actually increase the sexual tension。

