# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：6. 如何接吻：4 如何接吻内场练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are a few exercises for how to go for the kiss and two of these will be sort of technical in nature and one of them is kind of a just do it。

 balls up kind of you know man up and go for it exercise。

 And that's important too because a big part of going for the kiss isn't even technical is just deciding to do it and kind of being man enough to do it。

 But the first exercise is to practice the phase shift。 And as we said in the lesson。

 the phase shift is basically where you decide to change the energy of the interaction from a casual social。

 high energy sort of conversational vibe to a low key sexually intense high tension aroused to vibe。

 So what you're going to do。Is get yourself turned on。Slow down。😔，Look her in the eye。

And think about kissing her or think about doing something sexual。 And actually， in this exercise。

 you can either do that and then go ahead and kiss her。 or if for for fun， you want to do it。

 just do the phase shift and then go back to normal conversation and then do the phase shift and go back to normal conversation and just practice that phase shift and actually。

 what you'll probably find is if you do the phase shift a few times without kissing her。

 you may very well get her very aroused。 and she may even start escalating on you。

 which is a pretty powerful thing。 But regardless， the phase shift in and of itself is what will lead to kissing。

 being easy and normal and natural。 So practice it within the interaction。

 see how much you can change the energy of the interaction by just changing your own energy slowing down。

Changing your focus， etc。 Okay， so that's what're gonna to do is just phase shift within the interaction。

 Next extra says you're gonna to do is you're gonna do all the little soft closes that lead up to the kiss without necessarily going for the kiss。

 Now， if you happen to kiss a girl here in there， that's totally fine as well。

 we don't discourage that。 But what you want to do is all the little ones brush her hair out of her face。

 you know， like caress her arms a little bit leaning close whisper in her ear。

 pull back across her face and see how she reacts to that。

 do an eskimo kiss lean forward and you know lean your forehead into her forehead face， shoulder arm。

 whatever and see how she reacts to it。 Another one you could even do is like kiss her neck at some point。

 But I want you to do all the little buildup steps to the kiss without worrying about whether you get the kiss。

 just treat those as a step in and of themselves instead of worrying about the whole big journey。

 And again， if you happen to kiss a girl， that's not such a bad thing。

 And if you don't happen to kiss her， but you do these sort of steps。

 it's gonna build a ton of sexual attention。 It's very likely she'll start es。

On you or even like get really like aroused and just start chasing you really hard。

 So that's totally fine as well。And then the last exercise is more of the man up exercise。

 And that is simply every interaction that goes more than 10 minutes。 You must try to kiss the girl。

 That's actually unrealistic because most day game sets。

 you're not gonna be necessarily kissing in the first 10 minutes， but it's good exercise。

 It's good practice for you to do that。 So that the kiss becomes a noneven。

 So the kiss becomes a normal thing。 If you want to to work up to this。

 You can give yourself a longer time span at first。

 if you want to say every 20 minutes at first and you can build it down to every 10。

 That's totally fine as well。 the big thing here is you want to have a standard for yourself。

 You want to have a criteria that I will try and kiss the girl so that you never can give yourself excuse。

 you can't give you the excuse of like oh， I'll do it later oh no。

 I don't need to kiss this one or whatever。 You need to have that like。

That decision that you've made in your mind that you will hold yourself to， because it's so。

 so easy to just go the entire interaction without kissing it。 In fact。

 when I was learning game at first， I went 9 months of dating before I got my first kiss。

 I knew I needed to kiss。 but I just made a lot of excuses。

 So the key point of this drill is just get rid of all the excuses。 Just man up and go for it。

