# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#1【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is a app from。Probably about three years ago as well。

 This is like either the second or third time I was ever filmed。

 I think I may have been filmed by Jeffy's crew once between the Boston in this。

 but this is like the first day ever went out with my， my crew in New York。 So long time ago。

 I actually haven't seen this set in a long time。 but I do remember it as a actually a solid。

 solid interaction。 It closed well and closed to a solid number with follow up and with a fairly cute girl。

 So let's have a look。 I also haven't viewed this in a long time。

 So I'm going to it completely like clean， clean slate。 So to speak。😊，はい。

I'm sorry you look absolutely compelling。那もい。IOkay， a couple things here really quickly。Maybe 3。

 First is the opener is relevant to her。 It's not some random。 like。

 what about politics or how do I get to Walgens or something like that， It's definitely man to woman。

 definitely clearly about her。Second thing is good eye contact， not messing around。

 squared up shoulders。Clearly， mans woman。 And the third is this right here。

 which is what I call the man to woman handshake。This is not a business handshake。

 This is not the handshake you give when like negotiating a real estate deal。 Allright。

 by shaking hands like this and having this posture pulling her into my chest， etc ceter。

 everything about this is clearly mandwo woman， this girl has no doubt that I'm there as a man that I'm there with intent。

 etc。 So that's clearly convey。 And the great thing about conveying intent is that she's going to respond in a very pure way。

 So if she gives you， if she gives you resistance and shit tests， well。

 that gives you an opportunity to pass those shit tests and convey your masculinity。

 If she responds positively， things can ecalate quickly in the set can go somewhere。

 But until you've shown intent in the set， you never really know where you stand。

 So a it's good for the set itself。 but also it's great as a barometer for exactly where you're at and what you need to do next。

 guys that don't show intent or often lost in the set。 They're often like where am I at。

 Does she like me or not， what do I do next， Where guys who do show intent。

 They will sometimes get resistance， especially if they show it in the wrong way。

 But at least they'll get a good idea of where they're at and where they need to go。😊。

Some as lovely as your first experiencinging Je。AndAnother thing right there。

 I'm already qualifying her。 right， Are you as lovely as your first appearance suggests。

 So I'm already sort of enacting the frame。 ironically we' in front of the best buy。

 So the best Bu TV frame or the buyer seller frame where I'm in the position of I'm buying and she needs to sell to me。

 as opposed to me needing to win her over。😊，know我。嗯ello。Apparently， at this one。

I little grab drinking a little bit but。What is your story quickly before you heard your friend Spanish for my life forever？

My story quickly is that I'm visiting California。Oh really， tomorrow is my。So Shari said。

 like you're good。 She's already giggling。 She already smiling， etc ce。 So I know that she likes me。

 I know that she's aroused。 The hook is there。 So and she's， you know， essentially。

 has asked me a question already， she's already invested in the interaction。 So at this point， now。

 what do I need to do。 I need to find out what our logistics are figure out what her situation is。

 And I also need to， to a certain extent， get to know her because if if I don't get to know on any level if it's just pure game game game。

 then if I do get a number if I do follow up she's not gonna feel compelled to see me because she won't have a way to categorize it in her mind。

 she won't have a way to kind of make it all make sense。

 And she won't have like a narrative that we like each other。😊。

So those are the things I'm gonna work on now。 And already， you can see it's。I don't know， like。

30 seconds or so into the set， maybe 40 seconds into the set。 And basically， I know she likes me。

 It's all about just figuring out the details。 right， Now， does she like me enough to like。

 jump into bed with me yet， No， but does she like me enough that all I have to do is。

 is be a cool guy。 and we're good。 Yeah， definitely。😊，What you're going for tonight。

 we need to make it exciting。Going out with my friends， I used to live here。

Your friends are doing my family。Because that's the only way that I'm going to get to meet you well。

 where are you guys going out？Maybe LES maybe meet a back game we'll figure it out。

A couple of promoters who see what they have。Yeah， I was going to add to me packing I think we were just going to keep a Melow in Lies village area。

Let's do this why don't we're actually waiting we're in California are you LA or San Francisco close Francisco。

Where。And I travel out there a lot， but I usually stay in like because I do work out there。

 you live here though？What are you doing。Or a public speaker。So I technically don't work here。

 I technically work everywhere and then I come back here to like have fun between periods of work if that makes sense Well yeah here's the place to have fun that's what I'm back here for this week just to messs around。

So can I you to come back and you give boys。Itice me to come back where。

goingI' mean not like this street court， I'd prefer that the next time we hang out， we do like。

 you know， inside somewhere sort of like posh and relatively like nice， yeah。

I'm prefer to not meet girls on the street， but I didn't have a choice in your case and you see。

 I have actually never been a approach on the street really。Well。

 in our light don't hang out on street corner。To avoid that and it's good。

 I appreciate that that certainly excludes certain professions for you， which I appreciate is good。

At least if you do them， you do them well， that was really bad。Let's do this。

 Why don't So hear what I'm doing， obviously teasing her， which is great。

 but also like sexualizing the conversation， making， you know。

 just little inroads towards it being man to woman。

 figuring out what I can get away with figuring out like how risky I can be now big mistake here is I I may have missed it。

 I don' I don't think she said， like she's me her friends urgently right this second as far as I know。

 So mistake I made here is I'm gonna go go ahead and get her number。 And that's all。

 that's all well and good。 And actually turned out to be relatively solid。

 But the mistake I made here is not closing for what I could have This is you know， a long time ago。

 And my paradigm in game starting out was always number， number， number and follow up and to be fair。

 I was probably thinking just， you know， just about getting a lot of numbers。

 getting a lot of sets because my first day ever filming。😊，But really。

 this is a situation where I should be screening for maybe an instant date， even if it's a quick one。

 even it's just five minutes somewhere or whatever，'cause that would make things much， much。

 much more solid。 So I probably。Succeeded， but failed here by just settling for a number。

We'll get in touch later and figure out if we're in the same area and if so。

 we'll meet up if not then。Who knows， maybe somewhere around the world but my number number。あ慢。Okay。

 so two things here。 The clothes is a little bit indirect。 It's kind of like hinted at。 It's。

 it's a softer close。 like， maybe we can hang out sometime vague， random， whatever。

 You want to get her to say yes to that。 And then you can close more specifically。

And you usually will get a better result that way。 if you get a series of yeses instead of going for everything at once and hearing no。

 and then having to backtrack and renegotiate。 So that's a big one。 Second thing is normally。

 I won't give my number to a girl。 I want hers。 The exception to that is when they kind of bring it up。

 if they bring it up。 like let me take your number or something like that。

 that's different than what a lot of guys get is like， hey， can I have your number I like， well。

 why don't I take yours instead， And that's that's a signal of resistance。

 That's a signal if I'm not comfortable， I don't want to commit that kind of thing。

 But if you're just talking or you just vaguely hinted at it。 And she's like， well。

 why don't you put your number in here， etc ceter。 that's usually pretty good。 And then also。

 when it's that pleasant and positive， you can always make sure that you get her number in your phone as well。

 which is what you ultimately want， Even if the sets's really， really on。

 you don't want to trust just like your number in her phone because you never know with girls。

 You never know they feel great in that moment， they're super on。 But then5 minutes later。

10 minutes later， their mood changes they forget about you， whatever。😊，So always good to。

 to have a way to contact if you're， if you're trying to play on a high percentage。

And Mary B just sent you a text message for her she talks to me way too。Please don't tell her that。

She's my neighbor， Rebecca。So is there any reason for this city other than just to visit right now or No not right now I just I hadn't been back for a couple months。

 so I just moved back out of here December。Just missed everyone。

 wanted to see everyone I worked with and all my friends。这个。ThatNot a whole lot to see there。

 but good to note that as I'm getting the number， I'm still talking to her。

 I don't just go into like silent number mode where like， you know， she's like thinking oh my God。

 what's going on And things are awkward and she comes out of whatever positive mood she's in。 Now。

 you don't have to be like amazing in conversation will getting the number。

 But just like keep it talking keep it rolling。 It's also very good when you're pulling like when there's a transition in the set there's some kind of close going on。

 It's good to just keep some level of talk going， some level of banter。

 just so that she isn't thinking too much。 isn't like， what's coming next。

 and it's not nothing like silent and ominous。 I will let you know where we end up later tonight。😊。

咁个。You're off right now what Well I mean I'm going back to school in the fall。

 I'm out of school temporarily。So。And then this is key for making a solid number。

 is stay a few minutes after getting the number。 What you don't wantan to be is。

 is what I call the phone number bandit， which is the guy that like you get the number and then you just run away as fast as possible。

 which actually used to be me because I I I believed I would mess it up if I stayed longer。 But yeah。

 and also， you don't want to treat the phone number as an objective。

 You want to treat it as a means to an end just a part of the interaction。

 a part of getting to know the girl。 If you're treating it as a prize or a trophy。

 You're gonna do a lot of things wrong。It was calling me back to California。系。

Soair enough fair enough， yeah， me know， let me know where you go。

 Elll let you know where we go and whatever all right sounds。

you as well hopefully I will always forever be the cutest ever I know if you ever made a cuter better man than me on the street carry him but it doesn't exist so I'm sorry I'm sorry to have ruined street for you ever。

すごいね。It's a lot of pressure air。All right my friend， she'se。

So it turns out that the instant a thing wouldn't have worked so well。

 And she may have mentioned that earlier。 but in any case， pretty decent set overall。

Good level of interaction， good level of attraction， decent comfort。

 It would have been nice to find out a little more about each other if we'd had the time。 Also。

 it would have been nice to get her to qualify a bit more。 But I think she was。😊。

She was adequately aroused as then she was having a good time。

 And she had like a lot of positive emotions。 But in terms of a good set in terms of something that won't flake。

 try to think compliance over emotions。 Try and think the amount that she's chasing you。

 the amount that she's。😊，Going into your frame， the amount that if you say something she does it。

 all those kind of things， that matters more than however giggly she is or whatever like kind of emotional state she's in。

 So this is like a decent interaction。 and ended up being solid enough that she texted back。 And we。

 we potentially would have made plans， but I had plans somewhere else and didn't up end up going。

 But there was text back and forth。 And there were plans discussed。 So it was a good enough set。

 especially for a quick one。 But there are things that could have been。

 could have been included to make it even better。