# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：4. 如何让她立即想要你：1 如何激发吸引力和欲望【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So now that you're actually in a conversation with a girl。

 the next step is taking that conversation from something platonic to something that actually is man to woman is relevant to you and her and is starting to move things in a more intimate。

 more sexual direction or at the very least， taking it from a conversation where she's just sort of like listening to you and not engaging to a conversation where she's engaging with you。

 contributing and getting invested in the conversation itself。 So how do we make that happen。 Well。

 mentality wise， the first thing is you have to be willing to take the risk it's very easy sort of emotionally to have the platonic conversation。

 the conversation where it's like， you know， people say like they have their like bubble of personal space。

 I think that conversation with people have that bubble as well。

 It's like they're totally comfortable talking about politics or the weather or sports or something that doesn't relate to them。

 But as soon as you make it about them。 as soon as you make it personal。😊。

That's maybe a little uncomfortable。 However， those are also the best conversations and the ones we find the most interesting and the most meaningful。

 And so it's a question of like risk and reward。 if you don't take any risk。

 you won't receive any reward。 You want to be smart about the risk you're taking。

 but you have to take that risk。 what you want to avoid more than anything else in game is what I call the half hour conversation nowhere。

 you do not want that phenomenon where you talk， you talk， you talk， you talk， you talk。

 and then she's like， well， okay， it was nice to meet you and then you walk off and she leaves without ever knowing that you had a penis。

 In fact， maybe even she leaves without ever knowing that you really want to engage with her in conversation rather than just making idle small talk。

 Okay very， very， very important that you decide in your head。 You're gonna bridge that gap。

 You decide you're going to escalate。 If you don't make that decision。

 you will end up hearing nice to meet you， nice to meet you。

 nice to meet you until your head will fucking explode。

And you want to punch the next girl who says nice to meet you。

 And that's actually the process most people go through。 They hear it so many times。 Eventually。

 they get pissed off。 And then they just decide， you know what， the next interaction。

 I don't care if she slaps me， kicks me in the balls， whatever。

 I just don't want to hear nice to meet you one more goddamn time in my life。

 And that's when they actually develop the balls to do the approach the right way。

 I'm gonna encourage you to do it from the start。 understand in order to get the reward of a good conversation that's man to woman。

 You have to take that risk。 That's the first fundamental understanding of getting the hook。

 You have to do something。 You have to create a conversation that is hookworthy。

 You have to create a conversation that goes beyond just the superficial。 beyond that。😊。

Understand that getting the hook essential what you're doing is you're getting a reaction from the girl。

 And what do people react to。 What do people respond to， Basically， there are two things。

 One is people respond to value and two is people respond to threat。

 So anything they perceive of as high value in general or anything they perceive of as offering value to them。

 they will pay attention to， they will engage with， they will respond to。

 Anything they view as a threat。 I。e。 It's a threat to them themselves personally a threat to their value or it's a warning of some kind。

 They will pay attention to engage with that because it's just like self preservation。 first of all。

 you have to decide to take a risk to get their attention。 You have to decide it's worth it。

 It's worth the risk to get their attention。 It's worth the risk to have them responding to you and engaged in the conversation。

 And if the conversation blows up， if they end up disliking you for it， that's fine。

 Be loved or hated， not merely liked。 That's very， very， very critical。 Secondly， though。

 understand what it is that will get a response and that is。High value or threat。 Okay。

 value or threat。 All right， That's the basic understanding you need to have in order to hook sets properly。

