# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：11. 如何发起X行为：1 最流畅的升级心态框架【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Finally， what you've been waiting for the sex part。 I know from the very start you're like。

 I just wantna fuck girls。 Well， we're gonna get down to exactly how to do just that now。

 But first we're gonna to talk about the mentality that goes behind everything you do and then we'll get into the technicals。

 So the mentality that goes into having sex with the girl once you get back to her place。

 the biggest thing I can emphasize for you， which is the same thing I emphasize in getting her home is patience。

 in my experience， if you get a girl into your house and try and have sex with right then and there。

 you're gonna get a lot of resistance。 But if you let her chill out， relax。

 get to know your place for five minutes or so usually things get very， very easy from there。

 In fact， what I like to do a lot of times I'll let her girl in I'll I have to go to the bathroom。

 just go use the restroom and let her get familiar with my place。

 Now obviously do this with a girl you trust ideally don't be bringing a girls back to your place you think you're gonna rob you blind in the five minutes you in the bathroom。

 let the girl get comfortable walk around your place etc。

 You can even do little extra things like I used to like leave a window open so she can hear like the street noises。

So she doesn't feel claustrophobic or leave the TV on。 So she's not just sitting there in silence。

 But idea is， let her get comfortable， Let her explore place。

 Let her see that it's not like a dark dungeon where bad things are gonna happen to her and let her see that you're not in a hurry and you're not needy again。

 remember that phrase from the pulling section which is and I'm having a good time no matter what and that's what really matters isn't it。

 remember that you want to convey to her that it's an experience for you and you want to actually treat as an experience。

 take your time， enjoy the process， savor it。 And what you'll find ironically is if you're in a rush。

 you'll usually slow things down because she'll feel your rush and still start being resistant whereas if you're patient。

 things will tend to go very， very， very quickly because there will be no resistance。

 It's easier to go step by step slowly and gradually and just go straight to sex。

 then it is to go really fast and then stop and go backwards and then not even know if you're gonna get there so be patient。

 I cannot emphasize you enough how much you need to be patient。

Second huge thing is when you get to go back to your place。

 it's really useful if you can to have what I call an intermediate venue。 So， for example。

 if your apartment complex has a roof， maybe take the go to the roof and hang out before you go back to your place Or if you just have a standard apartment take her and hang out in the living room before you take her to the bedroom。

 The idea is certain locations scream sex to a girl more than others。

 and the more the location says sex， the more she's gonna be inherently nervous and resistant。

 the more little location just seems like casual fun place。

 the more likely she is to just escalate and have a good time and think this is just some fun crazy thing we're doing okay so for example。

 say I had an apartment with a rooftop probably what I do is go grab drinks at my place run her up to the rooftop。

 maybe let her in my place br so she can get another feel for the place go up to the rooftop chill I have the drinks up there。

 And then if it's a private enough place I might even start getting quite physical up there getting her aroused and then maybe be the one to pull away。

 be the one to chill out and then take it downstairs。From there or if it's private enough。

 I might even just have sex with her there。 The point is her resistance is going to be far less in that place that's perceived of as as a semipublic place a place that's not perceived of as a bedroom。

 a stereotypical sex location As soon as she gets in a bedroom she merely thinks oh shit I'm in a bedroom sex might happen and every little touch。

 every little caress， every kiss she's thinking oh shit。

 do I want to have sex with them Oh shit do I want to have sex with them when you're on a rooftop or by a pool or in a living room even she's just thinking。

 oh， this is fun。 I'm enjoying it。 so it's a different frame in that intermediate venue can be a massive difference。

 Okay so that's another part and parcel of having patience but it's also understanding that。

Every location because of social stereotypes has a certain meaning to girls and you want to avoid those social stereotypes you also along that same line want to avoid keywords like when you bring a girl upstairs you don't want to say come up to my place or come up to my bedroom and's like hey。

 you want to come up and have a cup of coffee。There's a reason that's such a cliche is because it works。

 That kind of thing It works because that euphemism。 It allows her again to have sex。

 which she wants to without feeling like a sluut， which she obviously does not want to that's super important。

 Last big mental sort of idea thing that you need to have in your head for initiating sex and moving things forward is a model like called two steps forward。

 one step back that means you push forward， you escalate a little bit， you get closer， more intimate。

 more physical。 and then at some point you back off and then you go forward a little bit more pressure a little bit more physical。

 closer to sex and then you back off if it's a linear just getting closer and closer and closer and closer and inevitable。

 she's gonna get very， very nervous。 But if you occasionally just back off， relax。

 sure you're not needy， sure you're willing to take your time。

 maybe even make her wonder why you backed off like oh。

 he like me so much What happened Did I do something wrong。

 and have her even chase you during that that block， it's gonna go a lot faster。 again。

 this is the irony going the linear path of escalate， escalate， escal， escalate。

 willll take you a long time。get resistance and make her nervous。 If you go two forward，1 back。

2 forward， one back。 that's gonna be a lot better。 And by the way， this two steps forward。

 one step back is not some kind of like mathematical formula scientific process。

 It's just the idea of escalate a bit and pull back， escalate a bit and pull back。

 This is not like some scientific like you know hand on thigh， hand on stomach。

 hand off hand on stomach hand on breast not nothing like that。 It's not fucking calculus。

 But the idea is go forward a little bit back off and let the interaction breathe throughout。 Again。

 this is all again part of forplay。 This is part of having great experience。

 And it's what an abundant man would do。 Allright， so that's two steps forward one step back。

 So that's the mentality of what to do when you get go back to your place。

 Let's talk about the technical elements of exactly how you can seal the deal superfily coming up next。

