# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#8【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Alright， so here's an example of， I said those was really good。 These girls actually did follow。

 like the plan was for them to follow up and come out and meet up with me。

 and they actually did follow up within a couple hours with， with plans to directly meet up。 So。

 it's pretty solid， pretty good。 Girl are cutdish。 I， I'd say a little。😊。

Thicker than I normally like， but like not bad。 And it it's， it's a， it's a well run set in general。

 A good example of how to， how to deal with a two set， how to bring a wing in that kind of stuff。

 So just a good instructional set overall。Hello。Because look as adorable as you look occupied right now。

 my childhood was thrive。Is that to the phone or to me？That's a nice thing to say to your mom。

 that's pretty funny actually。It's actually hilarious。 Who are you guys。 So notice already。

 I'm in a good mood。 I'm laughing。 I'm finding things funny。 That's absolutely huge。

 You'll notice when I'm on that I laugh a lot in set。 when I'm not on， I'm very serious in set。

 So if you need do to get yourself in that like fun， happy laughing mood。

 even if you're not even saying cool things or whatever。

 It just says a lot of positive things about your vibe about your life experience， about who you are。

 etc cetera。 Who are you guys。😊，门。Nice to meet you。

 I like the like little Napoleon scarf hand thing you got going on there and you are。That's okay。

 although I think that you should not be on the phone anyway but me because I think you're adorable you're you guys around here are really you working have。

 This is a positive。 I like this。 And so even notice like compliment you have jobs。

 is a positive I like。 It's a compliment。 but it's really a qualifier it's really getting to qualify。

 And this idea of getting them to qualify is so important， you want that as soon as humanly possible。

 Like if I could walk up to a girl and be like who are you prove yourself to me。

 that would be ideal now that in the real world that doesn't happen because a lot of girls won't jump through that hoop yet。

 But as soon as you can actually make that happen， you want to start doing that。

 So these kind of soft qualifiers like that are a great way to testre kind looking for jobs。

 just give me the brief story because I think I think， first of all。

 you're super fun and like I love that and you're both super cute。😊，So I want to meet you guys。

 but I want to know if this is going to be one of those friendships where like you break my heart in like an hour。

哇。Here's an interesting pop quiz。 Which one's I target。This one。How do you know that。

 How do you know that the the shorter ones my target。M and I will be one。

 Second one is like the eye contact and the pauses， right， So even though I like。

Between the two of them， I gave the other one the bigger compliment。 I know you're cool。

 you're cool and fun and amazing。 Those are all like platonic compliments。 Those are nonsual。

 You're cool and fun is， you know， a friendly compliment。 But this girl， yeah， she had the handshake。

 like I held a little long And then the eye contact and the lingering sort of like gaze。

 that kind of stuff。 So that's how you show， that's how you show intent。

 That's how you pick your target。 It's not about the amount that you talk to the girl。

 It's not about how positive you are with her。 It's about the nature of the interaction。

 Is it of a man to woman in nature。 Okay is it sexual in nature。😊。

And so that's how you can tell very clearly。What do you want to do， Okay。

 so also now body language tells you， right， who am I choosing to face。

 It's another big one is I I could face her and address her about her。

Sorry I could face that won't that won't plan video。

 I could face the short one and address the big one about the little one。But。

 and even though I'm interacting with the bigger one， it's clearly about the little one。

 That's my target。 Okay， so you are visiting here from where， first of all， we got。虽然啊。How far is。

We are。Half rather home。ItLike right in the middle，88 I'm from World。Oh nice， okay。

 I was out there like a few weeks ago， you didn't even like come say hi to me on this race。It's okay。

 we to how long in town for？what are you doing tonight？Sleeping。Are you serious。

 this is the laest thing ever， how old are you guys of 21 age or are you younger or're 21 come to surrender tonight。

And I'm not a promoter， I just want you to come for my own edification。

 I want you to come meet me and say hi， me and my friends。All right。

 are you just like's my friends over here。 we're all trying to decide we're gonna bounce。

 That's pretty funny。 Actually， they look over so he hides the cameras shoot at the ceiling for a second。

 we're all trying to decide we're gonna bounce。 So we're thinking about going to a different place。

 you just not're not until're you can totally meet the friends come。😊，I'm just the outgoing one。

 but like they're cool too， they're really cool。They wouldn't be my friends if they weren't cool。

 Let's be， let's be fair。 I don't try and be friends with lay people。

 You became friends with us in less than 25 seconds We're friends already。 I'm flattered。

 So I thought we were still like people who。Like each other and were malls and make weird small talk about Thanks to who you're calling awkward Jesus。

 I'm a little annoyed now， I thought I thought I thought it was like beautiful。

 I thought we just hit it off magically。 moment It was It was a few timing。😊。

Depririve childhood and everything。I literally thought you were talking to me， I was like， oh。

 deprived child oh she she needs a wonderful man because she didn't have that in her childhood clearly clearly clearly clearly line guys just walk up deprive yeah。

That's how you that's how you rope us in。 It really did it。

 have like it made me have this like nice degree of like edginess。

 sympathy and like little odd vulnerability all at once。

 It was great This is a great kind like just wrenches at your heart stringings that combination what I'm saying is bullshit right just like bullhitting going way over the top but again it conveys all the right kind of frames。

 It conveys the frame of there's relationship between us。

 I want to get to know you all that kind of stuff and it's。😊，It's very like safe to do it that way。

 There's a lot of ways that you can bring that stuff in。 For example。

 if you told a story about something overtly sexual。

 that'd be a way you could bring sex into the conversation without being at fault。

 Or if you said your friend said something overtly sexual。

 Then you can say it without being at fault。 right And here。

 because there's clearly this like little bullshit make believeief scenario between us。

 I can say whatever I want， even if it's very sexual。 And it's， it's low risk， right。

 so I can inject that sexuality， Inject that manda woman bybe。

 even inject like the plot line and the idea that we're together romantically into the conversation。

 But it's very， very low risk because it's all in the hypothetical。 It's a very。

 very powerful thing that you can do combination。Have you I thought I thought it was just for me now now that I know it's not genuine it doesn't mean the same thing I mean。

 it was still a deprived childhood。enineThis is seriously what？Where you staying？Paez。Okay。

 so here's what you do。Go to Harris and grab whatever clothes you want to come out in。

 you could actually come out like that if you wanted to do， but I would suggest。

We are super cute and adorable you are super cute and adorable Well I just I just it's not like it's not like it's not like club clothes。

 but it's fine If you want a come look I would gladly parade you both on my arms and be like these are the two cutest girls ever and fuck you all。

So there I totally would， I'd be like， who I am with。

So if you'd like to come actually we're gonna head over there in like half an hour。

 so I I meeting my friends for a quick bite before， if you'd like to come with us for that。

 you can come stay with us and just come out with us if you want to go change and come out。

 I can take your number and you can come meet us however you want to do it。

 but I want you guys out tonight with us。However we can make that happen Well it's the last chance I have to meet you if you leave town。

 what are the odds we're actually going to ever meet each other exactly。I don't believe in fate。

 I think fate needs a answer。财。Yeah。I could serendipitously call you and tell you to come out and youd be like。

 oh my God， he called this so random， why don't we come out？That sounds highly serendipitous。

 doesn't it？But you know， it's your last night of a bag。 You you to come out and have fun。

 You can do homework any night。 So here I'm sort of like in a。

 it is a frame of like begging in a way。 right， It's not， it's not like hardcore begging。

 but I am trying to persuade。 I'm very overtly trying to persuade。 right。

 So it's not like she's chasing me。 I'm， if anything， I'm the chasing1。

 But the frame that makes it okay， I think is the frame that like I'm doing something cool。

 They're doing something lame。 And I'm trying to convince them not to be lame。 right。

 So it's sort of like convincing for their own benefit as much as mine。

 And I'm convincing in like they。😊，They seem like people that like to party。

 They seem like fun outgoing people。 So I can't imagine that they're in Vegas wanting to like go to sleep early in that party。

 So I think that it's， it's in alignment with their vibe。 So it's not， it's not a very hard sell。

 right？ It's almost like if you had tickets to like the coolest concert of the year or something like that。

 you're trying to convince someone to go to it。 And like I have to do homework might come on， really。

 don't be lame。 right。 And so even though you're begging a little bit。

 You're also like condescending them as you're begging。 So it's not fully like low value。

 You can do homework any night。 there in the morning。😊，How long is your homework？And what is it？

Make下。I'm a public speaker， I'll help you。Oh， you want to do it for us。Yeah， go to。No。

 I can't give you the prison out Ill help you figure out the little ins and outs。Tuesday。

 come present。You could do it。Okay， come out for a little bit， come out for like two hours。

Two hours yeah， come out from like come out from like 11 to1 back so we're not very good Okay， fine。

 then come out and just have fun， it's fine too。You'll be here's the thing the thing about a presentation is that you can always wing it trust me I'm a public speaker I wing all my presentations I mean I'm sure that I can but we have to turn in the slides to invite by tonight Oh yeah。

Do the slides have to be the same as the ones you use， just turn in something。

 you just turn in something and you go use something completely different？Yeah。And I haven't started。

So here I'm looking for an easy solution。 if I can find a quick solution。

 like if I can find a good solution to their problem。

 I feel like they'll come out because they it's not like they don't like me don't want to come out。

 anything like that。 It's just they have a legitimate。

 there's a difference between we call an objection in a condition would be like the sale terms objection is like you know。

 I have to think about or or something like that，'s just，'s just I'm hesitant， that's no big deal。

 But if it's like I have to wait until payday before I actually have the money in my account。

 That's a condition that's something that actually exists in the real world。

 And so objections you deal with emotionally。 You just get them more bought in more like enthusiastic。

 more excited And that deals with the objection。 But the condition。

 you have to actually problem solve So here they have a condition。 Like's a legitimate condition。

 They have a homework assignment。 They're trying to be responsible，s you know， it's something。

 So if I can solve the condition than whatever is the problem goes well at the end。😊。

I'm trying to solve this problem Best solution I have do you guys have to eat tonight have you eaten have you drank？

You have to drink too drink drink come out come out just for like a quick drink at don't even come to surrender because then you'll get like all roped in。

 just come to encore。Which is the building it's in。 So I'll be with my friends。

 I'll come grab a drink you guys in encore and we'll take it from that。

 You think if we can get them to Oncore that I won't be able to make something happen。 right。

 they don't need to come inside the club。 If I can get toco I can get them inside surrender anyway if I wanted to。

 But also， I I actually even prefer that。 But if you can't sell the big thing， sell the little thing。

 if you can't sell get them all the way your house， Ill get to a coffee shop。

 if can't sell get to a coffee shop， sell getting them to like walk over and say hi to your friends or sit down on a bench with you for a minute or whatever。

 So baby step it little by little。 we'll take it from there。And we'll find out if we love each other。

We love each other Wow was really bad no no， I don't mean like romantic love， I mean like you know。

 it was like the whole like I love hanging out with you kind of thing I mean you saw be friends that hang out the corner I don't know Do I come out。

No， I just really enjoyed that they're creepy。It makes me happy。

So the other here just creepy only one I'll let them talk on themselves Yeah。

These girls are lovely and fun。 I think I think too much fun because they want to come out。

 but they're afraid they're gonna not get their work done if they come out。 But， but I have。

 I have a little crush on this one just a little bit。

 even if she's far far away and I'll never see her again。

 said So there's an example of using some physicality。 But it's like inappropate context。

 I have a little crush on this one holding her tight that kind of stuff。

 And because I've already acknowledged that I like her， it's not that hard to do。

 It's not not a big deal。 And I'm actually gonna towards the end of the set。

 have to be a little more physical than you usually see me in day game as well。

 The reason being the friend seems okay with it， I have a lot of green lights。 And also because。😊。

I'm trying to get sort of enough emotional arousal to overcome the objection。

 So I'm willing to like pump the buying temperature a little bit， right， becauseuse I。

 I feel like there's， there's a little bit of urgency to getting a decision。 So in that case。

 I'm gonna use physicality to get her more aroused in order to sort of f， facilitate the decision。

' Yeah， Okay， good。 then let's do that， Look at man。 This is important。

Very serious first we have a serious conversation I can't even do that with a straight face。

 I know Okay， comic。 Okay Why you like make my pitch。😊，Is that is that what you want？Yeah。

 my pitch is this I'm the most amazing man you're ever gonna meet you have maybe some glimmer of that but you don't know me well yet I know that's arrogant but it's what I believe so it's honest and I feel that if you come have a drink with me for one to two hours you will be sufficiently enraptured that next time you come to Vegas it will be a fate a that we will hang out。

And that will be wonderful and talk about serendipity， you know， fate needs a helping hand sometimes。

 but once the wheeliel are set in motion anything could happen。

That's my very Disney denim why at the end， anyway。If you like that I I threw in a lot of like。Yeah。

 the French word at the ends。 the di。 Okay， anyway， right， so am I， am I essentially begging， Yes。

 but what am I begging under the frame of， I'm the most amazing manual ever meets。😊。

And if you give me an hour， you will never have to be convinced again， right So it's。

 it's an arrogant be， at least， right， And again， it's not super big because she still， I think。

 knows that I， I can take it or leave it。 And also， because in a way。

 because what I'm saying is so kind of over the top and outlandish， she knows it's not super serious。

Right what I'm saying， like， I am the most amazing man in the world。

 And once you spend one hour with me， you'll know， know， it's so outlandish that like。😊。

It's kind of playful and kind of a joke at the same time。Okay， anyway。

I don't know if we're going to come out or not， I do for an hour， one hour， give me one hour。

 I promise if you hang with me for an hour。Next time you home to Vegas， you will not forget。Oh。

 really。Do think that I too。If after an hour you think I'm wrong。

 you can tell me I was wrong and you be like， I knew it you were wrong。In the meantime。

 we had a fun time and a quick drink and homework time。Yeah。

Possibly possibly possibly Tom oncor now it's right across the street we can't come right now we have to go back。

So what's the objection now。It's not about coming。 It's about coming now。Right， right。

 so what did I do by making it urgent， I changed the objection。

 and I made the previous objection sort of an assumption。 Now， we have to go back。

 You haven't even been backward。 you can drop your bags off and stuff first。 Okay， one hour。

 then I'll come， I'll call you and then。Meet at like 9，39， 45 or something like that。

I'm not guaranteeing anything here。I don't know if for' sure if we're going to go hell。

 nothing' is guaranteed。Nothing is here nothing guaranteed， okay。Remind ends spellll。mray。T。

Nice to meet。It really。Remeet you。Yeah。Okay啊。そです。Okay。is my life。Do you just throw that out。

's so played now， but I't know， Yeah， it's sure if you hadn't said it loud。What's the number。760。开口。

are。Yeah。快后块。My。而家啲。Yeah。So clever。Not really， it's pretty obvious。 Yeah， a little bit obvious。

 I saw you coming from like。我得。Oh my god， somebody texting you already， I'll kill them。Your mine。

 no other man can have you。Carry you're a you're super fun So it just come for like an hour All right it'd be the best hour you ever spent with a man in a public place I mean。

 I mean， we can't do anything like frisky so it won't be you know that good but it'll be fun you'll enjoy it Okay and you'll want to see me next time to come here that's my that's my promise to you。

디 miss。So that's me getting a little bit like physical ish in the daytime and also like showing enough intent that she knows like。

 was there。 So what I'm trying to do there is I'm trying to like。

Be sexual enough that she's motivated because it like once you leave them。

 like getting them to come out in an hour， you need enough motivation there。

 But I'm trying to also be subtle enough that it's not like she won't feel sty about it。

 So I'm trying to like walk that line of motivating her without making her feel sty。All right。

 all right， go home， change one hour。 You guys are meeting us for drinks， one hour one hour。

 And then as we we're not for very long though like maybe an hour and then you guys can go do your homework just enough So we know each other for when you guys come back to Vegas or I come to。

Whatever。啊。You're like that's just as far away from Pi as Vegas， from Us Vegas， or whatever。

Like a seven difference it？I know， it's a can， really。Down， it's a long drive。All right， well。

 if I go therere off live then actually all right one hour。

 it's like 945 thereabouts like to all right nice meeting so yeah。

 they actually did follow up and we're trying to meet up with us by that time。I remember what it was。

 There was definitely something else going。 I think I was with some other girl and some other plan or whatever。

 And I just didn't ever get back to them， but。Very， very solid。

 Like solid to the point of them following up with us。 So very good set。

