# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：8. 如何进行即时约会：3 如何进行即时约会内场演示【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So I'm going to show you some infield examples of getting instant dates and there are a few critical criteria I want you to remember here first is just ask the biggest reason you don't get instant dates is you don't believe it's possible and you don't ask。

 okay you must be doing that beyond that you want to keep in mind that you're selling that it's not a big deal if you make it a big deal girls will get nervous about it and they'll reject it if you make it very casual and very normal and just a natural part of the interaction it will tend to happen for you So here are some great examples right now。

You are You're quite cute。 Thank you What are you doing right this exact second of your life talk you right now but I like the second answer。

 that means you're literal and smart。 See， I'm thinking that it's very hot and I want to take you for some kind of smoothie or related beverage for two minutes and find out if you're。

As cool and interesting as I think you might be。 Okay， sound like the worst idea in the world。 No。

 I like that。 Unfortunately， this is my first time here。 So I don't know smoothie places I。

 we could go actually hopefully Food right around the corner。

 we can go grab it like a smoothie there。 You with that。 Yeah do it。 It is。

 you're not I am not from this way。 You know， I'm nice like that sometimes。😊。

Half the tell I'm and asshole but you know， half to tell I nice I actually just came with use a Oh yeah。

She're like。Wellow。At least you're living in the information age。

Do you have a name Miss like Wifi theie， I'm going have to report you， by the way。

 I'm going to go in there and be like， look， you just check out there。

 she's stealing your bandwidth as we speak。She's using your wifi against your。

No it's like this is like Wifi abuse， Wifi assault， I was going to say Wifi rape。

 but that's a little strong you thing a little strong it is do you have a name？Yeah。

Where are you from。Very nice， You just visiting。No I moved here a couple of months ago。

 shouldnn't you have a data plan， I'm sorry I'm just saying I should I'm just like I'm an American。

 I don't have data either because I just got here Billy。Yeah， I should look little girl。

 you need some direction in your life I'm just saying。Yeah。

Not everything works out exactly how you want it， right now I should have date it。I'm sorry。

 sound like your two do list， you know， make rents， have data。Things like times taking so much fun。

 I apologize。Oh what are you doing like besides the wife I think right now。

 you're just like just out and about？Right now， well， I came to pick up my passport。

Because you left it， you went to a club， left it so I went to induction for my new job and I forgot it there。

Okay。And then I was thinking about。Having an ice cream with a cute boy。

Because there' there's this ho and dos right across。 I didn't know this is year。

 I've been through here like four times， when is like late at night I never saw it。

 I'm like you know what I might have to do。And ice cream。And if I do ice cream alone。

 then I'm like an addict， it's like drinking。 right， If you drink alone， you're an alcoholic。

 but if like you drink with friends it's social and then I had a be。Come here you I fucking love you。

 I'm so glad you said that a little bit。 It's a little bad， but I can live with it。Is not so bad。

Fucking hell and eat the shit to work。晚下。II thought you Europeans were so sophisticated。

 but you swear just like an American。いや系。People aren't sophisticated whatsoever。

 I think you have to go more south。 I was nice meeting you Then I just I was looking for someone sophisticated and cool。

 I mean， you're pretty in everything， but I just， I don't know if this is going to work。 Oh， okay。😊。

To bad。My heart's broken。You know， shit happens。Stop swearing， Im kidding。The cat， you're like boom。

 boom， boom。I was like actually how old were you in you learning English Should you speak very well Well。

 I started learning English in second grade。Make sense。Okay， are you looking at anything specific。

 or would you like to continue this over ice cream。

Do they have Wi Fi in here if it doesn't extend over there。

 then we can bring it back here and you can steal their table and their wfi。

I bet you'll get away with her shower，you have a little so you have like a hair in your face too like right。

 fucking there you go。啊哈。😊，哈。Well， no it was just the one that was like right there。

 she had a little one hair mustache going on is all right no， we mustn't have a mustache on。那呢。

None of this， none of that。F enough。So I am tempted to hang out you guys later， but what do you guys。

 if I were to invite you guys？So come meet up with a friend of mine and grab a drink all of us at some point。

 like in the near you know， next 10 minutes or so。Would you be massively opposed to that or would you be like？

Sounds like fun， this guy's amazing。Yeah。I like this girl， she's aventurous， although actually。

Is she trouble， should I should I， you know her world。

 should I run away right now am I getting in over my head？She's great。Yeah。

 you weren' you weren friends initially because you were like cool， but now。Really。系见了。

I like the collective awesomeness。All right， in that case。

 I'll join him for a second let me see what my friend's up to and see if he's actually like he're supposed to meet me later。

 but let me see if he can come out like a little sooner and。

Were you like just people watching and e No I came off the yesterday I saw you guys and I was like。

 they look like fun why not？You know， whatever。I hope you aren't， you know。

Hope you don't mind my presumptuousness of thinking that you like cute and fun and I wanted to say hi。

Oh girl， I know I'm fine。That makes sense， oh wait， let let's walk it down there shall we？

I know I don't want to walk， but it's only that far can we get an airplane as ever you said？

There is an escalator， the ups and downs you can handle by escalator， but you might have to walk。

Something like 150 yards， it is less far than the walk to Mandalay beta。

So I'm actually saving you off as far as that goes。I'm making your life easier。

And more' fun at the same time。Don't be a troublemaker come here I will make your life easier and harder all at once Sure easier because it'll be fun and luxurious。

 harder because you're gonna， you know， just don't get attached Okay okay， all right， say oh no。Oh。

 live longer， live happier， that sort of thing。I'm not going to get all preachy and life coaching on you I guess I've never really thought of it that way。

 it's more of like feel good now。I don't to feel good now， I don't want to。啊。在呢。口红。

Would you like to join me for a little bit or and or？Where are you going？

I haven't filed yesterday idea yet。I am extremely lost。

 I was looking for a place where I can get tea， coffee or smoothie。In the near visited。いいくねるし。

There's like。Think there's。Actually， I'm very controversial and debatable。

So I start off charming and then I become controversial andflat it's my nature。Very interesting。

 so how long is your break？45 minutes。Oh hell okay。

 because I was thinking I have to eat and I was thinking I hadd grab a bite with someone cute and amazing。

 but I didn't want to， you know， if I was a five minute break I didn't want to impose I'm going to Chipot where you want to come。

Okay， I'll do your report with you。 cool Sounds good。😊，Why yet to be so cute？

If we could just be unattractive， I could just leave right now， I just be like， I'm sorry。I'm。

 I'm sure you're so sorry。 So notice I'm doing a few things the same in all those examples。

 First is I'm selling where we're going as a cool， fun place。

 Next is I'm selling that it's not a big risk。 Nothing bad is going happen to them。

 they can leave whenever they want。 It's not a huge obligation。

 And the last is that it's not a big deal。 It's not something with heavy meaning。

 It's not like we're gonna have sex if they come with me or they're gonna be my girlfriend because they came with me Anything like that。

 All right， It's just about having a good time getting to know each other， It's fun， it's casual。

 It's light。 when you want to go for the venue change that's super critical。

 And the reason why the venue change is so important。 As I've mentioned before。

 is that as soon as you do the venue change。 As soon as you move from that place you met them。

 it's no longer cold approach。 Now it's two people who like each other and are getting to know each other。

 that's a much better frame to have。 That's why it's so critical that you just ask and do those instant dates every single time you can。

😊。