# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：6. 如何接吻：2 秘密的接吻公式【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Alright， so now that we've talked about kissing in general terms， let's get more specific。

 What I want to address here are a few things。 number one， how do you know she's ready to be kissed？

 number two， what are some techniques for going for the kiss。

 especially if it doesn't seem to be happening naturally or you're not super experienced with kissing girls。

 And then lastly， what are some cases when it's a better idea actually not to kiss the girl。

 All right， so that'll be kind of the overview of what I'm going to talk about in this section。First。

 how do you know the girl is ready for the kiss。 Well， first of all。

 the interaction obviously should be generally positive and it generally should have escalated towards sex in some way。

 shape or form。 Usually， you're not gonna kiss a girl out of a totally platonic interaction。

 Usually there's some level of verbal content escalation and some level of like intimacy in terms of the conversation。

 right， So it's not like you'd be like， so about that weather。 So about those sports teams right。

 it's unlikely that it's gonna to occur that way。 So you want to have that that buildup。

 But there are two specific things that that you can do or have happen that are really like like neon lights flashing and say。

 kiss me， kiss me， kiss me。The first is， if there is a a pregnant， sexually tense pause。 Okay。

 for example， say you're talking， you're talking， you reach the end of a conversational topic。

 and then you're both kind of like in silence， like。Kind of staring at each other。

 wondering what to say， wondering what's gonna to happen。 And， and there is this like feeling。

 this like like heaviness of sexual tension。 that's a pretty good moment to go ahead and kiss the girl。

 All right， so when that moment occurs when you have that pregnant pause in a conversation。 Again。

 there's been something more than plalutonic already。 There's been， you know。

 a little bit of of verbal intimacy， maybe you've like had talked about some sexual topics。

 that kind of stuff。 that always helps。 But that tense pregnant pause is a very。

 very good time for the kiss。The second one that's pretty good， which is is similar in a way。

 but a little different， is when the girl seems particularly flustered。 For example。

 if you say some kind of something to her like you tease her。

 and she starts like like blushing and giggling and doesn't quite know how to respond。

 and she seems kind of at a loss for words that's a really good time。

 Okay or if she starts talking and she like halfway through forgets what she has like wants to say and is kind of embarrassed by it。

 And again， is like a bit flustered， that's a really good time。

 because that flusteredness is a sign that she's highly reactive to you in that moment。

 and a sign that her logical mind is kind of disengaged。

 those are two very good criteria for the kiss， which is a very， very emotional thing。 Okay。

 so those are the type of moments you want to look for as ideal。

 optimal moments to go ahead and kiss the girl。 And actually， a lot of times during these moments。

 the girl will get a particularly look in her face and on on her eyes in her face。

 which is sort of like eyes unfocus， jaw relaxed， kind。A little bit of a dazed look。

 And I joke around sometimes when I show show videos of kisses that it's like I forget if it was like street fighterighter andmortal combat。

 But like the video game where they have like the dizzy girls like finish her its like that's the moment when she's ready to be kissed。

 So be aware of that moment， be aware of those situations because those are the times when kissing is very critical another actually really good one is and this is really the same thing but its a special occasion or special occurrence the same thing is if you pull a girl towards you a lot of times you'll find that she'll go silent while being pulled towards you or she'll look a little flustered or get that sort of like kiss me look when you pull her in towards。

 So that was kind go to for a long time on date I do sit down part of the date。

 walk with her and I'd pull hey come here and as I pull her towards me a lot of times she'd get that and then I just go for the kiss So that's one way that you can kind manufacture those situations fairly reliably as well。

😊，Okay， so let's talk about specific techniques and ways that you can go for the kiss。 Now。

 obviously， I talked about trial clothess。 I talked about， you know， the right moments。

 that kind of stuff。 So the best kiss has happen organically。

 the best kisses just sort of happened either， you know。

 during that pregnant pause or maybe you're talking， she gets flustered， then you go for it。

 She's talking， she gets flustered， you go for it， etc ceter。 However。

 if you are not as experience with kissing， you're missing your windows or it doesn't seem to be happening that naturally。

 Here are some techniques that you can use to make sure that the kiss happens。

First one is a very old school pickup technique。And this is called triangular gazing。 Basically。

 what you're gonna do is you're gonna gaze back and forth between her eyes and her lips and her eyes and her lips and her eyes and her lips。

 It's called triangular。 because I guess you're they're supposed to go eye lip eye lip。

 But that doesn't really matter。 The point is， go from eyes to lips。 And you want to do slowly。

 essentially， it should be not super obvious。 but it should be obvious enough that she kind of gets that vibe。

 again， along with this， you want to have that face shift vibe of like putting yourself in essential relaxed mood。

 you want to， as you look at her lips， be thinking about the kiss。 you're looking at her eyes。

 looking at her lips， Think about the kiss。 eyes， lips， thinking about the kiss。

 And she'll usually follow that vibe。 If she doesn't seem negative to it。

 or if she seems to to be reacting well to it， what you would do is you'd start to gradually lean in as you're doing it。

 And if you lean in far enough and she doesn't do anything negative。 You just go ahead and kiss her。

 So that's triangular gazing very， very powerful kissing technique。

 The next technique for going for the kiss is really another version of the trial closes that we talked about。

But it's a more overt version。 And that is the eskimo kiss。

 So what you do there is you ask the girl do you know what Eskimo kiss is。 and then you say。

 yeah it's just know the nose is， etc。 So the idea is that it's something similar to a kiss and it's something that when you start doing it。

 she kind of knows that kissing is on your minds， but it is more subtle and less risky and risky then an actual kiss would be。

 And obviously if the girl goes nose to nose does eskimo kiss then that's a pretty good indication that she's willing to kiss you and you could even just lean in and kiss right there usually what I'll do though is just use as an indicator。

 pull back chill out and then know that I can go for the kiss whenever I want to later。

 Another similar thing you can do actually to the eskimo kiss is if you pull a girl over towards you and you just like put your head down So this's obviously when you put your head down that you're not gonna kiss her and you just go forehead to forehead with her and then you can gradually lean forward until your nose touches her nose that's very similar as well to the eskimo kiss and then you can either obviously from there go for the kiss or you can back away。

Knowing full well that you could have kissed。 And she knows it as well。 So from there。

 the kiss is a pretty easy thing to do。 The next technique we're going for the kiss is really for a specific circumstance。

 And that is a circumstance where the girl doesn't want to be at fault。

 So we talked earlier about how girls want sex， but they don't want to appear sluty。

 Sometimes it'll go a step further。 And it will be to the point where not only does the girl not want to make a move because she doesn't want to feel sluty。

 She doesn't want to be at fault in any way shape or form。 Okay， so in that particular case。

 what you can do is what we call the eyes closed kiss， which is basically you say， hey， you know。

 close your eyes， I want to tell you something or close your eyes I want to show you something。

 And then once they close her eyes， you go ahead and kiss them while their eyes are closed。 Now。

 again， I mean， theoretically， if the girl was gullible enough。

 you could do this right off the open and be like， hey what's， want to talk to you， Hey。

 close your eyes。 I want to show you something and kiss her。 You could do that there。

 A lot of girls wouldn't close her eyes they wouldn't trust you enough。

 And the fact of the matter is that would be kind of a silly kiss because again。

 remember what's the purpose of the kiss。 The purpose of the kiss is to communicate something to the girl。

 communicate like a vibe。A relationship， that kind of stuff。 So in that sort of case。

 it would be pure gimmick the time when you really do want to use the eyes closed kiss is when again you can tell she likes you。

 but she seems nervous or hesitant about the kiss for a reason you can't quite identify when that's the case or when she seems like you know just like she'll do all the other touch stuff fine and even maybe stuff that's more intimate than a kiss like she'll let you pull her hair she'll you bite her neck but she just won't let you kiss her then you could do the eyes close kiss and that might be a technique that could work although we're gonna to talk in a second about when not to kiss and there's a chance that sometimes when you might use the eyes closed kiss。

 you might even be better off， not kissing， keeping the sexual attention and doing something else we'll get to that in a minute。

The final technique that I want to talk about as far as going for the kiss is what I like to call the gangster。

 And the gangster is basically just being extremely balsy about the build up to the kiss so much so that the build up is so blatant and awkward。

 it would be more awkward not to kiss her than it is to kiss her。

 So an example of how I used to do this。 is say I was on a date with a girl。 I have a drink。

 She has a drink。 I would just go like， go quiet。😊。

And then I would set my drink down and stand up from the table。

 And I gradually walk slowly around the table while maintaining eye contact， Re over， Take her drink。

 Set it down。Reach over， lean in and kiss her。Now， by the time I've set my drink down and stood up and I'm keeping eye contact。

 The girl pretty much knows。 I'm about to probably try and kiss her。 I'm about to do something。

 at that moment， though。 I've already committed。 I've already committed to the move so much so that it would be super awkward for me to sit down and stop right to sit down and go back So at that moment。

 it's like I have no choice but to follow through。 And so a lot of times if you have emotional issues about kissing or you're scared to try for it just doing the gangster can help because you can just make yourself take the steps。

 And then once you get to the middle， you can tell yourself， oh， I can always quit if I want to。

 But by the time you're there， you're not gonna quit。 You're gonna fall through it。

 It's kind of similar to when we talked about how to always have something to say to putting the gun to your head idea where you just start the sentence and you trust that you're gonna finish it。

 you start the move。 and you trust that you have to finish it。 And that's the beauty of the gangster。

 The other beauty of the gangster is because it's so balsy and so blatant when it comes off。

 you feel like feel like and look like in the girl's eyes like fucking James Bond。

 Like you seem so cool， so assertive so suave， It's just a really， really passionate into。

A way to go for the kiss and it really does work phenomenally well， so try it out。Allright。

 so lastly in the section， I want to talk about when you might not want to go for the kiss。

 and there are a few times when that's the case。 First of all。

 if the girl has a lot of like friends around her， you probably don't want to go for the kiss。

 because the friends will likely judge her。 And also even if the friends don't judge her per se。

 they may be less willing to let her be alone with you at any point。

 if you've kissed her blatant in front of them then if you haven't。 Okay， see for the girl herself。

 you want her to view you as the sexual alpha， like like just dominant， aggressive。

 assertive caveman guy that will like give her the best sex of her life。

 That's how you would like her to view you。 But you want the friends to view you as the cool。

 Sa platonic guy that they can leave the friend with and she won't have sex because that way。

 they're more likely to allow it。 so you're kind of conveying two different things。

 and kissing very blatantly destroys the image you're trying to convey to the friends。

 So if they're friends around， you might want to avoid kissing in that particular circumstance。

 Second one is in especially in De。In highly public circumstances where it might be very embarrassing for the girl。

 it might draw a lot of attention to her that might particularly make her feel sluty so you might want to wait on the kiss until you're in a more private setting or in a setting where it will seem more normal and natural i。

e。 maybe taking the girl on an instant date and kissing on the instant date rather than kissing right in the moment where you are in the place where you matter。

 especially if it's a highly public place， so that's another reason why not。

Third reason why you might not want to kiss is if there are certain girls that it's just not in their blueprints。

 they just don't really respond to kissing so much， or even they're resistant to kissing。

 but not other things。 I've had many girls and by many， I mean。

 probably like you know one or two dozen， not like many， many， many。

 but enough that I've had sex with without actually even kissing them。 And in fact。

 they'd give me resistance to the kiss， some of them even after sex wouldn't kiss me。

 but they were totally fine having sex。 and that's just a blueprint thing that's just some girls。

 theing is not part of the blueprint， even had girls expressly tell me they're not into kissing。

 and that's totally fine if that's the case。 in particular。

 if the girl is in some kind of a relationship a lot of times kissing won't be the right move because again。

 they'll have sex with you because it doesn't feel intimate， it just happened， but if they kiss you。

 somehow it feels intimate and it feels like cheating。

 So if you happen to know that a girl has a boyfriends。

 but she's still responding positive positively in other ways。

 then what you might want to do is just chill out on the。Ksing， do everything else。

 escalate the venues， escalate back to a place where sex can happen and then just go ahead and have sex without kissing。

 And a good move instead of the kiss is just kiss or bite the neck。 It's equally arousing。

 it conveys a lot of the same things but it doesn't require her to participate So in that particular case。

 it's very likely that you'll do better off not kissing。 And in fact。

 a lot of the girls that had sexual be withouting it's quite possible that they did have boyfriends they just didn't tell me so that might have been part of the reason in some of those cases。

 so those are reasons why you might not want to kiss。

 The last reason why you might not want to kiss or you might want to not want to kiss too much is if you feel like kissing will destroy the sexual tension if you feel like it's gonna to make things too obvious or it's going make make it too much of like a boring thing where all you're doing is kiss。

 you may want to either pull away or you may want to show the girl that you're capable of kissing or show the girl you could kiss or and then pull away and then show wonder why not and probably kiss you all the more for it So sometimes not kissing can be better than kissing in order to build。

Sexual attention。 So be aware of that。 However， if you're not comfortable kissing yet。

 I wouldn't recommend any that until you become very comfortable kissing， plan on kissing every girl。

 Once you're very comfortable kissing。 it's no big deal。

 that's when you can start these nuanced things of having sex with girls without kissing them or waiting a long time to kiss to maintain the sexual attention。

 All right， So that's kind of an advanced move。 But it is an important thing to note。

 And it will give a dramatic increase to your results once you get to that advanced level。

