# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#3【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Alright， let's this is kind of just a fun one。Not like the absolute hottest girls。

 although they are still cute。 but this is the one that I wined with a student。 and I went in。

 and I actually， I was wing with a student。 and actually had my。

 my girlfriend with me at the time as well。 So I， I legitimately cared 0 about the outcome of this。

 Like is just whatever。 And so you see me just kind of fucking around。

 But it's interesting how just fucking around actually is very， very effective。

 And get really good reactions when I am just loose and just like saying whatever the hell I want to So it's kind of a fun interaction。

 Let's have a look。😊，oh sorry I to introduce myself by stepping on your foot。

 how do you feel about that I like to impose myself on the interaction very quickly you know。

 you got to make the mark。I like that。 I like the general witticism and feistiness of this a little small entourage we have still the middle know were stopping like a of a this one willt be good come gonnactua this shit There right now Everyone find a Yeah I take immediate charge of the set walk And even though it his set for 10 minutes。

 he's just gone And I mean， like that's not necessarily like a good thing because he's a student。

 But I mean， he' he's gonna watch the set。 But notice just how much being assertive matters notice that when you do have a strong energy when you have a strong presence when you're dominant all the attention immediately goes on you and that's how it should be when you open when you open。

 they should know you I like to equate it to like there's bowling pins and you're the bowling bowling ball and everything just like。

😊，Blasted all the bits as soon as you get there。 Allright， you don't want to go into the set subtly。

 So I， I went in there like， oh， sorry， I stepped on your foot。 How do you feel about that？

 And then I'm like， let's fun shue this。 And I start moving them around Im like。

 you need to stand more this way。It's just obnoxious， but it makes me the center of attention。

 It makes me the one dictating events。Everyone find a door you can't be sitting down and they're back to the door because what if someone comes in behind you means unless you've got a mirror。

 But that's also if you have a mirror is bad， we need to say it to this place。

You guys know way too much about this， you really do I'm a little concerned actually I'm sorry he was just trying to make a joke and took a。

Right I think I think in general， with all of us， let' let's not take things too far let's take things very slow。

 and Im， I'm very shy。 So I'm nice to So let's take things very slow bit。

 That's sexual misinterpretation， very， very， very useful tool。

 right You can take almost anything and misinterpret it actually。😊。

There's actually a whole drill just about that。 But you want to take take things and misinterpret them sexually because it makes the conversation into a mandawo conversation very reliably。

 very predictably， very repeatably。 But it seems not try hard。

 It seems like it just happened by accident。 And if anything。

 you're like blaming them for it happening because it was the thing they said right Also。

 it's great for buyer seller frame because when you misinterpret as them liking you。

 the frame is they're chasing you right， And so now they have two options。

 One is to accept that frame， in which case they are chasing you。

 Or if they try and fight that frame。 now they're like very reactive and they they care about your approval。

 They care about your response to them and that's a positive thing as well Tod's your duty Todd pleasure。

😊，Nice to meet you guys。 guys are cool You guys are fun so far you don't really know。I mean。

't I don't want to make gross generalizations that might later be proven false like the full like like thought out version of that is thus far based on the extremely limited interaction I've had with you and my general perception based on inherent stereotas on your attire and carriage you seem like you potentially could be relatively cooler than the average chicksow。

😀like that that's like when， when it's coming from the right frame。

 you can ramble and say whatever the fuck And anything that comes from that frame is， is super funny。

 I also like to do that sometimes especially funny。

 So something I haven't done in my game as much lately。 It's a really good move。

 which is I go like hyper intellectual and just like just like smacking them the face with the idea that I'm smarter than them。

 like I am fucking smarter than you deal with it。 it's a good fun way to convey。

 And I enjoy doing it。 So like that。😊，I like this one。

And I really look like great like cool he said look。I mean。

 from the general perception of the pursuit。Something， Go it cool liked it Like what I heardt。

 so obviously to eat that in a second。 But what's your plan for right So obviously。

 if she's there getting flustered and reacting that way， I know they like us。

 right or like me or whatever。 So at this point， I'm gonna start trying to move towards a close。

 figure out logistics， figure out how things can go etc etc。 As soon as the girls like you。

 you need to start to close So， so， so， so， so important。

 if you're if the girls like you and you're just like wasting time lingering in the set， just moving。

 I guess like horizontally and not not moving getting deeper into the set。

 not only as a waste of time and and wasting time matters Because the more time you waste。

 the more likely something will go against you。 the more likely they'll get a phone call that's important or their friend will show up or something like that。

 So wasting time in and of itself is a problem。😊，But worse yet， the set never stays the same。

 If it's not getting better， it's getting worse， right， It's getting stagnant， It's getting boring。

 et cetera。 So you need to start moving things forward when the opportunity arises。

 what's your plan for the next， you know， hour or so。

We're planning on going to be garden in these village。

We went there last night actually sudden didn't like actually we didn't go to be away to Ph the street he would liked to be more actually but I was like forget him we were at Phoebes and that's where we so good time or whatever we had a whole bunch of people there so would have been weird for me to ditch out on my friends I don't do thatt I've never made a decision with myself in life I' what you were calling。

That's going to be really odd walking because you have a height difference so I think you guys are going to walk with a collective like four legged limb you didn't see the four inch lip like the shoes I have like in my backpack。

I've got to get like I feel like should warm， this is like I know that's why I don't understand I only got warm food。

You need to share。M that would be disgusting utterly and totally disgusting No no not not yours or hers individually but the combination would be pretty disgusting actually I don't know why you decided yours is like cold and squishy and hers is like warm and likey so it's like kind of weird heart but what sounded better squishy was the cold。

Well I mean that's like us like he's warm and hardy I'm pretty cold and squishy so you know。

 it is what it is this is how it is I' I'm the evil friend I'm the evil one Well it's not so much evil as sha but anyway。

Wow， you are really。 I love doing that kind of stuff。 calling myself an asshole， calling myself Vi。

 calling myself Douchy。 What I'm doing essentially there is I'm putting myself out of the boyfriend frame。

 I'm putting myself in the player frame in the fun guy to hook up with frame， that kind of stuff。

 And that's what's more likely to attract the girls quickly。

 So I' like I'm not so much evil as douchy， right， that kind of stuff。

 I'm also just saying whatever comes to my mind。 right， You， you're cold and I'm cold and squishy。

 Like， does that even mean， right。😊，But it's， it's clear that I don't care。

 It's clear that I'm just gonna say whatever I feel like。 And that in and of itself is value anyway。

Wow， you are really setting the far high over here'm not even worried about that I'm just entertaining myself at cool either way。

In Whole foods， what else can you do really Ba eat， eat or entertain yourself。

 you can either be vegan。You can just talk to random stranger I get meet here Is that a problem is that bad that I get absolutely I'm sorry it was really nice meeting you guys this is not going work out I want you to know it's not you it's me I think you guys are still like wonderful people I don't have any like inherent deep problems with you it's just that like for me but you know I'm sure you guys is doing great guys La single friends you know。

All right， all right。Thank you， thank you。I'm she is actually not a vegan actually not a Yeah I think the fact that she isoctopus in the box sounds a very strong I just don't know why you have You gotta1 girls have octopus in the box Anyway I'm sorry I'm sorry that's just I couldn't not say that I'm sorry。

It a question I want to ask you is， how memorable is this conversation for these girls。Highly。

 highly memorable， right， Do you think they're gonna remember us。 Yes， right。

 That's what you're going for。 You're not going for。 Oh， you know。

 she tolerated my presence and thought I was polite you're going for。 She will fucking remember this。

 right， And ideally remember it positively。 But at the very least， she'll remember it。And。

 and that's what happens when you tell a girl， she has an octopus in her box。 She remembers you。Yes。

 it was guys you guys actually legitimate are fun though， So okay， how do you guys know each other。

 I'm sure he knows all this， but I'm behind the time you guys still don't seem like you're far that far from childhood so you sit I know's I don like I don't like。

That's the cousin ofs worst。It's easier to say that because we together So you you know that and I start pushing you again right Im really sorry back you' like' even walk this。

I'm taking your Indian food， thanks。likeAnd then what happened here。

 I think it's kind of hard to tell it was， I think maybe more obvious if I was actually there and consensus sense the vibe。

 I think they like intentionally switched for us。 they just like decided who liked to me and like switched over and they'll do that sometimes but I don't mind because I think she's better looking anyway。

 So like guys seem like have a good vibe should hang out And then， of course。

 I'm closing for the suit。 normally I close for myself。

 But obviously it's a boot camp so I'm trying to get like close you guys should all hang out。

 get him to close， etc ce。 And get I got him to follow up with the number。 And in fact， these girls。

😊，Either did meet up with us briefly or were like texting all night to meet up。

 I don't remember which it was。 We didn't end up like spending like much of the night with them。

 but they were definitely like a prospect during the， during the rest of that night of the boot camp。

We're going to be Bar we're going to we'll probably be we'll probably be an LES I'm not sure we're thinking like like for start like beauty and Essex and then we might go over to Be Bar。

 maybe we' were there that area last night or we might go over to meet back then not really yeah but I'll figure it out one way or another we can exchange laps and you guys you can make fun of me and I can。

Introduce everybody is you go with the octopus in our box。It be good。

I won't say that in mixed company， I promise。That's you're going to remember that too。

 best seriously going on like Facebook or something。

' going're going to take a picture picture and were like we're going to tag it。

 we don't even tag your name like the girl with the  Otopus center box。O this box。I was like。

 nobody heard， I promise nobody heard me said。buddy heard me say she doesn everyone earss glue。😀Yeah。

😊，You guys are we good one seriously we better all hang out because you guys make the night more or apparently the ideal late afternoon more enjoyable The five to six ish time period pretty cool we come out only during the time of day once a day's like maybe if you're in the Indian sectionre like happy our vampires of Indian food were vegan so perfect vampire that's vegan Indian food。

I don't like Do you read this I I was reading the signs Yeah no it's all vegan this you like do you do like improvisational comedy or acting or something like ever you're very right all over the place Yeah no it's more just like how I do。

There we go。So now up to now， even just like clowning on them。 And I'm still kind of clowning on her。

 But at least now it's like more get to know you clowning。 if that makes sense， right。

 there is more of a， I'm intrigued by you， more of I， I'm curious about the fact of your life。

 that kind of stuff。 So I'm developing at least a little bit of a connection。

 But it's not super important for me， actually， because he already talked to them for like 5 or 10 minutes before I went over。

 And he has some of that。 And also， he's the one who exchange numbers with them。

 So in a certain sense， it's like the girl needs value and comfort， right。

 in order to sleep with a guy。 So value。😊，Comfort， right。

So between the two of us that they're getting both。

You grow up with Irish folk and you're like taking shots of whiskey by the time you're like seven like you have a cold here definitely so you kind of just get used to like acting like drunk people who get your cold drunk。

But I don't get wasted， it'll get rid of that sinus infection you're like sitting there at seven like okay。

Yeah， then you can just down snos because you think it's water。

Positive absolutely cool I don't know what time is， but don't I't want to watch as I was like 10。

 So I don't know why I would check that。 but was like that's the universal symbol for checking the time actually I had had a very。

 very cheesy fake watch once for like a year than a real watch where it was a fake of a brand that it wasn't kept talking wasn really I was a real watch。

 but it was a fake status symbol problem was I wore when I was living in Vegas And there's a certain class of women in Vegas that really respond to a certain type of fake wash it was not good because normally very blatant。

 but they tried to be all subtle thought real ball and they to be all subtle And so then like like waste time。

 like half an hour later like by the way， I should tell you you fucking serious like really。

Can you not you not like could you have just told me this like half an hour ago second I met you that would have been good put everything out on the table cards out or in Vegas come on honesty policy exactly kind ofow。

 I know there there are things to be honest about things you have to know you have to know the right categories to where to be honest where lies。

 It's important skill in life one to。Right， so now we're still like bantering， so to speak。

 but I'm not just completely cloudowning her the entire way。

 You want to actually at some point treat the girl like a human being。 That's。

 that's a useful thing right because again， if if it's just like teasing， teasing。

 teasing teasing And she looks back on the interaction later。

 and she justifies like why she gave me like， well， he came over and made fun of me a lot。

 So I gave him my number it's hard for her to justify that。 But if it' you know。

 he was really fun and cool。 And also he did this cool thing or also we talked about this and we shared a connection on whatever once you have that that sort of fundamental basis for why you like each other and you have a little bit more logic to it。

 then obviously it's much better。 So you want to create that Julian calls it the moment of realness。

 I would suggest that it be more than just a moment。 But you， you want。

 do want to get real with the girl at some point。😊，She's so confused right now。

 I think like she just got talked at in like three different directions at once。

 just got overtulated her mouth just reached and eating her's ridiculous not was the like610 or11d wasd no seriously。

😊，I think you could walk with two one and the other even。meet us there at like 1011 if you hate it。

 go to the other bush you're going to go to anyway， cool perfect awesome。And so。Decent set， building。

 building the set for the student， etc ce。 interesting phenomenon。

 I kind of was joking when I called myself valueal in him comfort， Not really， though。

 but it's interesting phenomenon that is called transferive buying temperature。

 which is whatever they're feeling， if they're talking to someone while feeling that emotion。

 they will associate that feeling with that person。 even if that's not the person responsible。

 So he opened the set。 He's grandfathered in。 everything that happens in that interaction gets kind of anchored onto him in a certain way。

 So if I go in and build a lot of value and then just leave I've left him with that value。

 And it's actually an interesting thing you can do as a wingman。😊，It's also interesting。

In the sense that if you see a girl getting hit on by another guy well。 And then for whatever reason。

 it fizzles or doesn't go well， then you can always like go， go pick it up and that kind of stuff。

 So it's an interesting phenomenon。 Yeah， but it works。 It works between wings most importantly And。

 in， in the case of day game， right， is you know， if if you do well， your wing is doing well。

 If your wing is doing well， you're doing well。 So just ride the momentum they're creating。

なに the same。Ibraing chaos like。Yeah。Yep， yep， yep， I'll take。

 I'll take quick questions on a three of those just a few quick ones。 Oh。

 yeah on topic being a good wing if maybe he's moving。It's not dating。

 It or dating It doesn't matter。 It brings her to you to。Introduce you。

 And so when he introduce you to the friend， how can I proactively be like boost his value kind of like quickly and then almost like take off。

Okay， so what you typically would want to do in that case is。Well， there's a few。

 it depends how well his set is going。 If his set is going really well。 and。

 you can tell the girl already likes him。 then in that case。

 just be chill and normal and then just within the set， complement him。

 So just like normal normal introduction or whatever。

 or you could even like tease her or whatever be like， look。

 I don't know if I don't if you can handle this guy。 You know。

 I have to warn you a bit of a ashole anything like that that builds a bit of value is is somewhat useful。

 or you could even go the other way。 like kind of call him a player oh my God。

 what have you brought me now， something like that。 So those are all kind of fun ways to do it。😊。

Or if you can tell they really like each other there's already comfort there。 You'd be like， wow。

 I I have to meet youca this guy's like extremely choosy。 He never。

 he like literally rarely talks to girl for more than 10 minutes getting bored。

 So if you guys have been talking， that's like you must you must be。 Who are you。

 And so that way you'd be bringing up like the comfort level of the set。 And also at the same time。

 making your friend look cool and selective。 So you wna kind of assess at a glance。

 does he need more value or more comfort and then just kind of give him the one he needs Yeah。

 So could you out。😊，But in the first two， like the second video， I can just see normal compliance。

 and the first one。I'm not sure I see that she's interesting。 but I don't see the chasing exactly。

 Could you print it up it'd be hard without going through the whole thing again。

 the second one in the mall， I would say that there really wasn't a lot of chasing。

 It was like she acknowledged me as a cool guy。 And like someone on her level with some commonality。

 but that was not like a set where she was chasing hard by any means I would I would have liked to have run a better set。

 But the circumstance just bad it was a case of do the best you can within that circumstance。

 So I would say it wasn't wasn't a set with a ton of chasing。

 but it's a set where I did well enough and got a contact that like things can follow from that essentially like three strategies for day game1 is get quick numbers and follow up well on the phone and you're gonna get flakes。

 but you get a lot of numbers you make solid numbers spend some time date or run longer sets and get to know them and get them to chase。

 and then your numbers are more solid， but you get fewer it takes more time And then third is just instant date or take them somewhere right then in there。

 So any of those are valid。 But yeah。😊，a number like that。

 because she wasn't chasing super hardt is more likely to be a flake than a number where circumstances were more favorable and you're able to spend more time。

 but it's still like。Kind of the best you can do in that circumstance。

I'm trying to remember which was the first 1 I showed you。 I'm trying to find it。Oh， in front of。

 in front of the best way， that's right'cause it's not in this folder。 That's why I can't find it。

 That one was she was， she was complimenting。So she wasn't like， oh my God。

 I have to have you or whatever。 But she gave me various compliments。 So that would be。

 that's like sort of the compliance and letting me know that she's in me and that kind of stuff so。

To be fair， what I could have done with those， if I wanted to is like pretended to walk away or been like。

 were， we're done。 if I'd pushed her away a bit， then I think she would have overtly chasingten that might have even been a good move。

 But the way I knew that she liked me was because she was giving me lots of compliments。

 but So I think like that indicates the interest。 But not exactly。さそ案。

It is think try Try not to be like so attached to the word chasing so muchca chasing is obviously good。

 but also think compliance。Think did she go out of her way to make this positive。

 Did she go out of her way and show she likes it， etc cetera。

 becauseuse most girls want sex to just happen。 So anything they do that's overtly showing interest or overtly making a move is also a big deal。

So yeah， chasing obviously is huge， but it's not the only thing there are some girls that just won't chase and theyll just be complianceli as well。

Yeah。quickly setting out the buyer frame and give some example。😔。

I'll do that as I break down other sets。 But yeah， I， I'll talk about that a ton today。

 I'll talk about that a ton。 Last one real。go or the from the middle or go from the side。Typically。

 I'll go from the middle because I want to open both。 if I'm gonna tap all。

 I'll usually tap both because I don't want to like have the one turn and and get another one keeps walking。

 And then its， it becomes very awkward。 and also。Generally， with any kind of group。

 you want to engage the whole group。 So so that's， that's usually my best。

 I might sometimes go to the side， Though。 if I'm just gonna walk with them。

 So if I'm not gonna try and stop， I might walk beside them。It can， but right， yeah， it can。

 but that works out。 I'm actually I'll show you another one where the exact same thing happens。

' just to show you that it's not a big deal if that happens。 But know that even though I'm。

 even though I'， I'm showing you now two sets where I do tap them on the shoulders and they get frightened。

 The reason I show you those is because they're like fun and interesting。

 not because that's what usually happens。 Most of the time。

 what usually happens when it's happen both is days just like， oh， hey。

 what's up and they turn And it's totally normal。 But I'll show you one more where where they do get。

 get a little bit frightened right from the start。😊。

