# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#11【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Let's look at。A couple that are， a couple sets that are back to back to back。 Its actually。

 is's actually a set where I do 5， a day where I do  five sets back to back。

 This girl has a boyfriend。There's a second one。If we go to it。I think。Is it after this one？Okay。

 yeah。 So it's， I guess it's not back to back to back。 I as  five sets。

 I get numbers out of three of them。This girl is one of the girls。

 I'm super depressed that you never see her face。 super cute。But we'll look at it first。

 and then we'll look at a couple of interesting ones as well。This 1 I may clip through，ca I。

 this is an uncut set。 So if it gets to a boring point。

 I may just skip ahead a little bit because I don't wanna like make you watch a bunch of boring stuff。

helello。Oh， it's such a friendly hello， I like it I was good to how you guys。I like it。

 I hope you're not too trying。 Yeah， I was going to tell you guys add a little like touch of class to this place。

 but。😊，Trying all kinds of things。 I am fat who you。咩是咩啊妞儿。P I wont give you a left hand to shake。

I'm left handed， I totally。Yeah， 소리 here。嗯。Yeah， I'm going to meet some friends in a little bit but。

I thought I'd meet some new friends for half a second。

That why everyoneWhat are you guys up to right this exact second shopping one another How do you guys feel about grabbing。

Qu drink with Q fun boys for like。You know， not too long we don't have that long actually。

 we have to go work're going to head over to a house party， are you really。So there again。

 notice as soon as there's an interest， as soon as there's any positive I'm already thinking about plans。

Cute like quick drinks with cute fun boys， et cetera， et cetera。 It's that。 I don't know。

 You're already breaking my heart。 I'm sorry。 You know， that's just what I do。

If you got your hair of your face right now so I can take you seriously when you say that。

I like look over and I expectinging them serious like I'm going to put all the hair in my face。Yeah。

I said， all right， well， house far you sure， what are you doing？Later this evening。

Do you shouldn be driving later this evening？You should take a。Come party it up with us。I'm thinking。

 like， maybe。咁佢长。That kind of area。I do that might do that you know what。

 I don't know you that well yet to be fair I mean， I like I like I like the feiness on this but I don't really know let's be fair。

 could you。rightWell， we'll keep our interactions to weld up public places for the moment。

 Is that acceptable know that's acceptable I she I she going steal my kidney and possibly my heart。

 So here I'm flirting with this girl， But I'm gonna keep this girl involved in the flirt through her。

 Is she gonna steal my kidney and possibly in my heart， Is she okay， Is she trouble。

 Should I be worried。 All those kind of things that engages the friend。

 but is still about the one you're interested。 because if she gets too bored。

 this is gonna be a problem。Yeah。Which one first。Kid me more painful， but I don't know。

 you go through pain and then I。What is your story。

 you're intriguing me now At first I just like messing around but you actually you're giving intriguing。

My brain works really fast。So Im not not not arrogant at all。

 but I appreciate it it's good how do you soon each other？We ridewise or others。Really， yeah。

That's very coolarl。Finess。I guess so I grew up riding horses。

 but it was more like mountain western Colorado， like up in the whatever。Interesting， I like it。

 all right， let's do this。We'll do， hopefully you guys will have an amazing house party。

And even though what we'll be doing we will be more amazing， you won't realize it。

 but can't say that it will be。Yeah。So arrogant this one。You have a reason to be。All right。

 pearls in class and horses and arrogance。Let's do。Let's do numbers。

 I'll text you what's going on and then we'll figure it out when there's。

I've never seen this school deadline。I could have told you that one already Okay。

 really oh my goodness， are you safe will you like chaperone and make sure she doesn't。Yeah yeah。

 she always， she saved my life half the time。So just keeping keeping the friend engaged。

 keeping involved， etc ceter。 This one， because of logistics。

 because they're headed to some more specific plans。 They're headed to a house party。

 And there's two of them And one of me， it gonna be very hard for me to like bring a bigger party for both of them than that。

 I mean， sort of like soliciting the instant threesome。 You know， I mean， likes's。

 there's not a lot there。 If its hurt by yourself， I can be like blow blow off the house party for me。

 But with the friend， it's very， very tough。 So numbers probably the best I'm realistically gonna get here。

 So I'm just trying to make it as solid as I can。😊，Why do you get that。Okay。

Did I even tell you guys my name？I'm Todd， nice to meet you， Todd， nice to meet you。All right。

 what is the number？Cool， there you go， I will text my name in a second。 All right。

 enjoy your house party don't kill don't kill anybody before me I want to at least have like the opportunity to dodge a murder if you get locked up beforehand。

 we won't have any fun right All right Ill thank you let。

