# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：2. 如何成为有吸引力的人：4 如何成为有吸引力的人内场训练【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are some infield examples for becoming a more attractive man。 Now， I say infield。

 but what I really mean is not necessarily while talking to girls。

 I mean while going about your life。 so these are things you're going to do as you go about your day。

 little things you can do to develop the habit of being a more attractive man。

 And I suggest you do one of these at a time。 do not try to do all three at once。

 each one is going to be hard enough and it's going to demand a lot of your focus。

 Also if you're focused on three things at once your heads kind of all over the place。

 so one at a time， maybe pick an hour at a time， a day at a time to do these， don't get overwhelmed。

 It doesn't matter that you get everything right away， it matters that you become good over time。

Okay， so the first one I'm going to suggest to you is what we call the positivity challenge。

 The way this works is， as you go about your day and you may have to do it for just five minutes at a time or maybe an hour or maybe。

 maybe really good and can last a whole day， but it's very difficult。

 Try and reframe everything is positive。 No matter what happens， find the positive in it。 be like。

 my boss yelled at me。Okay， where's the positive in that。 It could be。

 That means I have a demanding job。 And that means I have a lot of job security right。

 or my boss yelled at me。 That means he thinks I'm important to the workings of the company and he values the work I do。

 That means I have an essential role。 or it could be my boss yelled at me。

 that means that I'm developing character and I'm becoming a stronger person。

 You can find something positive and everything or you can find something negative in everything。

 It just depends where your focus is。 Okay， so your challenge is， pick a selected period of time。

 And through that period of time， you must reframe everything as positive。

 If you catch yourself feeling negative。 That's fine。 don't judge yourself。 Don't worry。

 I don't be like I'm a shitty person。 So I was feeling negative。 Just like， oh。

 I was feeling negative for a second。 All right， time to feel positive again。

 let's go and just get right back on that horse。 Okay again， if this is really difficult for you。

 Try and be positive for just five minutes。 if this is a little bit easier。

 Try and be positive for an hour and try and extend your time。

 Try and make it a case where you can constantly reframe and you can stay positive at all times if you so desire。

Next up we have the don't qualify yourself challenge This is similar to the positivity challenge in that you're trying to adopt a particular behavior and you're trying to extend over a period of time while keeping that behavior in place Okay。

 in this case， the behavior we're selecting for is not qualifying yourself。If you don't know。

 qualifying basically means justifying yourself， trying to prove yourself。

 trying to change the way that people are perceiving you。 It means basically。

 instead of just doing what you know is right or just living through your belief system。

 you are actually trying to manage people's perception or trying to appear cooler or you're trying to appear less weird that sort of thing。

 So for example， if someone said to me nice shirt。 And I'm like man。 I appreciate it。

 that's not qualifying myself。 Someone said nice shirt。 I'm like， oh yeah， it was laundry day today。

 And know sorry have other shirts at home and it' kind of wrinkled。

 I didn't have time in the morning。 that kind of stuff qualifying yourself。 Also。

 someone says nice shirt to be like， yeah， I know it's cost like thousand dollars。

 I got this at like the most high end。 that's qualifying yourself too Anytime you're trying to alter someone's perception。

 instead of just doing what you know is right in living through your values。

 that's when you're qualifying yourself。 So the key here is trying and go through as long a period of time as you can challenge yourself not to qualify yourself。

 Lastly， we have the certainty and language challenge。 This is all about being on your。Being direct。

 being definite and being assertive。 Its part and parcel to being a leader， really， Okay。

 so this is subtle things。 right， for example， what we want to do is if someone is asking you a question instead of saying。

 yeah， today， you're gonna to say yes。You're gonna be definitive and assertive。

 Instead of saying na or I'm not sure whatever youre saying no。

 Instead of saying maybe you're gonna make a decision， you're gonna stick with it。

 Don't worry that you have the exact right decision。 Just make a decision。 or if you don't know。

 say I need more time， but I'll get right back to you and be definite and then get back to them with a definite answer。

 No wishywashiness。 So again， you're gonna to try and do this for a period of time。

 In each of these three drills we're essentially adopting the behaviors of an attractive alpha male。

 If you're not qualifying yourself。 If you're being certain if you're being positive。

 those are characteristics that are going to immediately make you more attractive to women。

 So there's a benefit right away and adopt to them。 However， the benefit goes even deeper。

 when you start adopting those behaviors， you're going to psychologically become the type of man who adopts those behaviors and that's going to permeate all areas of your life and just help you everywhere。

 So these are critically critically important drills。 However。

 I want to encourage you to relax and take it easy in the learning process。

 work on only one at a time， work on a short period of time。 And if you happen to mess up。

 don't get down on yourself。Understand that it's all a process and kind of take the positivity challenge with that as well。

 Find the positive in the sense that if I've been this successful at life doing what I'm doing。

 and I'm working at this， Imagine how good I'll be once I finally get there。 Okay， do these drills。

 They're very important。 They're at the foundation as is inner game of everything we're gonna do。😊。

