# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：2. 如何成为有吸引力的人：2 激发美丽女性的魅力【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So now we've talked in general about the characteristics that a woman is looking for and what is attractive。

 How can we display these characteristics， What behaviors can we employ to get those across。

 The first  one I want to talk to you about is something we call self ausements。

Anything you say can kind of come from one of two places。 It can come from a place of。

 I'm trying to get a reaction from her or I'm enjoying this for its own sake。

 and I'm present kind of in the moment， creating my own party。

 When you're creating your own party and not caring too much about how she responds to it。

 that conveys a massive amount of abundance。 So whenever you're going in and just saying what you want to say then you'll tend to do really。

 really well。 As soon as you're thinking will this work， will this get a reaction， does she like me。

 as soon as those kind of thoughts are in your head。

 you're automatically coming from a place of scarcity， a place of neediness。

 And even if the things you say are good。 even if you are thinking like， will this make her like me。

 And because of that， you say something that technically should be good game。

 The fact that you're thinking about it in terms of having her like you is going to make it bad game General。

 it's much better to say the wrong thing from the right place in the right attitude than it is to say the right thing with the wrong reasons behind it and the wrong beliefs behind it。

 so this idea of self amusement。😊，This idea that you want to go in and genuinely enjoy the conversation for its own sake and say what you feel like saying and what you want to say rather than what you think will get a reaction ironically is going to be the thing that will get you the best reaction。

Second thing I want to talk to you about is what we call intent or being man to woman。

 One of the biggest mistakes I see guys making game is they have what I call the half hour conversation to No。

Essential， they go in and they start talking to the girl。

 and they'll talk about the weather or sports or their job or who knows whatever。

 whatever random thing。 And it doesn't become about them and the woman on any level。

 And also they don't bring up the idea of sex and they don't sort of like even in their bodies feel sexual in any way。

 So they're having this very， very platonic， very dry conversation that you could have that conversation for hours or even days with a girl And you would never get into the frame or into the situation of being a lover for her。

 You'd be maybe a friend more likely just like an acquaintance that she had a pleasant conversation withright What you need to have is what we call intent。

 this desire。 One thing that I'll say to students a lot of times is they'll come out of an interaction with a girl and I'll say like does she know you have a penis。

The answer to that question needs to be yes。 If you go out and talk to a girl you're attracted to and she doesn't know after the interaction you had a penis。

You did something wrong。 Okay， Another friend of mine who's very very good at game。

 He likes to joke around and say that he gets a bor in every set And you don't have to literally do that。

 but there's something to that。 the fact that he's becoming aroused the fact that he's feeling sexual。

 the girls is gonna pick up on that， she's gonna to notice that。

 And that's going allow the interaction to become sexual， if you don't feel sexual in any way。

 why would she， it just doesn't make sense。 Also， the idea of being willing to， you know。

 be man to woman and take a risk， even when it might not go so well。

 it implies positive social proof， it implies that when you've done that before it's been successful。

 also， it's a conveyance of entitlement and assurance。 So these are all very， very。

 very attractive qualities that you'll be conveying。

 So you want to make sure that in your interactions， you are conveying man to woman。 And guess what。

 a lot of guys are scared to do this。 But if you do it， the woman will actually respect you for it。

 if you don't do it， that's when the woman's gonna to hate you disrespect you and think of you as less of a man。

Another important concept or technique when talking about how to be attractive and how to convey high value qualities as a man is what I like to call the buyer seller dynamic。

 And basically， what this comes down to is in every interaction。

 someone's buying and someone's selling。 Are you going be the buyer or the seller。Typically。

 the frame when a man walks up to an attractive woman is that the man has already decided on the woman。

 and then the woman is making a decision about him。When that's the case， the woman has all the power。

 The woman's in the position I like him。 I don't like him。 jump through this。 for me。 do this for me。

 And it's very， very hard to be conveying abundance， conveying high value when you're in that frame。

 On the other hand， if you're also evaluating the woman。

 If you're also finding out if she's the type of woman you want。 Now。

 you're in that frame of buying and you force her to be selling as well。

 it makes it more sort of like a level playing field。

 and that's a much more favorable frame for you to be in really advanced guys can actually flip the script completely。

 And they get a situation where the woman is almost fully selling herself to them。

 And when that's the case， obviously， the skys the limit。 obviously。

 like that's a great situation to be in。 so I really want you to to be aware in your interactions of who's buying and who's selling。

 how are you being try hard。 And I want you to be aware also of the idea that just because a woman's attractive doesn't mean she should have you。

 You should be evaluating her as well。 It truly abundant guy has the option of lots and lots of attractive women。

He's going to pick and choose the ones he has the best compatibility with or the ones that impress him the most。

 so you need to have that present in your interactions， that idea that she needs to impress you too。

 and that she's not winning you over just by showing up。

Another concept that's extremely important when we talk about being high value and building attractiveness is something I like to call compliance and social capital。

Now， the idea here is that when you first meet someone， you don't know them anything。

 They don't know you anything。 And that means you don't have a lot of reason to go out of your way for them and they don't have a lot of reason to go out of their way for you。

 In the case of an attractive girl， when you walk up and talk to her。She doesn't know you yet。

 She doesn't have a lot of reason to respond all that positively to。 Now。

 she'll give you general social courtesy。 And if you seem like an attractive guy。

 you have good body language， good tone of voice， that kind of stuff。

 She'll respond maybe more positively than negatively。 But she's not ready to just like。

 spread her legs for you right there， right， And she's probably not even willing to like， you know。

Move for you， like go sit down with you or go on a date with you or anything like that。

 Anything that's going out of her way。 she's probably not super ready for。

 But over time as she has more experience of positive interaction with you。

 And also as she said yes to smaller things along the way。

 she's more and more willing to say yes to those bigger and bigger things。 And interestingly enough。

 every time somebody says yes to something。 they have to kind of justify in their head why they did it。

 And the very fact of saying yes， the very fact of complying to something actually makes them more likely to view that person who they complied for in a positive light。

 So， for example， if you were talking to a girl and you said， hey。

 let's go sit over here and she comes and sit down with you on a subconscious level。

 she has to sort of justify why she went't set down with you。

 and the justifications she's gonna to come up with or reasons why you're an attractive person。

 On the other hand， if you said， hey come sit down and she says no。

 her brain is now going to start justifying to herself all the reasons she said no。

 and that's going to probably involve reasons why you're。Not such an attractive person。

 so it's very important that as the interaction moves forward。

 you do ask for things and you do get compliance， but that you're asking for things and getting compliance to things you have enough what I call social capital enough sort of like positive history in the interaction for her to say yes to So that's the idea here。

 is that every time that your social capital is kind of like a bank account every time that you ask for compliance and don't get it。

 you spend some of that bank account and then you have less。

 every time you ask for compliance and you do get it now you have more social capital to spend next time。

 And the other way that you can build the social capital is again。

 through just having a positive interaction in general。

The last concept that I want to bring up to you within this scope of being attractive man and being high value is the idea of balancing value and comfort。

 This is what we call social calibration。 And it shows that you just have good social skill in general。

 Okay， so I mentioned earlier that what a woman wants is essentially the guy she doesn't deserve。

 But also the guy she can trust。 And I mentioned the paradox between the two。😊。

So when you're talking to a girl， it's important that you find the balance of what she's looking for。

 If you have conveyed to her a lot of characteristics of that high value guy who doesn't need women。

 but who's not very trustworthy， it might be smart to be a little genuine。

 get to know the girl and just spend some time chilling with her and having you a very like calm interaction and letting her get comfortable with you。

 On the other hand， if the girl seems really comfortable， but isn't really responding to you。

 she seems to think maybe she's higher value than you。

 she's starting to take the lead instead of having you lead that kind of stuff。

 it may be time to do more characteristics of being irreverent standing up for yourself。

 maybe even like teasing her， that kind of stuff。 things that build more value。 So it's very。

 very important to know where you're at that's very important because again。

 it gives her a better experience。 But like many of these other traits。

 the fact that you can give her a better experience actually says to her you're the right type of guy who would be smart to sleep with。

 right， it conveys that。Done well with women and well socially in the past。 Okay。

 so that kind of wraps up the ideas and the behaviors that an attractive man has。

 I know some of that may seem a little esoteric。 That's fine right now。

 As we go through all the other techniques throughout the entire course。

 I'm just going to keep coming back to these things。

 And as you see them as examples over and over and over again。

 these are going to make total sense in your mind。 And more importantly。

 all the techniques later will make sense based on your understanding of these basic concepts。

