# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：7. 如何获得一个号码：3 如何获得技能内场演示【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Okay， now I'm gonna show you some examples of physical escalation in the day time。 As I mentioned。

 I don't get as physical in day game as I would say in night game。 It's not as important。 In fact。

 a lot of times I escalate in other ways， like I escalate by being more verbally intent or I escalate by moving the go around。

 So those are actually my preferred forms of escalation。

 but there are times when it is appropriate escalate during the day。

 So I'm gonna show you a few examples。 And I want you to notice in particular。 how it's very smooth。

 There's nothing forced in what I'm doing in these examples。

 tomorrow can hang out tomorrow is actually happy。😊。

So we going like hang on a milk tonight and then were going go to scrap baby perfect I will be there with two numbers here Yeah yeah just I'll put my number in your phone yeah No you didn't know yet。

'm， don see so many。Phone number。ok。Do you remember Ina。I don'tOh my god， oh my god。

 it was nice to meeting you take care and I thought it was special for a minute。

 but now I realize it all meant nothing。Todd I'm really same I'm actually about 50。

50 on whether I told it to you in the first place I't I was just I was just thinking how could I fuck with this girl just a little more I don't really remember。

Okay， so text me something good。 I will。 you。 I will come here， you， I， I need the vuch come here。

 you， okay， you know this girl， well you a roommates， right， Is she going to。

Steal my heart and or kidneys possibly possibly which is the bigger risk Oh shit as a nice medium I mean I think a wonderful person I'm a good person I I you。

That makes sense， oh wait， let's walk into something， shall we？I know you don't want to walk。

 but it's only that far can we get an airplane as that you said later？There is an escalator。

 the ups and downs you can handle by escalator， but you might have to walk。Something like 150 yards。

 it is less far than the walk to Mandalay Beta。So I'm actually saving you off as far as that goes。

I'm making your life easier。And we fun at the same time。

Don't be a troublemaker come here I will make your life easier and harder all at once Sure easier because it'll be fun and luxurious harder because you're gonna to you know。

 just don't get attached okay okay， all right， saying oh no。Oh， like I need to。It's okay。

 you can go if you'd like。I mean。I'm enjoying you so far。So I'd be like a little sad if you left。

 but if you really need to you are， you know you're welcome I would never twist your arm Well。

 you know I am leaving tomorrow tomorrow。It's okay， I think here's actually between you and I。

So I think you're cute， obviously you enjoyed me as well， so that's all very positive。

We should just have fun and let the grown ups handle the serious stuff。在边。

So like I don't us to like necessarily like you know get all intimate and like like like make the sex tonight or anything like that I want us to like just hang out have fun。

 we can see what develops man I find you attractive but I don't want。

I don't want you to think of me as a foregone conclusion。

 I don't want you to just use me for my body。So I'd appreciate if you'd treat me like， you know。

 a person， I would appreciate that。M know I'm attractive， but like I have a brand。可可。

I'm not going to lie， there are times when I've wanted to just be objectified。

Don't tell me there's not a time you wish to guy would just like。You know。

 pull your hair and you know， be a little。A little sexual with you and just like forget that you were a smart girl for a minute。

Maybe。It's not such a bad thing， but I want you to know。Like I still barely know you， so， you know。

I think we should take it marginally slow。Thank you All right， So in those examples， though。

 you see that sorry， So in those examples， first of all。

 I want you to notice it's not a ton of physical escalation。

 That's not really necessary for the daytime。 I'll do that on a date。

 I'll do that when to get to girl home。 But do notice that the escalation I do is smooth。 It's slow。

 And it's very calibrated。 Instead of going for one big thing like a big hug or something like that。

 It's little subtle gestures， like a little hold of the hand， a slight pull in。

 put hand around your back， little things like that。 that occur you know， incrementally but quickly。

 So you can get a long way， very， very quickly and with very。

 very little risk and that very little risk part is very important。

 I also want to reemphasize that a lot of the escalation in daytime is verbal or logistical。

 So in particular， have a look also at the how to do an instant date section because that's another form of escalation that's very。

 very critical。😊。