# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：4. 如何让她立即想要你：5 如何让她立即想要你内场练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now we're gonna talk about some exercise you can do in field to work on getting the girl attracted to you。

 hooking her attention， getting her chasing that kind of stuff。

 And these drills are all gonna follow kind of a similar format。

 which is that you're gonna be in set doing something that may not be optimal game。

 but it's designed to highlight a particular mode of communication or particular way of capturing a girls's interest。

 So what you're gonna do is go do your game normally。

 except for you're gonna be focusing on emphasizing a particular thing。

 So that's the format for all these drills。 the only difference will be that will be focusing and emphasizing different things in each drill。

 First exercise is designed to help you createline conversations。

 A lot of guys are very logical in the way we talk。

 we have an outcome in mind we communicate to get a point across and we're not communicating on a very emotional level and we're very much like I want to get my point。

 I want my point。 I want my point and we don't allow the conversation to flow in various directions。

 However， you may have noticed that when you have a great conversation with your friends the kind where you。

😊，Stay up all night and don't know what really happens。

 Like you don't really know what you talked about。 You talked about a variety of different topics。

 Same is when you have talked to girls and it's gone really well。

 you probably have talked about a variety of different topics as kind of gone organically in different directions as opposed to being a very linear logical conversation。

So what we're gonna do here is we're gonna simulate that non nonlinear illogical type of conversation。

 and we're also going simulate where we're also going， I guess， practice interrupting。

 We're gonna practice being assertive and being willing to change the direction of the conversation on a whim。

 So what we're gonna do is game as per normal。 but make it a point to try and interrupt the girl as much as possible and interrupt the girl with something off topic So maybe she's talking about。

 you know my shoes and my cat and b b， you'd be like you know what。

 football game this Friday is pretty interesting because you have this team against this team And then she'll be talking about like her family and this and that you'd be like you know it's funny。

 I've never been to China。just interrupt with something off topic and start talking on that topic。

 Now you want to stay friendly。 stay upbeat stay positive。

 Don't make this like some kind of like combative。 I hate your topic。 you're an idiot kind of thing。

 but you want to be constantly changing the topic and varying on to different things just for practice。

 If you want to you can do this for a whole night you won't probably have sets where you get really deep connections with the girls。

 but will get a very good experience of the drill。 If you want to do this drill and still have some success over the course of the night。

 then I'd say focus on doing this for maybe the first five minutes of the set。

 And then after that do the interaction normally。 And then in the next set do this for the first five minutes or so and then do the interaction normally。

 because this sort of changing without any relationship to what's going on is very much an attraction type tactic and early in the interaction type tactic it doesn't build a lot of comfort or connection。

 And so if you use it in its appropriate place， you can practice and still get a lot of success while practicing。

 which is always a nice thing as well next exercise is the infield version of the drill。

 that's a lie。 You'll remember in the at home version what you're doing here is speaking with conviction interrupting。

Just talking about whatever you want to talk about in a way that it's not your opinion。

 it's your truth。 like you're a supercomputer that knows everything in the world So what you're gonna to do here is essentially do that same thing in set with a girl you're allowed to interrupt you're allowed to go on tangents everything you say has to be your absolute truth absolute conviction。

 what you're saying and the goal of this exercise actually is you're gonna make up the craziest story you possibly can or the craziest thing you think you can put out there and try and have a frame so strong have so much conviction you can actually get the girl to believe whatever crazy thing you're telling So the challenge with this drill is try and come up with the craziest story you can get a girl to believe in each interaction Next exercise and again。

 this is an exercise that'll be great for early on in the set。 if you do it for too long。

 it'll sort of kill the set you'll have a situation if you do this throughout the entire interaction where it'll go really well really well really well and then suddenly badly because you'll be overdoing it but it's good to find out where that line is and it's also a good drill to do in particular early on in the interaction what you're gonna to do is maximum push pull。

You'll remember we had the push pull drill in the at home exercise。

 which is you give a positive statement then a negative or a negative and then a positive。

 So what you're gonna to be doing in this case is actually infield with a girl focusing on just having a good conversation。

 being normal but as much as you can possibly remember to do so doing these kind of positive and negative statements you want to be giving her as many negative and positive emotional specs as possible to make it just an emotionally stimulating。

 emotionally relevant conversation for and you'll notice when you do this early on in the interaction。

 it will get a lot better。 it will get a lot more interesting。

 a lot more fun and funny and a lot more sexually charged if you keep doing it for too long then it'll start to actually make the conversation worse because she won't trust you So it's good to find out where that line is because thatll tell you a lot about game and calibration but when you do this drill。

 start off just doing it as much as you can and then you start finding where that line is then back it off and try and do it for maybe just the first five minutes first two minutes so that you can actually run a good interaction after doing this maximum push pull and then you'll have。

Really good idea of not only how to get attracted to。

 but also how to transition into a normal conversation afterwards。

 next drill starts to qualify the girl as early as possible。

 Now we talked in the previous section about what exactly qualifying was qualifying yourself。

 That's when you try and prove yourself or try and manipulate someone's perception a way to make you look better。

 Basically it's whenever you go out of your way because you care about how the person thinks of you So what you're gonna do here is you're going to try and make the girl qualify to you and specifically you're gonna get the girl to try and tell you why she's cool。

 So a question you could ask along these lines would be like。

 you're a pretty girl but what do for than looks would make me want to get to know But that's a very convoluted one。

 A lot of other one do you seem like you're in shape Are you athletic or you know what you seem domestic do you cook Are you going be like。

 wait， do you read Are you smart， Are you educated， Any of those kind of things。

 Any question like that， this demanding of the girl and gets her trying to qualify or prove to is what we're looking for here and what I。

To do in this exercise is try and start doing that as much as possible。

 but also start doing it very early on in the interaction and find out how early you can get away with it。

Now there is a thing called social capital and basically what that means is that they may or may not be ready or willing to open up to you and start qualifying to right from the very get go because you may not have earned it yet but there will be a point where you have and then they readily will qualify to so I want you to find where that point is but I also want you to just experiment with qualifying in general I want you to get into the habit of being the chooser and the decider in your interactions as opposed to the one who's selling yourself。

Final exercise for hook。 And this is a bit different than some of the others because a lot of the others are something where you're doing something very active and high energy and very provoking。

 In this case， what you're gonna do is you're gonna to sit back much more。

 The idea here is that you want to get the girl to chase you。 And if you're talking the entire time。

 she can't talk。 she can't fill that silence。 And so she becomes sort of a spectator or she becomes the one being entertained and talk to as opposed to a participant in the interaction。

 if you can get her talking， you're in a much better position。

 So what you're going to do in this case is you're going to try and run the interaction with as many pauses as possible。

 Now， especially early on in the interaction， especially if she doesn't know you if you just pause too much。

 it will kill the interaction。 But there's a certain point where she's willing and ready to talk。

 where if you start to pause if you start to leave some silence for her to fill。

 she'll start filling that silence， she'll start chasing you and she'll start gaming you and that's where you really want to be in game is not where you're gaming her and she's being okay with it or tolerating it。

 but where you're actually sitting back。I can letting her game you。

So by allowing the maximum amount of silence into your set， you're going to start that trend。

You will occasionally lose some sets practicing this， but it's still very， very useful and very。

 very important that you do so， because once you start to learn to attract the girl and get her pursuing you and chasing you without you doing anything。

 that's when you really have advanced level game。