# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#12【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Hey， hey， you are way too fast for me normally on there on that thing。

 but I have to meet you I inside my to meet you。You have the most adorably like sort of like flustered but innocent thing going on。

Well， you shouldn't be so arrogant just meeting a guy I mean。

 I thinkgan notice the nature of the opener it's always personal to her if possible right if there's a positive response。

 I'm automatically flirting， automatically making it man to woman as soon as humanly possible。

And you have a good sense of humor Where are you biking to this exact moment and you're going to wait through one light with me how do you feel about this Okay one but then I got to go to the gym I understand I understand you got to work out I get it。

 It's important。嗯。没。I'm sorry， I don't usually you know talk to girls on bikes， it's all new for me。

🎼So here the girl seems really flustered， right， So she's very nervous。 I think it's very close she。

 she likes or at least is emotionally affected by me， but she's very， very nervous。

 So I'm actually gonna start apologizing and justifying myself， which is typically bad game。

 It's typically low value behavior。 But what I'm doing here is I'm trying to just make her more comfortable and trying to bring myself to her level and make myself more relatable because in game。

 you need value and comfort， I think the value is there。

 or at least the like emotional relevance is there at at the very least。

 So I'm working on just trying to make her more comfortable because it's unusual situation。 Yeah。

 yeah， exactly。Ever at all are you shy？No， that's I say， are you shy。 I call her out on it。

 And now most， most people if you say are you shy。 Like for whatever reason， socially。

 there's like the stigma of like being shy is bad or you don't want to be shy。

 I don't know that it necessarily is。 But it's a stigma。 So most people like， no， no， I'm not shy。

 And then as soon as she says， I'm not shy as soon as she acknowledges that is the identity she wants。

 now you can call out call her out to talk。 And now she's going to try to talk more because right now。

 she likes the interaction， she's emotionally engaged。

 but she's flustered and doesn't know what to say When I call her out I'm being shy now she's gonna try harder Are you outgoing and crazy。

Sup prefer。Okay， I like this， what are you doing after the gym？多哋 need to take。

With the cute boy at some point， because here's what I'm told。 I don't know if this is true。

 but I read somewhere。That when you eat the calories， they help you with your brain。

 like your brain uses calories。 And if you don't eat， your brains not working at maximum capacity。

 So what I'd really like to do。By having a little snack with you in about， I don't know。

4 or five hours， I don't know can midnight， but maybe another day。 So why do I do that long winded。

 You should grab food for your brain bullshit。And。I know it's bullshit。 She knows it bullshit。

 Everybody knows it's bullshit。 We all know that's not why we're getting together。

 But I'm just giving her any kind of like justification， right， People make decisions emotionally。

 but they need at least some semblance of logical justification。

 Some she needs some reason to believe that she's not being irresponsible and sluty。

 So I'm just trying to give her that。 even if it's like kind of over the top and bullshit。

 today is crazy。 miss friend's birthday。goOkay， I'm cuter than him doesn't。

Yeah I'll take you number Are you done with all your stuff already stuffed in Zoo？I'm dying。

 but all right， well， I'll save you at some point how you explain them。Like it sounds。

 all right I what' your number？Okay， I'mdd。 I'll text you in a minute。 you'll get my text at the gym。

 I'll talk you later。Hello， hi， You too。 hello， hi， hi， hi。

 I literally have like 10 seconds to talk to you because my friends are going to drag me away。

 They They hate me being， you know。Oh my goodness， hi， hi5。Hello other。唉。Okay， so did。

Nice to meet you， both。You guys are as3 dayss my， by the way， right over here。There。

Its kind of amazing。 Okay， quickly， I'm glad you didn't stop in the middle of the street， by the way。

 that would have been okay， so I thought you guys were。

That's cute and intriguing and I wanted to say。30 seconds。 Don't count on this one， please again。

 I know you take things literally。 I promise because there's a part of me that wants to think you're very fun。

 So here I'm just basically， you know， teasing or giving a hard time。 And this is interesting， too。

 because a lot of these sets early on。 I am asking for their attention。

 I am asking them making exception for me， Treat me special。 spend two seconds。

 it sounds a lot like begging right， But what am I also doing， I'm saying like。

 I just need 30 seconds and don't count on this when you silly woman， right。

 So it's like making fun of them teasing them as I'm doing it。

 So even as I'm doing low value behaviors， I'm mixing them in with high value behaviors。

 fun behaviors， things that are emotionally relevant， etca， etc ce。 So that's like。😊。

You can get away with。Begging even a little bit as long as it's fun， funny， entitled， etc cetera。

Right， so。Kind of useful。 part is like this girl the biggest pan I'm a really。

mm person what are you guys right this actually。And so when sitting at the hotel is like right past here like a very new one。

 I'm taking her home because her got here like 6 AM。Hi， friend。So obviously。

 it's just getting logistics。 And this girl's voice is annoying the shit at me right now。 But it's。

 I'm just basically getting logistics。 I need tot know what the， what the situation is。Tonight。Okay。

 I am too。 your party is joining my party。W came from there。 No， we're going to go。

I so we're going to do like a whole fucking big night out of it Okay but you should。

 you should come if you're as if you're the fun and not like the upside I't know I'm not like a bit。

I dont know， bitch is okay。 as long as it like bit is。 I don't mind say No， no no。

 if if you you're a fun bitch okay， right， So now she's qualifying herself to me， et ce。tera。

 things are good。 It's just kind of at this point， a matter of time。 It's a matter of like。

 she's very， she goes off on her tangents and stuff like that。 So what I need to do here。

 And this is actually important as well。😊，Is if the girl is talking a lot and it's useful Let her talk。

 If the girl's talking a lot about like unusful bullshit tangents， you need to interrupt her。

 You need to cut her off and bring it back to like what's actually going on。 So here。

 like she likes me。 She's qualifying to me。 She's reacting to me。

 Everything's in place for it to be a good good situation。 I've。

 I've screened and I can't take her home right now。 unless I take them both maybe。

 But it's gonna be pretty hard to do that。 given the， given the logistics。So basically。

 I just need to close。But I need to keep her on topic。

Would you be willing to go tomorrow We could hang out tomorrow？It's actually tomorrow。Thank you。

So we are feeling hang on tonight and then we're going to go。Perfect， I will be there。

 Lets two numbers。 Yeah yeah， I'll put my number in your phone。 Yeah， I'm。 I have much。

 I like can you just sp up at the end。 I'll put my number in your front you。😊。

So basically right here what's going to happen is if I remember correctly。

He doesn't know that we're already on good terms。 And so he's going to start a closing process。

 which I've already finished。If that makes sense， So it's actually gonna take it backwards again。

 but it's no big deal。 It just basically slows down what's， what's eventually gonna happen。

 which is eventually I'm gonna getting getting her number。

 And she actually followed up with me later that night。 So very good。

 very solid as far as all that goes。 the bicycle girl out the street。😊，It has like a solid light。

Yeah， yeah yeah。 Well， is the best I could with it。 It would have been hard to justify。

 like for her to be like，ca you know how hard it is to move a bike sideways。Like。あ本当。

sidewalk or something it's， it's tough。 I just， you know， at that point。

 if you're good number is probably the best way to go。

Cause I'm also not gonna go on a long instant date with her where she's gonna drag her bike to a coffee shopper。

 you know， it's just， it's not very plausible。