# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#4【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

think。Heyオ。Thats a littley that was a little， little extreme。Hi， hi there hi I'm on time。

 nice to meet you。哎哟喂。catch your name， I you just got the shriek。 I'm sorry， who are you。

Nice to meet you so。So all like jumping three feet near aside。

 I thought you guys had really elegant looks about you and I wanted to come so hi to you guys because we looked very classy posh and then you took that whole classy posh thing and went three feet near with it which going。

seen each other a long time。like okay， hey， stop two seconds stuff because I have to go to him。

 but stop two seconds and talk to the cute boy， okay， just because。Okay。

 so notice how I got them to go ahead and relax and stop。

 And it's basically that I had a stronger frame。 I was like， it's okay。 It's okay。 relax a problem。

 stay a second。 Talk to the cute boy。 If I had been hysterical as well。

 then it would have been a big problem， right， But when I am calm。

 they realize that their hysteria is unfounded， It's not a big deal。 and they come back down。

 And in fact， a lot of times these kind of sets where they get a little bit shocked or you have that a little bit of a negative reaction at the start can be good because there's already a lot of emotion in the set。

 right， fearear and excitement are essentially the same thing。😊，Right。

 so if they're like shocked afraid versus like turned on orroused excited。

 That's actually a lot of the same chemicals in their body。 So if they are a little， oh my God。

 shocked afraid， But then they realize you're cool and they're associating positive things with you in general。

 they're just gonna reinterpret those feelings in their body as a positive thing。 And actually for。

For students， this is huge because a lot of times with students。

 they walk up to the girls and they're very in their head they're very， oh my God， when I gonna say。

 I'm planning it all out。 And because they're planning everything out。

 they come off very robotic and very like very they have an agenda。 But then all of a sudden。

 when they they tap a girl and the girl screams at them。 all of a sudden。

 their agenda goes out the window and they just start acting like their normal self。

 And as soon as they get normal all of a sudden， they're very attractive。

 So a lot of times when I see a student get a really bad reaction on the open。 and like that's great。

 That's exactly what he needs right now and shockingly enough。

 a lot of times that bad reaction on the open will turn out to be like the first set first good set of the day when he's struggling。

So it's pretty interesting how that can happen。Just because。Who are you？

But you see how like how like they just have so much nervous energy。

 They just can't stop giggling cause of that that nervous energy that's pint up in them。

 You guys are freaking me out now。 Okay， like seriously take a breath。 It's okay。 I I'm sorry。 hey。

 I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry。 I know I'm。😊，You know， very overwhelming kind stuff。

That's an example of framing right there。 right Yeah， I know I'm very overwhelming。

 misinterpreting it as though you're amazing， misinterpreting it as though you're the prize， etc cea。

 etc cea。 So you want to be looking for those opportunities。 Also， whenever I convey myself。

 What I say， like， oh， talk to the cute boy those kind of thing。

 I'm always like just interjecting little bits of value into normal conversation。 But it's subtle。

 It's not the main point。 It's not the main it's not like an overt brag。

 but it's just a little subtle drip of value that's continually getting just like injected in the conversation。

😊，You know， I'm done for adventure when are you visiting？Am I visiting， do you have an accent？

I live here now I just moved to New York actually you here out。I'm in the East village at the moment。

Yeah， I used finish those right。more seriously So now obviously the interaction is going well per se。

 but there's this like rush factor。 And so I have to be a little bit needy。

 I have to keep them there。 to be fair， you could argue that walking with them might not have been the worst idea either。

 But at the time I just my paradigm was that I wanted to control the set and I wanted to be in charge of。

 And I think that' a good default。 It's a good default that once you get stopped。

 you don't want to get them moving again unless there's a specific destination that's favorable to you。

 But yeah， here I'm being a little a little bit needy to keep them there。 But again。

 remember it's not just needy。 It's also。's also asserting that they should stop that I'm worthwhile。

 So understand that frame as well。 I have to do guys know each are super adorable together。

 I want to have like a collective crush。 and a big mistake。Actually in this set。

 because I'll say you the things I do poorly as well as the things I do well is that from the start。

 I knew that the blonde girl is my target。 In fact， to be fair， is this is like creepy stockery。

 whatever。 But I had seen the blonde girl when we walked over and they were with a huge group of people。

 And I didn't want to approach it in that huge group because it looked like a very involved group there was a lot going on。

 So I didn't want to interrupt that。 And also looked like they had either just met or were just about to leave each other。

 So I wanted to kind feel it out。 So in this case waited about a minute and a half before opening。

 And these girls walked away from the group and I was like okay fine we're good to go now。

 But I had chosen this blonde girl like I like that。's hot。

 So I knew that was my target from the start。 But I was trying a little too hard to engage both girls at this。

 I really need to pick a target actually pick a target in the set blatant and it's a little bit like clunky。

😊，I actually wasn't even try I have this policy of trying not to get sexual with people in the first two of knowing them。

 I try to actually get to know a person first what are Irish So this I'm just saying to keep them there I'm just like changing the subject just talking。

 talking， talking just to keep them there probably the better thing to do here instead of keeping them there by that would be just like cut to the chase and be like。

 okay， look you have to leave and just trying to go for the clothes。 But at this point， in hindsight。

 like this is me three years ago， my game better and I read game better now。

 I think that would have been the right thing to do at the time I probably felt there wasn't quite enough interest yet。

 And so I was trying to buy myself a little more time in their presence。

 So they'd be a little more interested。 And so I wasn't sure that I could close yet。Irish， English。

 Are you American Irish。I'm Irish， but I'm from America Okay。

 so I do want to have a crush on the book for using Ra。

Thank you feisty expression stuff goes like she's like full trouble and that's me essentially picking the target。

 So I'm starting to zero in and single her out。 So now instead of talking to them both collectively。

 I'm talking specifically the one I want and that actually probably is It's probably a good thing that you know I just said I want to start trying to close。

 this is the first step in trying to close， you do need to pick your target before you go ahead and close。

😊，Yes。Okay， so what's this premier your foot right Tribeca， I really honestly？

I'll pick pick you feisty face， okay， so look all right， that's clunky， but it was necessary。

 right I really did need to just pick a target。I wish I had more than 30 seconds to actually properly get to know you guys because you do seem quite fun and interesting so what I want to do is I want you guys to come out and have a drink with me and my friends at some point Okay okay okay。

 we'll give you a number Okay well let's hear We'll do that。Your whats your name， Todd。

 nice to meet you， Todd。Yeah。我我我。Yeah， there's so much shouting in the。

I really did say there's so much shout in this set。Which is proof of the。

 the idea that the self is always coming through， regardless。 Yeah， there's so much shouting in this。

I have a job here。How could I forget， Okay， I will， I will text you my name in a minute。 Have fun。

So that's another example of， of turning it around from that apparently negative start。

 Just understand that that's not necessarily so negative any time that they're reacting to you。

 That is a good thing。Right the， the， what you can't recover from is when you go in and they react to you not at all because you're too low value。

 If you come in high value and they're just like put off by something， you can always apologize。

 right， you can always build more comfort later because comforts built via time。

 As long as you're in their presence， that can always come。

 But when you come in too low value and they have an immediate assessment of you as low value。

 That's very hard to overcome。 That's gonna take a while。 It's like。If you made one social mistake。

 you have to do a lot of things socially perfect to erase that one social mistake。 right， So it's。

 it's usually better to come in harder rather than softer。

 even if you do occasionally get an extreme reaction， because you。

 you can recover much better from that。😊。