# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：3. 如何开始一场对话：2 实现无止境的高情商对话的简单步骤【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Now， you may have expected in this section on how to start a conversation that you would have had a lot of openers。

 one liners， first sentences to say to girls， things like that。And we do have that。

 you'll see that in the infield section， youll also see a list of openers included with the program。

However， what I want to emphasize to you here is that the opener doesn't matter very much。

 It matters much more what you say after the opener。 You could open with。 I love you。

 You could open with。 I hate you。 You could open with， hey， you come here。 you could open with。

 I need your opinion on something。 You open with。 Hey， I thought you were really cute。

 You could open with。 Oh my God。 Don't go in there。 You could open with a million different things。

However， with any of those openers， if you just stop right there。

 the conversation will die with any reasonable opener at all。 if you continue talking。

 assume the burden， offer value， do these other things we've spoken about。

 the opener won't really matter because you'll be conveying so many positive qualities beyond that。

 So understand that the purpose of the opener very simply is just to open。

 That is all The purpose is not to like use the opener to sleep with the girl， It's just to open。

 from there， you're going convey all these positive characteristics。

 You're going to be that attractive man， and that's what's going to get your results。

 not the fact that you had some brilliant first two seconds of the interaction。

 so now we know the mentality and belief system that creates positive conversations that are going to go somewhere。

 How do we implement this in the real world， because the idea of like assume the burden。

 You can have that in the back of your head。 But what do you do。

 What's the tangible step in that moment when you see the girl， or you say。

 like I want to lower my standards。 but how can I do it。 All right， So I want to give you a mantra。

 the mantra is this。Loud， have fun。 Keep talking， no matter what。 Be loud。 have fun。 Keep talking。

 no matter what。 Okay， if you do those things， you're going to do a pretty good job of opening in general。

 You're gonna do a pretty good job of starting a conversation that can go somewhere。

 So let's look at those in a little more depth。 First， be loud。😊，When you start a conversation。

 you need to get on the other person's radar。 remember。

 you're interrupting whatever they're doing or you're interrupting whatever like thought pattern they're in or whatever state they're in。

 whatever you are imposing yourself on the situation。 If you go too quietly and too hesitantly。

 numberumb one， you might not get their attention。 And then you have to try again and it looks very try hard。

 needy， not abundant， et cetera。Beyond that。If you are very quiet。

 it sort of conveys that you're ashamed of what you're doing or you don't think what you're doing is like socially acceptable。

 particularly in pickup。 a lot of guys， they'll go in the approach very quietly like， hey， I'm sorry。

 I don't want to bother you。 But， and what does that convey， right， first of all。

 they might not get the attention。 But secondly， if they do， the girls's like。

Why are you talking so quietly。 or do you think what you're doing is creepy。

 Do you not want to be seen doing this， Should I think that this is creepy。 if you think it's creepy。

 She'll think it's creepy。 if you think it's normal， she'll think it's normal。 All right。

 rule of thumb and game， anything you do to try to not be awkward will be awkward。

 Anything you do without even worrying that it might be awkward will probably come off just fine。

 Okay， so very， very critical。 be loud。 trust that what you have to say has value and is worth hearing and just belt it out there。

 right， Again， it conveys social proof social acceptance， all these positive things。 And also。

 it's important just to get the attention。Next one。Have fun。

 This is all about being present in the moment， being focused in the conversation。 It's also。

 it'll also help you with assuming the burden and offering value because if you're having fun and saying what you really want to say as opposed to trying to get into her world or trying to like figure out how to push her buttons。

 you're gonna have a much better overall vibe。 you are going offer value。

 you are going to be charismatic， You are going to be present in the moment。 right， So have fun。

 make your criteria， not can I get the girl to like me make the criteria。

 Can I have a great interaction。 focus on having a great interaction rather than focusing on the result。

 That's another key concept in game， You always gonna to be focused on process rather than outcome。

 You can't control the outcome， you can never control another person。

 What you can do is you can control yourself and your process so that on a percentage basis。

 You're very likely to get a good result from the other person。 But if you do a great job。

 you should only care that you did a great job， not about their reaction to you。 Okay。

 so instead of focusing on getting her to like you， focus on having fun。😊。

And let her like you or her liking you be a result of having fun， right。

 Focus on process and the results will come。 Okay， let's be loud。 have fun。 And the next one。

 keep talking， no matter what。😊，Keep talking no matter what。 Well。

 that means you're assuming the burden。 That means when the conversation goes silent。

 you're the one who's going to resuscitate it。 right。

 It also means youre lowering the standards for what comes out of your mouth。

 You're putting under to your head。 You're continuing to talk so be loud to have fun。

 Keep talking no matter what。 If you follow those three rules。

 you will have great start to your conversation， You will have conversations that don't just pet out and die。

 They will keep going a minute，2 minutes，5 minutes to the point where there's real interaction。

 and you can sit back and enjoy that great conversation。 So that's your mantra。 Those are the steps。

 the action steps that you should be thinking in field。 The action steps you should be taking。

 Am I being loud。 Am I having fun， meaning， am I focusing on the process。

 am I focused on what's going on right here， am I just having a great interaction and not worrying whether she likes me or not。

 And then do I keep talking no matter what， or am I letting it go silent。 don't let it go silent。

 Now there is it time later， which we'll talk about when you can go silent。

 But we're talking at the start of the interaction before it's gotten good before there's a lot of feedback。

😊，From her， you need to keep talking no matter what。Okay。Before I finish this section。

 there is a quick word I want to give you on body language。

 A lot of guys focus on body language for starting the interaction， and we'll。

 we'll talk about that a little bit when we deal with the exercises and the drills and that kind of stuff。

 And I actually， when I break down the the infield footage。

 I'll show you the different ways that you can open sets and that kind of stuff。

 So body language anglelo approach that kind of stuff， It does matter， But here's the thing。

 Most guys focus way too much on it。 Most guys get very caught up in like， should I lean in。

 Should I lean back， Should I be tilted away from her towards her。 Should I have my back to her。

That stuff， it matters a little bit。 But what really matters is where it's coming from。 Okay。

 if you get the right attitude， the body language will be a natural outgrowth of the right attitude。

 If you try and implement the body language with the wrong attitude。

 you will do things in a very creepy way。 I'm going to tell you a quick story for that。

When we first started teaching boot camps years and years and years ago。

 we had a list of all the different bad body language that we saw in students It's actually a really brilliant list。

 like really like well thought out very comprehensive and you could almost tell when when students start doing this they get bad reactions when they start doing the good body language。

 they get good reactions。 So obviously， it seemed to make sense that we would teach the students these body language tricks。

 And then the students would you know have good body language and get good results。 So we said， okay。

 here are 25 things that are bad body language and good God body language。

 learn these implement them and then girls will like you。😊。

And what happened was the students would read through that， and they'd be overwhelmed。

 they'd be nervous， and then they'd go out， talk to girls and do all 25 things wrong。

And so even though they were aware of the good body language。

 they knew what it was because it was coming from an unconscious subconscious level。

 they didn't have direct control over it。 And while they were trying to fix like not leaning in。

 they'd suddenly start taking up less space and talking in a low tone of voice。

 or if they start trying to work on their voice， they'd start like being like over the top and like basically。

In overthinking it and becoming self monitoring and worrying about body language。

 they would do everything wrong。Later on， we did something different。

 which is we dropped the body language stuff。 And we just got people to focus on the right attitudes。

 thinking the right things， having the right beliefs in the interaction。 And then all of a sudden。

 even though we never told them any of the body language things。

 all the body language things self correctred from good attitude。 Okay。

 so what I want to emphasize to you is body language is important。 Yes。

 but body body language comes from attitude。 And actually。

 I've seen guys do bad body language with the right attitude， the right belief system。

 and they succeed in spite of the bad body language。

 because bad body language is bad because it's conveying negative thoughts and ideas。

 Good body language is good because it's conveying positive thoughts and ideas。

 If the thoughts and ideas are right， the body language either will come into alignment or won't matter very much。

 Okay， that's a quick word on body language will deal more with the specifics of like angles and body language and and that kind of stuff when we actually get to the infield section。

😊。