# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：2. 如何成为有吸引力的人：3 如何成为有吸引力的人家庭练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Here are some at home exercise you can do to become more attractive。 First exercise。 very simply。

 what I want you to do is make a list of 10 reasons why you are the best decision a girl can make。

 this is not just why you're pretty good or why you're kind of cool。

 why you're the best decision she can make。 Why you think you're a bad ass and she is lucky to be with you。

 Very， very important。 Now， why is this important。 There are two reasons。

 One is you're going to be constantly telling yourself， you are enough， You are the prize。

 She's lucky to be with you。 But if you're just like telling yourself that rot。

 your brain is sitting here thinking you're bullshtting me。 I don't believe you。

 you're just telling me this to get a result。 However。

 if you have actual reasons why you're the best。 the brain wants proof not promises。

 right So if you're say I'm the best because this， I'm the best because I'm working on this area in my life。

 and I have a bright future， I'm the best because I care about giving a girl a good experience。

 I'm the best because I have this and that talent。 Whatever it is。

 If you have tangible reasons why you're the best， your brain will believe it more and it will help you with your inner game。

😊，Secondly， this will help you because when you're actually in set with a girl。

 it's going to give you an idea where to direct the conversation。

 You can play to your strengths a lot better if you know what your strengths are。 so again。

 the exercise is come with 10 reasons， write them down， Don't just do it in your head。

 write them down， Have a list of why you are the best decision a girl can make Second exercise。

 Also a list， I want you to come up with five nonphysical traits that you would look for in a girl。

 This is not she has big tits。 This is not she's wearing very few clothes。

 these are things you're actually looking for in her personality。 and there's a few reasons for this。

 The first is that when you are actually looking for things in a girl。

 that puts you in a different frame of mind。 instead of going into an interaction and thinking how can I make her like me。

 How can I prove that unworthy me is worthy of her instead you're thinking。

 how can I find out if she's the right girl for me。

 It automatically puts you in the position of being the selector and that is absolutely critical。

 One of the most important things is gonna happen in game。

 thiss to your advantage is she starts qualifying herself to you。She starts trying to impress you。

 And if you start screening her， she's gonna start trying to impress you。 If you're just chasing her。

 there's no reason for whatever to start going down that route。

 and she's never gonna get invested in the interaction。 So that's very important。 Similarlyly also。

 though， like the previous list， having this list is gonna help you with what to focus on in game。

 it's gonna give you things to talk about。 So you get to that point in the set where you don't know what to say。

 Having this list of the five things you're looking for is going to help you to know exactly what to say。

 Okay so again， the assignment is come up with five things that are nonphysical traits that you are looking for in a row。

 All right， that's it。 do those assignments they're critically important。

