# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：3. 如何开始一场对话：1 吸引人的对话从何而来【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

So now the part you've been waiting for， the tactics， the techniques， how to actually talk to a girl。

And we're about to get there。 But every single thing we do in this course。

 and every single thing you do in game。 You need to understand the mentality matters most。

 It's more important that you have the right ideas and the right outlook than it is that you have the right technique because the right technique with the wrong outlook will not work。

 will make you seem creepy will make you seem robotic。 If you have the right outlook。

 even if you lack in technique， you'll probably do things that are approximately right。

 so with every section， everything we do， we're going talk about the mentality first。

 So what is the mentality of having a great conversation。 Well， there are a few。

 First one is what I call assuming the burden。 when you start a conversation with someone。

 when you decide you want to have a conversation， it's your job to make it happen。

 when say you walk up and talk to a stranger， they don't know that they're going to talk to you。

 they weren't prepared for that moment。 They might be caught off guard。

 they might be in the middle of something。 They might be taking itback。

 They might think you're selling them something。 They're not quite sure how to react。

 And so the natural human inclination in that situation。

To do as little as possible as to maybe clam up or maybe make an excuse and leave the conversation。

 etc cea， et cetera。 It's not personal。 It has nothing to do with you as a person。

 but it is a natural instinct。 So you have to understand that the person you're talking to might not be very helpful right at the start。

 And that doesn't mean they don't like you。 It just means they're not ready。 That does mean， though。

 that it's your job to make the conversation happen。

 I like to look at starting a conversation a little bit like starting one of those oldfed lawnmores where you like you pull the choke and it kind of starts and then dies。

 and you pull it again and it starts and then dies， pull it again。

 And eventually you start at one time and it just goes and goes and goes。

 and the lawn moer will run for the rest of the day。 It' the same thing with the conversation。

 you may go in and say something and they just respond one or two words。 And then it kind of dies。

And most people just give up and walk away right there。 What you need to do is pull that court again。

 assumes the burden， put in the work of making the conversation start， Try again。

 say a few more words。 They respond a little bit。Then it goes dead again。 Okay。

 pullll that cord again。 say a few more words。 And eventually。

 you'll get to the point where the conversation kind of like just takes light。 It just， it just goes。

 And then you can sit back and enjoy。 And you know。

 you've done your work and now you can enjoy the results。 You have to do the work up front。

 Understand that。 The first couple minutes。 It's your job to assume the burden after that。

 you can sit back， relax and enjoy the fruits。 but you need to have that mentality。

 If you go in thinking that you can just say， hi， I'm here and it'll immediately start。

 that's not going work for you。 Also， if you go in with the mentality that like if you say hi。

 and they don't respond well to you that it's somehow personal or that they hate youre there're being rude。

 that's also not true。 Okay， it's not their job to keep the conversation going at the start。

 It's yours。 until they find out that you are that cool attractive guy that you actually are right。

 They don't know it yet。 give them time， let them get to know it， assume that burden。

 The next concept， which is actually very similar to the concept of assume the burden is offer value。

 Off value。 B。😊，Something to the conversation。 If you go into the conversation and you just go in and just ask。

 where are you from， What do you do， How old are you， First of all。

 those are conversations they've had before that are probably boring to them。 But secondly。

 you're asking them to provide all the interesting stuff in the conversation。

 You're not providing your own attitudes， your own inputs， your own thoughts， your own stories。

 etc ce。 You're not actually participating in the conversation。

 You're just crossing your fingers and hoping the other person will say something interesting。

It's your job， again， similar to assuming the burden。 It's your job to convey your personality。

 In fact， that's the whole point of the conversation in the first place is to convey personality。

 That's why you're there。 Remember， you're this man with the attractive qualities。

They don't know it yet。 Conversation is your vehicle for showing them。

 So in order for that to happen， you need to actually talk about yourself。

 You actually express your opinions。 You need to say what you truly feel and believe。

 And you need to kind of bring a party for them to get into as opposed to trying to jump into their party from the start。

 Okay， so in a tangible sense， this means probably telling stories， making statements。

 giving your opinions rather than asking a bunch of questions。

 it also means not allowing the conversation to just go silent。 It means， you know。

 doing your due diligence and assuming that burden， As I said before as well。 Next。

 key mentality and having great conversations。Be present in the moment。

 be present in the conversation。If as you're having the conversation， you're thinking things like。

 is she liking me or how does my hair look or where is my social value or is someone watching us。

 or does someone think I'm doing pickup or is this girl， the type of girl that's likely to have sex。

 If you're thinking too many of those thoughts。 You're going to get in the way of having a good conversation。

 Think of it this way。 It's like mentally， you have a certain amount of bandwidth。

 You have a certain amount of things you can focus and put your attention on。

 And if you're focused on 10 different things。 and then also the conversation one of those 10。

 you're giving it one10th of your focus and energy。

 That's not gonna make you very engaging or charismatic。 If you clear your mind a bit。

 and you're focusing 90% of your attention on the conversation。

 Now you're gonna be 9 times as charismatic as in the previous example。

 You're gonna be the type of person someone wants to once to like to talk to。 You'll be more funny。

 you'll be more witty， you you'll have new ideas， you'll convey yourself more clearly。

 you'll have better eye contact， all kinds of good things are gonna to happen。

 if you can truly focus on。😊，Moment so what you want to do， at least early on in the conversation。

 is really focus on just being present in the conversation， not judging it and having a good time。

 put your full focus on what's going on right here。 don't worry about what's gonna happen 5 minutes。

10 minutes，15 minutes，3 hours from now。 first and foremost。

 focus on what's going on focus on the girl be truly present， listen to her。

 see what she's giving you。 all of that's gonna be super， super critical。

 All the tactical stuff you can work in later once you're already having a good conversation。

 But even then even later on， you still want the majority of your focus right there in the moment in the conversation。

 I mean， just as an example， if I focus in right now and look at the lens。

 you can tell that it's very， very like there's an intensity there I'm talking right to you。

 if on the other hand， I'm all over the place， just you know like this and whatever， you know。

 I'm not really it's not as intense。 It doesn't have that level of like draw to it that level of charisma to it you want to have that in your conversation。

be present， truly focus on what's going on in the moment。The next two concepts。

 I'm going kind of bring up together because they are similar。

 The first concept is what I call lowering your standards for what comes out of your mouth。

 And the second is something that I sort of like flippantly call putting a gun to your head。

 Okay Lowing your standards for what comes out of your mouth is very， very critical。

 A lot of people when they get into a conversation They want to be perfect。

 They think of a conversation like a test in school。 you're trying to score 100%。

 You're never gonna have a perfect conversation。 You're never going be perfectly wit。

 You're never gonna always say the right thing。 So stop trying。

 Also understand the bar is not that high。 Most conversations that people have are not the greatest conversation。

 Most conversations are boring， dull， little， you know gossipy affairs that really don't make people's life better。

For your conversation with a girl to be better than that。

 it only has to be maybe like 6 out of 10 or 7 out of 10， good at best， if even that， Okay。

 and what you need to do is trust that you're an attractive man and you have the right ideas in your head。

 And because you're attractive and have the right ideas in your head。

 everything that's going randomly spew forth from your mouth will be better than average。

 It will be good enough。 Okay， so rather than。Sitting there thinking what's the perfect thing to say because here's what happens。

 Guy goes into conversation。 He thinks what's the perfect thing to say。 and he can't think of。

 What's Can't think it。 What's the perfect thing。 can't of it。 What's the perfect thing。

 Can't think of it。 And eventually， he just sits there in silence， saying nothing。

 which is actually the worst possible thing you can do。 instead。

 if you were to just spit something out。 And then if it's good， go with it。 if it's not good。

 cut it off and try something else。 That's a much better approach。 And again。

 if he's an attractive guy with the attractive attitudes in his head。

 It's probably gonna to be pretty good。 And surprisingly。

 you'll be usually pretty charismatic when you just spit stuff out and don't filter。

 You'd be amazed at the conversation ability your unconscious mind has But what you need to do。

 lawyer standards， just say something。 you can always apologize。

 you can always take it back and you always change a subject。

 But what you don't want to do is be in your head thinking， thinking。

 thinking and then not coming out with anything。 lawyer standards spit something out。

 you can always adjust it on the fly。 And this brings me to the other concept。

 which what I call putting a gun to your head。 putting a gun to your head。

mean just giving yourself no choice， like people to say。

 like if you had to make a decision gun to your head， what would you do。

 right whenever you're with a tough decision in a conversational situation。

 particularly when things have gone silent， what I suggest is put a gun to your head rather than sit there and be like。

 oh， what do I say， What do I say， What do I say， Just say something， be like。

 there's a chair over there。And then once you've started there。Your brain now。

 instead of when you're quiet， when you're quiet conversation， you're thinking to yourself。

 your brain is thinking， how do I not look like an idiot， How do I not look foolish。

 And so the way to not look foolish is clam up and not say anything。

 even though it kills the conversation， at least you don't look like an idiot。

 When you start a sentence， now your brain says， oh shit， how do I not look like an idiot。

 I guess I have to finish the sentence。 So you've now motivated your brain to do what you know you needed to do the whole time you know you needed to talk。

 But the easier thing， the easier thing subconsciously was not to talk。

 as soon as you start a sentence， the easier thing becomes to talk。

 So if you say there's a chair over there， which is really interesting because， you know。

 I think we should just sit down。 My feet are hurting。

 you just did something positive in the interaction or some examples and we'll do these in the example section actually that I like is if you say yes。

 and and then you're forced to finish the sentence or you say， you know。

 I totally love and you're forced to finish the sentence。 The idea is just say something。

 get yourself to the middle of the sentence， And I promise you'll figure out the rest from there。

 But if you just sit。In silence and try and plan out the whole sentence in advance。

 by the time you get to saying it， the conversation will moved on and that sentence will no longer be appropriate。

 or the silence will have gone way too long。 It'll be super awkward。

 And you'll have just like killed the conversation。

 Okay so the key thing here is understand you don't have to be perfect。

 All you have to do is get your brain moving in the right direction。

 if you get to the middle of the sentence。 I promise you， your brain will finish it。 Okay。

 so lawyer stands for what comes out of your mouth。

 Just spit something out and then let the rest come put it under your head。

 use something to start the sentence。 and then trust that you'll get out of it。

 Your brain is very adaptable when motivated right。

