# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：11. 如何发起X行为：2 开始X行为的技术性问题【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Allright， so here are the technical points。 My power moves for getting through that last little bit。

 Some people caught last minute resistance。 Some people call forplay。

 I prefer the idea of forplay and teasing to a last minute resistance because ideally。

 if you do it right there should not really be resistance。 Ily if you do it really well。

 you should get to the point where she's actually chasing you so here are some technical points to emphasize and think about when you get her back to your place。

 First one is wait five minutes。 in general， wait five minutes Now she's ripping your clothes off all the way home and she's already like basically trying to rip your dick out of your pants that's different。

 go ahead and do it。 But in general in a normal interaction。

 wait a few minutes let her get comfortable and then escalate。 I kind of mentioned that a minute ago。

 but it's so important。 it bears repeating。 Second thing。 And this is a huge。

 huge huge idea is there what I call the point of no return。 and this is something that's very。

 very frustrating for me as Is learning game。 What I found was if I went on a date with a girl that went pretty well and we got a little bit physical and then we cut it off very often we'd have a second date。

😊，However， if we got really physical， like we got really close to having sex， but didn't have sex。

 The girl would probably never see me again。 But then if we actually had sex。

 then she probably would see me again。 And it was pretty weird It like the dates that were like pretty good but not great。

 they'd see me again。 Ds that were amazing we had sex They see me again。

 But the dates that were actually better than the pretty good ones wouldn't happen。

 there would be no second date。 And I realize over time。

 what happened here was there's a certain point where if you go past that point and don't have sex。

 it becomes very hard for the girl to justify by seeing you again。 Think of it this way。

 If you almost had sex with the girl。 very， very close and didn't。1 of all。

 she's gonna think if she meets up with you again， she's meeting up for sex， which again。

 that's gonna make her feel sluty， Girl don't want to feel that way。

 They want to feel like it just happened， It wasn't their fault。 No big deal。 All right， you know。

 they just came out for the fun time。 And oops， penis ended up inside of me。

 That's kind of what they want。 All right， So if you get too close and don't get there。

 you're violating that。 But secondly， if you get really close。

 So it's so overtly on the table and they don't have sex with you。

 they're gonna go home and they're gonna to start just。

all the reasons they didn't have sex I didn't have sex with them because this。

 I didn't have sex with them because this。 you know。

 he is too short or he wasn't rich enough or he had a weird vibe or he said this rude thing to the waitress or whatever the fuck。

ll start justifying whatever reasons finding all the negatives in you。

 whereas if you go ahead and have sex with the girl。

 then they're gonna start justifying all the positives。 Also if a really good date。

 but you never made an attempt at sex but a good they'll start justifying all the reasons they had a good time and they'll start finding positive qualities。

 So happens is there's that little segment between the point of no return and actual sex where you won't get another date and you also didn't get sex then there so how do you know where that point of no return is。

 it's kind of a feel thing but know that it's the moment when things get real close。

 So for some girls it'll be if you start fingering， that's the point of no return。

 Some will be when you start taking their clothes off。's a of no return。

 Another one would be sometimes if a girl starts getting very physical with you and you immediately jump on it and get too need that moment and gets too hot and heavy and it's too much that can be a point of。

So think to yourself when you're at that point of no return。Based on your experience。

 based on your field。 Do you think it's likely that you're gonna go all the way to sex。

 If it's very likely， then just go ahead and do it。

 If it's not so likely what you want to do is kind of like take your time at that point of a return。

 tease and you want to get her chasing you at that point。

 The other thing that really helps is if you get some logical commitments from her。

 remember we talked about focused relevance emotion decision when we talked about hooking。

 When you get more decisions， more logical buy in like she's telling you you're amazing。

 I really like you， I think you're great， we should do this together。

 the more logical buy in you have as well as the emotional arousal。

 the more likely you're to get to get through that point of return all the way to sex。

 If it's just emotional arousal， if at any point， the energy dies even a little bit。 shes like， wait。

 what's going on。 this isnt okay， So make sure that you're getting logical buy in as well。

 But the idea is you want to be aware of the point of no return， when you're likely to cross it。

 and don't cross it a little bit。 Don't cross a little bit， make sure that when you do cross it。

 there's a good chance of it going all the way。 And make sure that you're crossing it with momentum。

 You're cross it with her very body in， very turned on。Otherwise， just don't cross it。

 Take your time again。 Be patient。 It's very， very， very useful。 Next， I want to tell you。

 two power moves that I use to completely just obliterate like any kind of last minute's distance or any kind of like sex not going down when you get back to your place。

 And these are particularly useful right around that point of no return area。

 but they're useful in general。First one is what I call the two hands for one move And what this is basically。

 first of all， understand a lot of girls like to be dominated to a certain degree。

 A lot of girls like a man that takes charge。 So a lot of girls get very aroused if you do things like pin their hands behind their back that sort of stuff or even things like holding them down choking them that kind of stuff now be careful if a girl objects any of that kind of stuff back off quickly because it's high risk but a lot of girls are very aroused by it So one move that I really like is to take both of the girls hands in one of my hands。

 I'll do this up against a wall around a bed and I pin them above her head just pin them up above her head。

 And the great thing that it does is it gives me a hand free to use So in that with that hand I can escalate and I have some freedom。

 But the other great thing it does is if she's gonna have a problem or if she's gonna have any kind of resistance or objections Probably she's gonna use her hands to do that。

 So because I have her hands pinned in my hand。 if I notice her hands twitching as I'm about to do something。

 I stop what I'm doing。 So say， for example， I'm running my hand up her thigh and her hands like twitchers she seems to be。

Some kind of resistance。 I immediately just pull my hand back and go off the other way So that way。

 instead of her thinking， oh my God， this pushy guy， I have to stop him。

 she's thinking why did he stop， does he not like anymore or she's thinking wow。

 this guy reads me so well， he understands me he knew right where I was uncomfortable And he knew just when to pull away。

 He's an amazing lover。 One of the two。 But it's a great way to find out the information of where she's at without actually hearing no because remember in game。

 you don't want to hear no every no sets you back now just because you hear no by the way。

 in any of this stuff doesn't mean no doesn't necessarily mean like no。

 not ever it just means not at this moment， take your time， get to know me better。

 So don't ever think just because you hear no one time that like it's never gonna happen just back off。

 change your mood， not her mind， escalate slowly be conscientious etc and keep going but understand that it's better if you make her comfortable at all times escalated a pace she's used to and actually like really enjoying and even escalating more on you so that's what the two hands in one move is for。

TheSecond move that I really like as a power move is what I call the preemptive freezeout。

AFreeze out basically it's an old school pickup tactic where basically when the girl is not responding well to you。

 you just kind of like go cold turn away and you make her kind of wonder what she did wrong or why you don't like her anymore。

 and it's a way of sort of like regaining your power when you've lost your power by trying too hard。

 I can see sometimes when that's useful but I don't actually use it that way I don't believe in it that wake I think it's very reactive。

 I think it's like seems a little but little but hurt seems a little low value so I don't like to do it but what I will do is the preemptive freeze out。

 which is things are going really well but you're not sure if it's gonna go the whole way so you're almost at that point of over return and things are getting very hot and heavy but you' concerned it might not go all the way to sex。

 what I'll do a lot of times is I'll actually stop the interaction there and take a break and then come back to it because when I come back the second time almost always I'll pass through the point of no return very easily So what I'll do is like hey hold that thought and then I'll go grab us in the glass of wine or I'll go use the restroom real fast I'll just leave her like on the bed to like chill out and whatnot and if things have been going well she's thinking like how good things are or she's wondering when I'm gonna。

Or she's taking more clothes off to get sexy for me or something like that。

 And maybe she's even thinking like， did I do something wrong， Does he like me oh shit。

 I like him so much。 I hope I didn't mess this up。 Then I come back。

 And a lot of times maybe I won't even back the I'll just sit over next to the bed and just start talking to her in a more casual way。

 And now she's really like shit， what did I do wrong And then a lot of times they'll invite me back to the bed like hey come over here and now they're escalating on me even if they don't do that I will just talk for a little bit eventually get back on the bed eventually start over again。

 And because I've escalated before， remember once you've escalated to a point。

 it's very easy escalate to that point again。 So I'll be able to escalate。

 And again that that last minute resistance area will be a lot easier because I've shown that I'm patient because I'm not needy because I'm abundant that I'm willing to risk having them leave all these very positive qualities so I like the preemptive freeze out a lot as return maneuver or as a way to take something that's going pretty well and make it go really。

 really well。 that's my other sort of like nuclear move。Reistance that I really like。 Okay。

3 little advanced things that you might do that come up occasionally are these。 number one。

 when it comes time to take clothes off， if you take her clothes off or you take her shirt off or her pants off。

 she might resist that she might hold on。 she might be uncomfortable。

2 reasons One is that that's very intimate。2 is she might be a little insecure about her body。

 Even girls with great bodies， sometimes a little insecure。

 especially with the lights on that kind of stuff。 another one is if you think she might be insecure her body or if you're getting these indicators。

 turn the lights off and just escalate with the lights off， that can help a lot。

 But the thing I was gonna mention is take your clothes off first。

 take your clothes off first rather than hers because it's。😊。

Taking your shirt off says the exact same thing as taking her shirt off。

 But if you take her shirt off， she might resist it。 you take your shirt off， it just happened。

 it's no big deal。 So get yourself naked first rather than her。

 And also if she's at all body conscious， the fact that you're naked will make her more comfortable with that as well。

Second one that's very useful sometimes is leave her panties on。 Now。

 if it's really on that moment of taking the pan girls' panties off is one of the most fun moments in sex。

 So by all means do it when it's really on。 But if it's one of those ones where you're not quite as sure you don't know if if she's there yet。

 A lot of times it's better to leave the panties on because that's a symbol of safety。

 That's a symbol of it's okay。 Nothing's gonna happen。

 similar to kind have the intermediate venue Its like sex won't happen yet。

 if the panties are still she's like， oh， sex won't happen yet。

 and she'll actually allow herself to get more and more aroused and allow you to get more and more intimate And then panties is no big deal just slide to the side and just have sex anyway。

 So it's not that big of a deal overall。 but it's massively massively helpful。

 The other thing with the panties on you can do is you can actually rub the outside like through the panty。

 So you're basically almost having sex whether your penis is like half in with the panties stretched inside。

 but you're not actually having sex yet。 but it feels very much like sex there she'll get extremely extremely aroused。

 And a lot of times she's be like， hey do you have a condom and just like ask you for sex at that point。

 so。Very， very useful to actually leave the panties honestly taking him off as counterittuitive as that might seem。

 Last really advanced tactic is there are certain girls that it's actually better not to kiss them Okay certain girls aren't into kissing。

 So if you tried to kiss a few times and it doesn't work out just use an alternative move。

 I like kissing the neck or like pulling the hair。 something else that's equally arousing but not quite as intimate and that oftentimes you can do those things and have sex even if the girl won't kiss you。

 And I found especially this happens a lot with girls that have boyfriends if a girl has a boyfriend or she just come out of like a relationship and she's kind of in this ambiguous position emotionally。

 she's not sure where she's at。 she may feel that kissing is too intimate and so she may be very resistant to that but you can very easily have sex with her without kissing her。

 So if you get the vibe that everything else is good all the other indicators in place。

 but she won't kiss you instead of trying and trying and hearing no。

 no no and then she eventually leaves because you push too hard。

 Just forget about kissing do other forms of escalation。

 go ahead and have sex with her and then maybe she'll kiss you after sex or maybe at least she'll have a real discussion with you after sex。

You can figure it out and then go forward from there。 Alright。

 so understand as a very advanced tactic， you don't always have to kiss the girl。 Allright。

 so that's kind of the entire structure from open all the way to close。 Every step of the way。

 technical ideas， mental ideas， you've seen some infield， you have some exercises， et cea， et cea。

Take all that information。 Use it， review it over and over again。

 But the biggest thing I can tell you is start implementing it because the game is played in the field。

 So as much as it's tempting to watch and rewatch this， go ahead， watch it through。

 get that information。 But the best way to use this is go out， try something。

 come back to the section where you had a problem。 if you had a problem hooking sets。

 come back to the hooking section。 If you got to go home， but it didn't work out。

 come back and look at the how to， you know deal with escalation once you get a home section。

 There's something in here for every single sticking point you're possibly going find。

 So review this over and over again as necessary， but remember， game is played in the field。

 you want to be spending at least at least two to three times as much time in the field as watching reviewing material。

 Probably more like four times or 10 times as much time in the field as reviewing material。

 so get out there， use this stuff。 You have all the pieces in place。 now go do it。

