# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：2. 如何成为有吸引力的人：1 极具吸引力的男人如何思考行事【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Before we delve too deeply into all the intricacies and technicalities and tactics of day game。

 I want to give you sort of a general overview of some of the characteristics that women find attractive in a man in general。

 when you understand these characteristics， all the other techniques and tactics in this entire course are going to make a lot more sense to you because you'll understand that what you're essentially doing every single step of the way is conveying these characteristics。

 also， whenever you don't have a tactic or technique in place。

 if you have in mind the idea you're conveying these things， you may stumble and bble around。

 but at least you'll stumble and bumble around in generally the right direction。

 it would generally the right ideas in mind。 so without further ado。

 what are the characteristics of an attractive man。Number one， abundance。

 the attractive man conveys that he has other women available to him。 Now。

 this may seem ironic because as a man， we think that， you know， a woman。

 a woman being with a lot of men is kind of an unattractive thing。 but it's actually the opposite。

 for a man。 Think about it this way。 If a man has been with a lot of women。

 That means a lot of women have decided he was a good choice。

 That means that for the woman in question。She can choose him with a little more confidence， right。

 She can choose him with less chance of making an error because all these other women have gone first。

 All these other women have said， oh， I like him based on the information。 Well。

 the more women that have said， yes， the more women who have liked the package presented。

 the more likely it actually is a good package。 And the reason for this is men lie。

 men can say anything do anything convey anything over a short period of time and they may dupe the woman。

 But the proof of having other women into him is something he can't lie about。

 It's what we call an honest signal。 All right， So abundance is huge。

 and abundance is conveyed through things like for example。

 when a girl texts you do text back like write the next second or you you know you're busy doing you know going about your life。

 text back a few hours later。 And you know， it looks like you have other things going on。

 which ideally you probably should have other things going on。

 It can be conveyed directly through other girls calling you， other girls coming up and saying hi。

 or just when you're out， other girls smiling at the both of you and clearly liking you。

 those kind of things。 It also can be conveyed by you not being nervous around。

it can be conveyed by when she gets out of line。 you're willing to let her walk away。

 You're not super needed to cling to her when she's misbehaving all kinds of things like that can convey that level of abundance。

 But understand that fundamentally if you are in demand。 If other women like you。

 that is attractive to women because it is an honest signal that you've been a good choice。

 Next characteristic， this highly attractive to women is entitlements and assertiveness。

 this basically means standing up for yourself and believing you deserve things in life。

 and what this does， first of all， it indicates her that you can handle yourself in the world。

 if you don't ask for what you want and you don't get what you want， you're not a very good provider。

 you're not a very good successful man of the world。 but it even goes deeper than that。

 which is when you convey that you're entitled to things when you're willing to assert yourself。

 you're willing to disagree with people， you're willing to stand up for yourself。

 it conveys that in the past when you've done that， you've received a positive response。

 you've received a good feedback from the world。 And so that means that you've lived a good life。

 people have liked to。Again， it's implying social proof， not just from women but from men overall。

 okay so being willing to stand up for yourself， being willing to talk in a loud tone of voice。

 being willing to say your opinion， even when it's unpopular。

 being willing to be the center of attention all of these things are highly， highly。

 highly attractive qualities and if you convey them。

 women are going to get aroused by you turned on very， very quickly。 Third characteristic。

 we talked about it already a little bit in the first two characteristics is social proof right。

 Are you a celebrity， that's great。 Are you popular in your social circle， also great。

 you know when you talk to people， do they respond well to you or not like say you're out on a date with a girl and everybody throughout the entire date like treat you rudely and tries to like walk all over you。

 even if you're having a good conversation with the girl on the date。

 she's gonna notice that she's gonna respond to like who is this scrub that I'm with Are you well dressed if you're dressed well。

 if you're dressed in ways that convey that you've made enough money to buy those clothes or in a way that like you're stylish enough that you're being willing to have。

😊，Attention on you that conveys that you've had good social feedback throughout your life。

 Anything and everything that conveys good social feedback again is going to make you more attractive。

 We kind of talked about that in the other two points。

 but it's important to even just outline it explicitly because it is so， so， so powerful and so， so。

 so important。 The next trait I'm going to talk to you about are starting to delve not just into who you are as a person。

 but into how you interact with women and with that specific woman。

 And the first of those is leading women are in an interesting position when it comes to sex because women want sex。

 and they like sex， probably more than men。 if you've ever had good sex with a girl and heard the way she moans the fact that she can have multiple orgasms and that kind of stuff。

 you'll know that sex can be amazing for a girl。 And you might think to yourself。

 why doesn't she want sex all the time。 And she probably does。

 The problem is women are judged for wanting sex。 Women are called things like slut or horror or things like that。

 And so it makes it very difficult for them to pursue these sexual desires。

 It also means that in a context of a man womans situation。The woman's very unlikely to make a move。

 the woman's very likely are very unlikely to step up and like take a risk。

 because she doesn't want to be perceived as sluty or in a way that will reduce her social value。

So it's very important as a man that you be willing to lead because if you don't lead things forward。

 things won't happen。 Allright， It's very important that you take the burden off of her shoulders so she can have a good experience where it just happened。

 that phrase it just happened is so， so， so critical。 It just happened means she wasn't at fault。

 She didn't have to be a slut。 If she gets to have sex without having to be judged without having to be sluty。

 that's amazing for her。 If she has to be sluty and has to be judged and has to possibly incur negative social repercussions for sex。

 she's not going to have sex very often。 Also， as a side note， this leadership thing。

 it does convey more entitlement， more assertiveness。 So that makes it even more attractive as well。

 Last rate I'm going mention to you， that's very， very attractive to a woman is sort of what I call knowing the dance。

 knowing the dance of seduction， knowing the process of seducing a woman。

 knowing how to touch her in the right way。 knowing how to take a girl from meeting her to going on a date with her or taking her straight home to getting back to your place to taking things at the right pace and。

The using humor when you maybe if you push too far， knowing how to back off， keep it fun。

 keep it funny so it doesn't become a big deal， all those sorts of things， knowing how to flirt。

 acting， you know， conveying that you've been there before。This is very， very positive and very。

 very arousing to a girl。 Numb one， because physically， it is a better experience for her。

 If she's touch in a better way， that's a better experience。

 If you're being more interesting conversationally， that's a better experience。

 So it is per se better。 But again， also， you're conveying social proof。

 You're making her more comfortable in her choice。 If you， you know。

 say she thinks youre this really cool guy， You get her back to your place and then you go touch her and you have like like no finesse and you're like very try hard。

 And all of a sudden， she's like， wait， was I wrong， Was he not such a cool guy。

 because if you was a cool guy， you probably would have been with a lot of girls。

 And if you's been with a lot of girls， he probably would know how to be better in bed。

 So what's going on here。 right， So number one being better in bed is good because you're just better in bed。

 But it also conveys a lot of good things about you。 The other part of this。

 And I mentioned this a little bit before， I avoiding the pitfalls。 Aing things like little things。

 like if you say to a girl， I want to go back to my place。😊，That phrase might make her feel sluty。

 Whereas instead， if you're like， you know what， I'm really enjoying hanging out with you。

 I would love to have one more drink with you in a place that's a little quieter and we can really get to know each other。

 That sort of thing， because you didn't say my place because you didn't imply that you're going somewhere where you can have sex or God forbid my bedroom。

 If you avoid saying those kind of things。 you understand her psychology。

 you understand how to allow her to have a good experience without being sluty again。

 one it enhances the experience for her。 But two， it conveys you've been there before。

 It conveys you've had positive feedback。 and that makes her more comfortable。

 more secure in her decision。 Okay so understand how all these characteristics of an attractive man。

 they're really coming back to showing that you've had women before。

 showing that you've been attractive and showing that you're that type of guy。 All right。

 so throughout this entire course。 every single technique we're gonna to talk about。

 it all comes back to that。 It all comes back to conveying these attractive qualities in sometimes very over ways。

 sometimes very subtle ways。 But that's what it's all about。😊。

