# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：白天GAME 热身：分解#2【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

This is a set that does not open particularly well。 This is in Las Vegas， two girls。

 and they're initially very negative。 And even throughout the entire set， I。

 I never really am leading or or completely on the front foot。

 But this is a good example of just being persistent。

 pushing through and being high value enough that it can work out regardless， so。I guess just watch。

 Hey， hey， I know， I know。 I know。 Hey I'm sorry。 I'm sorry。 I'm sorry No's， it's just me。

 It's just me。 not Christ， just me。 I'm sorry。 I'm sorry I'm sorry。 It's a little's a little extreme。

 Hey， just todd。 nice to meet you。 Nice you。 You are。😊，And。

I wouldn to tell you guys that you're absolutely adorable。

 I'm sorry that the main means in which I got your attention was a little shocking。

 I noticed that So a few things there。 obviously the initial reaction was not positive。

 that doesn't necessarily mean you did a bad open though especially when the initial reaction is just surprise or shocked or whatever。

 every now and you're gonna into a negative reaction。

 especially the more polarizing or the more you are interrupting them， know。

 sometimes just gonna happen the key thing to remember in a situation like that is to to keep your own frame and to remember that its normal and for people to talk to one another。

 and that you didn't do anything weird。 if you believe you did something weird。

 then they will believe it as well。 So even though I apologized profusely sorry sorry sorry sorry't have that reaction etc。

 I didn't apologize and say I'm sorry， I'm a bad person， or I'm sorry。I did something wrong。

 It was just， I'm sorry。 I didn't know you'd have that reaction。 That makes sense。

 So I apologize for them。 I apologize for the situation。 I never apologize for myself。

And that's very key。 So I'm not justifying myself。 I'm not saying I did something wrong or that that I messed up in any way。

Et cetera。 The frame is what I did is normal and natural。 It's weird that circumstantially。

 it shocked you， but we'll get back， we'll get past thatca we're cool people。 Yeah。

 absolutely lovely。 And I just wanted a couple seconds slash maybe minutes。 Allright。

 to meet you and find out if you're as cool as your looks suggest。 Where do you work。

 Where do I work。 I run a business here in town。 you。😊，A public speaker。

 So I do like life coach and self hoping。 Now， this is a super awkward place to be stopped。 But I am。

 I am glad to have gotten them stop， right， But if this were to continue in this。

 in this place for a period of time， I'd want to move them somewhere。 But yeah， it's just awkward。

 right， the approach itself was， it was a little rough。 It was a rough landing。

 They were about to walk into a store。 So there's a lot of things working against me。

 There's a lot of things that are not ideal。 But game doesn't have to be picture perfect to work。

 So you just muddle through and do the best you can。😊，I and self help speaking。

 and then I travel to other cities on the weekends and do out there。

Just making sure you were a host for boater host promote I'm not upseelling anything right now I'm not trying to bring you to any if I were to try and bring you to a clothing because I'm there and I'd like to see you there myself personally not because of me getting paid for your head so to speaks I know you guys probably get that a lot when you're out hu。

Yeah， okay， far enough。 feel like I never。 You know exactly how that works。 No， no no。

 I The only thing I have to offer is love affection and friendship。That's all I got。Sorry。

 you just just the wholesome what you want actually cause that would be like a good story for my day I be like。

 you know what。 go ahead。 So we missed that she said she。

 she almost punched me like when I opened her。 So I'm like， yeah， that would be fun。

 That would be funny。 That would be interesting。 And I think that's a good frame。

 A good frame is like it's all an adventure。 It's all fun。😊。

A lot of what you'll notice that I do that gains attraction。 that gains me value。

 It's not that I say like the craziest wittiest lines or that I like do like this shock humor or anything like that。

 I I will occasionally。But it's mostly that。I have an idea of what the right frames are for a man to have。

 what a sexually attractive man thinks like。 And every time I convey that that's my thought process。

 Every time I convey that that's the philosophy I'm coming from， that makes me attractive。

 So when the girlss like， I almost punched you in the face on the， on the open。 when I'm like， well。

 you know， that would have been interesting。 At least I have a good story。Right， that's the。

 that's the sort of abundance mentality and the like nonreactive。 I don't care kind of mentality。

 Then an attractive man would have right if she's like almost punched you on the on me when you talked when came talking to him。

 I I'm so sorry。 I didn't mean to offend you。 That's like the low value too much kind of like beta acquiescing kind of guy that you don't wantan to be。

And then if you got all angry about it， that'd be too reactive。 like， what the fuck punched me。

 right， unless you're joking for a second， then that would be okay。

 But if you actually seriously had that frame， then that would be， that would be bad as well， so。

Developing these frames is not the easiest thing in the world。

 but just trying to remind yourself of them。 Re yourself that you're enough。

 remind yourself that you're bringing value to the table。 Remind yourself that there are， you know。

 a billion or3 and a half billion women in the world， so。Yeah， just have have those attitudes。

 And when you have those thoughts in your head and keep repeating of yourself and remind yourself of them。

 it will come out naturally in your words。 And that's when you're gonna start to convey that you're a high value guy without even trying。

 It is what it is。 though。 That's what it is。 but no I'm curious about you。

WeI don't only hear anymore。Oh really， she lives here。 She're just visiting her。

It how long going time for。TodaySo Monday， Monday。I work up。 That's one of my cities。

 I do New York's my most， most common L A here。 obviously I live here。

 And then in London would be after that Now this one。

 I'm not really sure which girl I've chosen as my target。

 my guess is I think they're both relatively cute。 My guess is I've chosen the one that's not local as my target And I'm gonna switch if that's the case。

 or it's possible I hadn't chosen。 I was just like trying to get like into the set because it was such a hard landing。

 but any case， I'm gonna choose the local girl because it's more plausible for a couple reasons。

 one because if I'm gonna get a number and follow up then that's more likely to actually be a valid number that I can follow up with within a decent window but also because she's more likely to be the leader in the group when a friend's visiting another friend from out of town。

 the local one who's showing another girl around is more likely the one that's gonna be central to you being able to make plans。

 So those would be my reasons for for either switching or。in this case。Yeah， those are my friends。

 yeah， yeah。嗯。What do you what are you doing tomorrow？I don't know what are you guys doing tomorrow。

 What are you up to？We tomorrow， not night during the day。 I'm busy tomorrow night。

 What are you guys doing during the day tomorrow。 I would love to take you guys for brunch。Brunch。

T is fresh。Like two or3， I don't get up before noon personally。

At 130 so like how long they'll take it depends what you're doing。

 like you're doing colors and everything or so like four of them。F o'clock， Weston， let's do brunch。

 the three of us。W here would you like to go to bridge Western？At the West， it's， it's on。

 I feel like， where is it。 It's， it's on， it's on flamingo。 And so the whole like， the whole like。

 bringing them both out thing。 Obviously， I'd prefer to get the one girl out alone。

 But it's just more plausible。 They can come out together。

 especially if the ones visiting the other one。 And I always know that。😊，Firsts of all。

 it's better to have them in person than over the phone。 But secondly。

 I always know I can bring a wing man。 I can call someone up。 I。

 I can make something good happen with the scenario。

 So I just w to make it as workable as possible whenever you're dealing with logistics。

 dealing with phone numbers， dealing with getting a girl out。

 It's vital that you just get her in your presence。 right You can do a lot of good work。

 once that happens， Like roughly Cova， between Las Vegas and Cova， them and go。😊。

So it super's pretty close。 I live pretty close to here。

 so it's pretty close tos in between here and。And kind of where I'm ats a hotel the Westton Yeah。

 it's's a hotel it's in most cities its high end hotel in this city it's a city hotel because there's so many actually really。

 really amazing hotels but。Yeah， yeah， it's not bad。 Re me， I'm sorry。

 I because of all the the shock and whatever time guys actually seem quite chill like you chill I didn't try and kill you。

 How else was I supposed to get your attention。 I just gave you like the world's lightest establishment of the show was like hi it wasn't exactly that wasn't exactly like a ninja move as far as like I didn't like break out like the stands and like throwing stars did heaven。

😊，Yeah。I just hear a chabb with my friends。Let's do this be。Okay。

 now this sucks this moment right here。 I'm just about to like， potentially close。

 it looks like it's going well。 And then she' like distracted by her friend， distracted by shopping。

 whatever。 And she just like， walks away， right。Now。

 this is an interesting moment because a lot of guys would just give up right there。 They're like。

 oh， shit。 She doesn't like me and use that as an excuse to leave。 Use an excuse to walk away。

 And that's the last thing you w to do。 right， You need to， you need to just have faith in yourself。

 Like walking away is。Game over， right， there， there's no upside there。 So even if there's。

 there's any chance she likes you at all， assume that she likes you。

 assume that it can go somewhere and be persistent。 But also being persistent。

 you may think of it as needy， and it is a little bit， but it's also entitled。Right。

And that's how you should think of it。 You should think of it as like， I am a worthwhile person。

 she should be talking to me。 And if she spends more time with me， she will。 So just go do it。 right。

 also trust that even if you are a little needy and lose a little bit of value that you have enough value that over time。

 the more time she spends with you， you'll get whatever value you've lost back。

 So you want to reengage her， but you want to reengage her in a natural way that doesn't look try hard。

 etcter。呃。Nice friends。Do have to。Hey， hey， hey， I do have to go with my friends pretty soon。

 No because I always like pised at me。 But you just right， So a little needy， yes， but also entitled。

 right， It's like if you're。😊，🎼If you're sitting at a restaurant and your waiters not bringing your food。

 right， calling the waiter over， is that needy， is that just like entitled。 I like， hey， hey。

 what's what's going on with my food。 What's up here， I don' I don't want know。

 I'm an important person。 I don't wait。 So needy a little bit entitled more so。

 And how weird and awkward are be if I stood over there for like 30 seconds or a minute and didn't reapproach then it would be weird and awkward So just go be entitled take the assumption。

 assume the frame that she's already your friends， she already likes you。

 it's normal for you to con whether there is normal for you to interact。

 let's all go a friendly brunch。 See if we enjoy each other's company。 And if we do that great。

 if we don't then we all had a decent meal。 Allright， sound good。😊，I guess what's your number。

 but let's plan on four o'clock tomorrow in case we need to change it up， we'll do that okay。Okay。

What do you do you work actually， by the way。开工。I have to have to entertain clients a lot。

 so I have to take them out to clubs。🎼What what kind of clients are you entertaining at the club。

 My left coaching clients because I have a lot of people that have like like social anxiety or like they don't have like fear of like communicating with people and stuff。

 So I don't work for the clubs I don't make money bringing people there。

 but I have to take people out and make them like get out of like push their comfort zone or talk to people or like change go to night。

 That's kind of brutal shocking off I get It's like。It's like how little birds learn to fly。

 you push them out of the nest and if they don't fly， they land。对。啊。🎼All right。

 did you remember my name or was that lost in the shle as well。 perfectfect。 Yep， All right。

 yourself twice。 I know， I'm very proud of my name。 I have to get it out there， my。😊。

Strategy for a date is I want to be able to spend enough time with the girl that'll be hooked。Yeah。

5 hours or something like it。 So 4 o'clock， by the time it's been 5 hours， it's only 9 o'clock。

 there's no reason for her to leave。 If you schedule a date at 10 PM， then， you know。

 by two hours in it's midnight， you're just starting to really like each other。 And then， you know。

 who knows from there my game。Can be slow。 It's very， very efficient。 It's very， very effective。

 It's very， very predictably works， but it can be a little like slow in terms of it's a very gradual build。

 And what I don't want to have happen is I'm just building。 I'm just getting to that critical point。

 And then it's like， they have to leave for work or because it's 2 AM or whatever。

 So I do prefer to date earlier in the day。 I would probably do a drink more so than eat if I could。

 But yeah， I'll be fine with it。' be fine with it。 Whatever you got to do。

 The whole thing is get get in your presence。 text my name right now let's plan on。

 plan on brush tomorrow。 good。 I'll talk to you。😊，As well。

So that's good as as good as you really can in that situation。

 I could have maybe tried to like pull them both， but the vibe wasn't really good enough。

 And the friend was very distracted。 So I think in that case， going for the， you know。

 the number before， before it becomes rude that she's ignoring a friend。

 And the fact that she wasn't super receptive and me was probably about as good as it could go in that particular case。

