# 27、托德 《白天游戏》：6. 如何接吻：3 如何接吻内场演示【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

Al right， so now I'm gonna to show you three examples of me going ahead and kissing girls one is straightaway in the daytime right off the approach and then the other two are in more instant date date type scenarios and remember that's when I'm more often will go for the kiss is in those type of scenarios So you have the one sort of quick kiss in the mall you have the builtup kiss on the date and then you have one where I do a buildup and then I actually do the gangster as I've outlined before So let's have a look at all of those。

NZ， N， this is you。Would you like to be enticed to come to Vegas by acu bullet or would you like to say like it was a fun time and that's a absolutely example？

So grand， that's okay， everybody just assumed we're together。Okay。

 you like you look like my new girlfriend。Do you want to add me or yeah， I can add。

I'm glad they't your fault I'm sorry you had them sucks。

 I was in a carant about a year and a nap ago kind of sucks as a minor。

 but like it's still like my back was a little messed up for like， you know， a couple months。Yeah。

The first one was in my ash。Which。Takes me off。I never had an accident in that car and I bought a brand。

So it's like it was like pristine and I was like ruined。Pretty much。

And then the second was like exactly a month later in my rental car。

That suck and the guy had no insurance。え。Yeah。That's really messed up。I'm sorry。

ICan't do anything about it。I dealt with it。点事呢。It Ser。 I'm sorry about this， okay。楽しく。

That girls room。I their phone。So I have to chat things。

I run a few company so most of the time like it's not a big deal。

 but always have to and most of the time I don't even bother responding but every once in a while it'll be something like catastrophic I's always have to give it like the quick check and that I can ignore it like you notice I'm not like sitting there like texting the whole time but I'm just giving you a hard time。

Okay。I don't care you're all explaining here。看能帮。I'm going seriously。

 we're like a fucking pain in your guys。真个 like。Your cock。I know。

I don't know if I like the pen in the ice， I like your confidence though。

I do appreciate that I've met way too many girls that are not nearly confident enough and can like they just lose their shade around me。

 so I'm glad that you can like handle yourself。Well， I can hold my own。就把这个。ば。T。So you now。

I'm not in it's not because of you。I wouldn't。Look I'm glad you feel relaxed， that's a positive。

There cool。Better than being backward。Which is good。I do。😀Yeah。

I was supposed to say thank you again you and there will be no ideas between you and I anytime so thank you no no no。

No， yeah， no。Anyway， I apologize for my forness， I just felt you needed to be woken up。email。

That's right。You know it's funny， you say so many things that I should find objectionable but I actually really like。

 that's weird what do you mean。You actually cross over into like all these like stereotypes of things that I typically don't like but you say them in such interesting ways and you're actually cool about them but I actually like it from you it's very weird I don't understand what you mean can you say can you explain and give me an example Obviously this was a good example。

U。Where。Okay， like for example， like。でこ。Most people that I've dated seriously are like extremely。

Like extraordinarily like smart and like successful and like' like like bookish almost and stuff like that。

 which you're definitely smart。 You're definitely like not dumb。

 So don't think I'm like I'm not saying you're dumb by any means， you're definitely not a dummy。

 But like you're not like your topic。 your choice of conversation topic is not of the same like intellectual nature。

 But you actually discuss things in a very interesting way， which I enjoy。

 So you say all these things that I'm like， if I was to be like， so after date if my friend was like。

 what if you talk about everything， you talk about this business if you like that girl sounds like a total di。

 But the funny thing is you don't completely sound like a di saying it。😊。

Those brothers talked about Byzantine art。Oh well there you go， Byzantine art。

 if I knew anything about Byzantine artshire。We take our history。So you know what， you're so right。

 like I'm like this crazy juposition between two worlds， like I'm smart and I'm dumb， right？

I really am， no， I know that I am。And。Yeah。Okay。I told I just forgotten。But。

 I said I don't even remember it that you didnt try to。orJust you Now。

 the biggest lessons I want you to learn from this are from the first one， just go for it。

 But from the other ones I want you to learn to build that tension。 Learn that you can， you know。

 get yourself in that state， do the triangular gazing。 Imagine， you know， sexual things and。

 and make no apologies for desires as a man。 do that phase shift。

 That's the key to getting the kiss is putting yourself in that state of mind first。

 and then noticing when she's open to it。