# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：01.内心游戏-基础谈话【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼。Alrighty， good morning everybody。It's good to see you all again。So today。

 I've got an action packed half an hour to basically install as many awesome mindsets as possible。

 so。I really want to get into that as fast as possible。

 because there is a lot of content that I want to get through。Now，1st of all。

 I want you to just congratulate yourselves for the fact that you really have。😊，Survived in life。

You know， you， you've done a lot of amazing things to learn how to be here today。 And in that sense。

 you've already sort of won。 Youre already in a successful evolutionary。😊，Men。

And this is something to start to appreciate。 It really is because then it starts to reinforce your learning。

 It starts to reinforce the ability that you can be open to this process。So I just wanna。

 first of all， give you the appreciation that not only have you learn to survive。

 now you've learn to be curious about the world， which is a really big thing。Yeah， curiosity。

In terms of this work could have a number of different forms。

Maybe you're curious about getting this stuff with women handled。

Maybe you're curious about facing your fears and your doubts。

 Maybe you're curious about improving your lifestyle and how you fit into the world in some way。

Maybe you're curious about other things as well。Is anybody curious about those things I just mentioned？

Yeah。And they're good things to be curious about because they start to drive you。 They start to。

Pull you towards something more interesting。 The beautiful thing about questioning。

Is it opens you up to find answers。 You start looking for evidence。

 You start looking for information。So I think Tony Robin said it， but it's a very good thing。

 which is the quality of your life is a direct reflection of the quality of the questions that you ask。

And I think that's very true。It's probably not even Tony Robins。

 There's probably some other master before him said that， but it's pretty cool。Now， as you know。

 I've been in a game coach for a very long time。 I've been doing this work for 10 years。

 and I've looked at a lot of different things out there in terms of systems and ideas and what works and what doesn't work。

 And I've done my best to really refine that down， especially in terms of。Seduction， lifestyle and。

 and becoming the man that you really desire to be。

So my passion is really helping guys to find their way along this path。

And that can mean a lot of different things to different guys。

 But there are definitely general principles and general things that are going to help you to put it all together in some way。

没有。The thing that I really love about in a game， is。😊，That in its true form， it's very practical。

Even though it's about mindsets and a lot of people think doesn't like what what is in game got to do with。

 with life。 Well， what you think and what you feel is what's going to dictate the kinds of choices that you make。

It's gonna dictate what kinds of possibilities you're open to。

 It's gonna allow you to be able to act or not act in certain circumstances and conditions。

 So in that sense， the， the inner game is really the first step of the outer game。

 And they're all part of the same thing。 So recognizing them as one unit is a very important thing。

Now， there's two things I want to start off with that are basically traps。Now。

 these are the things that we see most often cause guys the biggest pain in their lives。Now。

 the first one is something that you probably wouldn't think is such a major contributor。

To difficulties in life。And that is comfort。So comfort is an interesting one because it's。

 it's kind of deceptive in how it works。Comfort is really a slow killer。It's， for some reason。

 we think we need it。 We get educated that comforts a good thing。

But when you really think of the effect of comfort， you think of what it does to you over time。

It starts to set you up in a feedback loop where you assume that the things that bring you comfort。

 whatever that is。Become a necessity in your life。 They become something that is part of your routine or part of your habits or part of your construct of self that you need to maintain in order to be comfortable。

And what ends up happening then is that you start to protect those things。

 You start to get worried about those things being under attack from certain things。

 and you start to manipulate yourself unconsciously。

 as well as the world around you to try and keep those comfort zones in place。Now。

 that's a very natural normal tendency in terms of the personality structure。

 But it's something that if you want to be a powerful man， if you want to be an adaptive man。

 if you want to be an emergent man， you know， this， this kind of man with inner power。

 then you have to be breaking yourself out of those habit patterns as consistently and regularly as possible。

So one thing to think about is you have to shock the monkey。

You have to do things to keep the monkey on edge and kind of not really sure about what's gonna happen next。

And that's an interesting thing， too， because you can't necessarily strategically and directly set that up either。

 because then the monkey expects the shock。 And then it becomes a different thing。

 So you have to be a little bit tricky with yourself。And circumstances， putting yourself out there。

The big thing about comfort is it also stops us from just experiencing the world for the very reasons that I just talked about。

 because if you're living in an assumption that you need these comfort zones and things that make you feel sort of connected to certain habits。

 then what will happen is you won't be available to life anymore。

 because you'll be too busy trying to maintain and make life fit into the little box of comfort。

And I mentioned earlier in one of my other talks that one of the most powerful skills and keys to free yourself from this is allowing yourself to connect with a broader range of resourcefulness to realize that there's actually like powerful things around you all the time。

😊，And therefore， you can actually seek comfort in many。

 many different things and maybe even start to seek comfort in the unknown。

 seek comfort in the vulnerability， seek comfort in the possibility。Which at first。

 especially when you' first beginning to kind of come out of your little wormomb of comfort。

 that's quite difficult because you haven't really developed the kind of skill or resilience to cope with that just yet。

 But yet again， how do we develop skill。We practice。 We show up。 We experience。Now， that。

 that's the first trap。 It's comfort。 Can anybody relate to that one， by the way。Yeah， that's right。

 Comfort junkie all around。 Me， too。 Don't worry。 But that's why we need to be， like I said。

 be aware of it， because then we can start to counteract it。Second。Of the two traps is complacency。

Now， complacency is kind of part of the comfort spectrum。

 but it's a slightly different kind of thing。Now， what happens is we see a lot of guys that come into this。

 and they have developed a kind of a feedback loop in their lives。

And that feedback loop is that for some reason， they feel like they haven't got it or they're a little bit behind or they need to catch up。

 or they have to find their way to get it。 So they do this paradoxical thing of kind of waiting to get the next step。

You know， I'll just wait until I get the right information。 I'll just do the。

 do the thing that it's kind of indirect， but it's not really gonna get me where， where I need to go。

 But I'll do that for a little while。 And then maybe that'll give me the permission to do the thing that's gonna be the direct action。

Now， what does that result in。Waiting。Procrastination， that's right。

A very simple thing to think about is he， who hesitates， waits。And waits。 and waits。

And this is what we see over and over and over with guys is。

 is guys that have lived these lives of letting opportunities just pass by。

And those opportunities pass by for a day and then a week and then a month and then a year。

 and sometimes even decades。And then there's a kind of a sad story that starts to kick in。

 which is like， I've been wasting my life。What's the major thing that's been wasting in life。

The choice。To be sitting around and waiting for the right thing to happen。Now。

 this kind of idea of waiting for the right thing is， is poisonous。It's， it's a trap。

 And it's something that we kind of get fed in our lives， too。

 that somehow we're just gonna bump into the right person and it'll all be okay。

 or somehow we're just gonna work it out。 And it's one of the most， you know。

 dangerous things I think about being young is that when you're young。

 you think that you have this big， amazing life to live。 and it's all just going work itself out。😊。

And there's a truth to that in a sense that you do need time to mature and to take steps and to see you and feel and notice what's going on。

 But there's also a very real truth。To the fact that you need to start looking at building structures。

 you need to start looking at building pathways。 You need to start looking at setting up things in your life ideally。

 as soon as possible， as best as you can to benefit you as you move forward into life。

 So by the time that 10 years have passed， you've got something that's there。 You've got a structure。

 you've got some stability。 You've got a foundation。Now， that's obviously very important。

But the question is， but how do we do that， What is this， How do we do that。

 How do we counteract these two major traps of comfort and complacency。

 And that's really what I want to talk about today with you guys。

The way I see it in a game has two major sites。 And you could just say self development has these two major sites。

Now， there's the one half of the equation， which is facing your limitations。

 facing your limiting beliefs， facing the parts of you that basically say， no， I can't have it。

Because one of the reasons why you have complacency in your life and why you stay in comfort is because you've been told that you can't have what you want yet。

Certain things， circumstances， people， conditions in your past have said， you're not smart enough。

 you're not tall enough。 You're not good looking enough。 You don't have the right skin color。

 You don't have the right eye color。 You don't have the right voice tonality。 You know。

 there's something that's not quite right。So you start to believe that。 You start to feed that。

 And then that starts to become the reality that you're operating from。

So we want to counteract that by looking at the parts of you that are holding you back。

Focusing on the things that are not serving you anymore and doing the work that you need to strategically change them。

Because waiting and hoping is not gonna to work。 You have to employ strategic action。

 just the same if you've got a physical problem in your body， you know。

 you go and see somebody who's a medical professional who can help you with it。

 And sometimes you need surgery。 Sometimes that's the best option。

 So you go and see somebody who's strategically able to like go in， say this is the problem。

 We can fix that correct that。 make the changes。 And then you can move forward with more functionality。

So it's a similar kind of thing of doing surgery on the parts of you that need that work。

The flip side of that is to start to move towards what you love。 What is good for you。

 What is going to move you towards your outcome， Like， what is your objective， Who。

 who were you becoming， What do you want to really be in life？ And once again。

 there's no perfect answer to that。 That might be a process。

 Maybe you have more of a sense of that than some other people。

 Maybe you have less of a sense of that than other people。 But that's still a process。

 and recognizing that you're on that journey of moving towards knowing。Moving towards understanding。

 moving towards developing yourself。 So you can， you can become a creator。

 So this is about healing yourself and your past and， you know。

 dealing with whatever you need to deal with to fix the stories of the past， to heal the way。

 And then this is about moving forward with a constructive vision with an ability to make things happen。

 to move with intent。😊，So you can see how those two are necessary， okay。Now， once again。

 some people get stuck in the。 I need to fix it all the time。 Some people get stuck in。

 I'm just gonna fantasize about everything being fantastic all the time。 It's always a bit of both。😊。

You know， travel bomb said it so well yesterday when it's both and。

So that's something that's a principle that I want you guys to start to really think about a lot as well as part of this idea of operating as more high level operators is that you don't have to be either all thinkers。

 You can be both and thinkers。You can adopt the best of many different worlds and live in a paradox。

 because advanced level operating is a paradox。So， this is also about。

Getting in contact with the process， trusting the process， believing in yourself。

 giving yourself a pathway forward。Because when you start to trust the process。

 then this whole thing can start to unfold。 And we've been talking a little about that。 You know。

 you've heard that from various angles in， in different ways from， from all of us。

 And there is a definite process of faith。 And then you build the structure。

 and then you step into the structure， and you see what happens。 You know， you build the intention。

 and then you step into the intention with action。So it's really good that you do you in game stuff。

 And then you go out into the real world and you just sort of forget about it and let it do its thing。

 See what happens。 And then you recalibrate and get your feedback。

 and then you come back and you do it again。😊，So this is about getting honest with yourself， too。

Because as you get honest with yourself， you start to get clearer about what your ideal view is and how you're moving in the world。

And that's going to start to set the direction。 It's going start to align you to much more a powerful outcome。

Because when you've got an outcome， it aligns all the other pieces with you。

 It brings the whole system of who you are into a one focus。Which is much。

 much more effective than not really having a particular focus and just moving all the time。

 because if you move your targets。If you move your aim and your focus， then every time you do that。

 the whole system has to recalibrate to make sense of what those changes are。And that's a fine， too。

 But just recognize every time you do that， there's a lag。 Every time you do that。

 there's a bit of lost energy。 There's a compensation。 There's a time to catch up。没有。

What I want to do quickly with you guys is just imagine what it's like to go out into the future and connect with your ideal you。

So we did a little bit of this on the first day as well。 But now it's time to think about that again。

 So close your eyes really quickly。And as you close your eyes， I want you to go inside。

And imagine that you go out and you start to connect with the ideal you。The you that has。

Been cleaning up its past。That has sorted the stories out， that has healed what it needs to heal。

 and the you that has created the desired outcome。The lifestyle do that you wish to live。

 the kinds of health that you wish to have。What about finances， What about energy。

 What about spirituality， Think about the kinds of categories in your life that you would like to have and connect with that ideal you。

And as you connect with that ideal you really feel the tension between where you are now and who you're becoming。

And notice the gap and feel the bubbling possibility inside yourself。

Because where you sit now and that vision of you in the future does have a pathway that needs to be revealed。

 And you don't need to worry about the how or the what the path will reveal itself with each step as long as you keep believing in the energy and the possibility of this direction。

So maybe you feel like a kind of a bubbling， champagne， sparkling kind of energy around you。

 That's creative tension。 That's your。Creative power， wanting to manifest。

And you don't actually need to do anything with it。 You can just hang out with it。

 It's a magical essence。 It's like a magical fuel that you can hang out with and trust and work with。

😊，So I want you guys to just keep that with you and recognize that when you're holding this tension。

You are holding the potential for lots of different things。

And imagine what it would be like to hold the tension of being a natural。

 What is being a natural for you。Like， don't worry about becoming somebody that you don't need to be or becoming something that somebody else has told you to be。

 Who do you want to be， What's your version of being natural。

What would it be like to be your version of a romantic adventure？Your version of a spiritual warrior。

You know， maybe， maybe that's about business。 Maybe that's about travel。 Maybe that's about。

 you know， music。 Maybe that's about helping somebody do something。 Who knows。

Could be about a lot of different things。But hold on to that tension。 that possibility。

And as you do that， I want you to open your eyes and keep that with you。Now。

 that's one of your allies。That's something you can keep with you。

 And you can actually fuel that from a lot of different sources all the time。Now。

 this brings me to two very powerful mindsets， which we can call rules。Now， the first rule。

Is freedom。 The second rule is responsibility。So let's talk about them。Now。

 freedom can be summed up quite nicely， especially in the context of seduction。

 the way Jamie puts it。 the way James says。Make no apology。 Take full responsibility。

That's what freedom means。Now， that's a really simple little thing to think about。

 But that's the kind of thing you can unpack for years。

 I've been thinking about that many times over the years。 and it has has a lot of wisdom within it。

Now， what that means in practical terms is that you make no apology for who you are。

 You make no apology for being a man。 You make no apology for wanting to be true to yourself。

 for having a heart， for having desires， for going for what you want。In terms of seduction。

 it means you make no apology for putting yourself in front of a woman and saying， hi。

 I think you're interesting。 I'm curious about you。 I want to get to know you。I desire you。

You make no apology for taking your own destiny into your own hands。That's a very powerful thing。

You also start to。Own your vulnerability。You start to show up in the world as a human being， saying。

 here I am。As I am。And there's nothing more， nothing less。 It is what it is。Take me or leave me。

 I'm worthy， and I desire to be loved。 I desire to love。Now， as you move in the world like that。

 you start to move with much more authority。Because nobody can take that away from you。

That's your right to have that。To recognize the more that you give yourself the power to own that freedom。

 then the more people will respect that freedom。So it's like a feedback loop。Cleaning。

 cleaning up the rules around yourself so that you can be free。Now， of course。

 this is not meaning that you can just go out and do whatever you want。

Ca you're gonna get feedback as well along the way。

You're gonna go out and realize that if you just do whatever you want and it causes like conflict to others。

 then you're probably gonna end up causing mischief to yourself， cause difficulties。

So you have to be calibrated as well。 So there's a level of having respect in this process。

And working with the respectable part of this journey of being free。The other thing is。

 freedom will come from expressing freedom。So you have to choose freedom。

 Go out into the world and do social freedom。 That's what this social freedom piece is all about。

 You go out and you do things that expose yourself to a new possibility。

They move you in a way where you can start to thrive in the new energies and you'll feel thrilled。

 You'll feel excited。 You'll feel power。 You'll feel all kinds of good things as a result of having。

😊，The actions。That are affirming your social freedom。

So every time you go and wave at people and you say hello。

 Every time you go and talk to a girl that you desire to talk to and just have a conversation。

 or even every time you turn what could be a transaction into an interaction。

 you're starting to become a more social human being。 Talk to the person at the shop。

 sayy hello to the dormant on the way past。 Talk to the taxi driver for two minutes。

 Then have a little bit more openness to the world。

 Start to be focused on what is really gonna get you there。😊，Now。

 the next thing here is responsibility。Once again， we talked about this earlier。

 but response ability relates to your ability to have control over yourself。

To have a center inside of yourself that guides you that takes you where you need to go。

What this also means in terms of youre relating to women is that you take full responsibility for how you react。

And therefore， you start to control your energy， your intent， the way in which you move in the world。

 And that equals a lot more control over the outcomes。Also。

 it shows a lot of confidence in the sense that women will respect you more because you're being unreactive to their tendencies to want to test you。

 to protect themselves。 And in some ways， what you're doing by being unreactive and being responsible is that you're developing。

Confidence。In yourself， as well as showing confidence to her so she can start to trust you。

 She can start to let her walls down。Now， it's not always perfect。

 And sometimes you can't break through her resistance for various reasons， and that's okay。

But sometimes you can。 Sometimes all it takes is another 10 seconds of just being in there。

 being solid and being relaxed。You know， just sticking through there， just waiting。

To see what will happen if you can make something happen out of that possibility。Now。

 responsibility is also about adaptability， moving in the world with a function that allows you to flow a lot easier。

So， trusting that you can。Sit in the moment。Be with yourself and start to feel your intuition can guide you to the next step。

Now， that's not always perfect yet again， because you have to develop skills。

 but it becomes a feedback loop。 of you， you learn some principles and some theories。

 and then you go out and you take some actions。 You take some actions。 You see what happens。

 And at the same time， you try to keep your center。 You try to be responsible for yourself。

 receiving the feedback。 And then， of course， what happens。

 That starts to build more and more unconscious competence。

 You build frameworks inside your unconscious。 that eventually will just become spontaneous。

 They will just happen。 and you don't need to think about them anymore。 They just arise。

So it's the same with。Doing inner game work， you know。

 doing this kind of transformation work is you program yourself。

 and then you go out and you just see what happens。

That will start to give you that more adaptable edge， that intuitive edge。Now。

 I also want to move into the four core mindsets quickly。Because we've talked about the right， the。

 the right to freedom。 and we've talked about。Responsibility， which are two rules。

 two core rules of being that are gonna help you。 And if you apply those two。

 they're gonna help you to move forward with effectiveness。Now。

 there's also four core mindsets that I'm gonna talk about quickly。

 And the first one is confidence in leadership。 Now， confidence in leadership is something that。

You know， we all want。 Everybody wants to have a feeling of confidence and authority。

 But what is confidence， Confience doesn't arise from。You know。

 getting something confidence doesn't arise from， you know。Pretending to be somebody or。

 or doing some kind of process。Confidence arises from knowing that there's a larger thing that you're working with。

 Now， you already connected with your end outcome a moment ago when we did that future visioning。

 If you really put your heart into that and you start to give that power and you start to see how that can support you from。

 from now into the future。 Then you're gonna start to have confidence。

Because confidence is that knowing of the power of your outcome is much greater than the consequences of the。

 of the short term challenges or the sacrifices or the circumstances that you're gonna have to face to get to that outcome。

This creates that feedback loop。And also， one of the side effects of that is it makes you more of a leader because you start leading your way。

 You start leading your own path， choosing your vision and being able to move with more confidence and confidence。

This is also about releasing yourself from the idea of good and bad。You。

 there is no good and bad anymore。 There's just feedback loops of experience。

There's things that you can learn to adapt to。 And then you see the larger context if it's no longer A or B。

 it's。The the both and yet again。 But it's also， a third position of like。

 I'm learning from both A and B。 So it doesn't matter whether I experience A or B because both A and B are part of C。

 which is me。Growing， learning， seeing what I need to see。Becoming more confident。Once again。

 a very big thing to release yourself from is the tendency for dualistic， good， bad kind of thinking。

Now， of course， this is very attractive， too， because when you strive for。You know。

 success in your life When you move towards your intentions with power and with passion and with。

 you know， with， with focus， it's very attractive。😊，It shows all kinds of things。

 It shows commitment and discipline and and passion and purpose。 Those things are very good。 I mean。

 women love that stuff。 Even if you're not the end manifestation of that。

 even if you just have the drive and the ambition and the and the the wish and the dream。😊。

If she'll see that in you and she'll feel that in you。 And if it's genuine。

 she'll want to be close to that because she's smart。 Women are smart。

 They're walking around trying to get a good price on their ovaries， basically。 And if if。

 if they see， if they see a good investment， then they want to be close to that。

 So if you're a man that has。Good energy iss doing good things and is's helping the world in some way。

 Then she'll be like， I want to go on that right。 I want to be close to that guy。

 I want to see where this thing goes。😊，Women also love to be desired by a brave man who goes after her with boldness and not neediness。

 Now， yet again， how do we do that， Because it's such a feedback loop of wanting to kind of have women in our lives。

 but then not needing them。 Well， yet again， get tapped into your high purpose。

 get tapped into what drives you。 get tapped into something that's larger than then。

 then just the the the desire for women because women should be the piece of the pie yet again。

 But remember， three quarters of your pie needs to be not women。And then you can enjoy women。

 You can choose to have women in your life， and they'll probably even respect you more because you have more of an authority and ability to live the life that you need without。

Making them in the centre， which they don't necessarily want。 And if you do。Balls in a jar。

 which is not so good。 Or number two， they're gonna want to get away from you because they don't want that responsibility。

 They want to be LED。 They want to be under the influence of somebody that can take them on a ride。

 That's worthy。Now， confidence is not arrogance either。Confidence is about。

Being somebody that is able to take a back seatat and allow other people to have a place in a role when they need it。

You know， confident men don't become confident by cutting other people down。 That's not confidence。

 That's insecurity。 That's like， that's domineering arrogance。So drop that。

 forget about trying to cut people down。 mean try to cut out those negative tendencies。

One of the things we do in workshops is we always create a container of supportive Brotherhood that's based on vulnerability and authenticity。

So then there's honesty where people can grow。 It's not based on like， where the boss。

 you're the student， you do what we want。 And that's how it is。 Well this guy's more alpha than you。

 So therefore， he gets better results。Because that's not going to help anybody。

So we want to create a container where the best possible growth is possible。Now。

 next powerful mindset is positive expectation。Moving in the world with a sense of being able to look at the world with positivity and expecting good things to happen。

 So that's like a positive intent。😊，And it's also a mind frame of entitlement that you deserve good things that does good things will come to you。

 that your heart feels and knows that good things are part of your life。😊，Now。

 how does that work Well it starts to create a feedback loop in your unconscious。That。

You will find those things。 You will create those things。And because of the。

 the power and the ability of your own perception and your own creative functions inside of you。

 if you set them to be looking for the right things and to be moving towards your， your desires。

 then they will help you achieve that。 You develop your own， like inner success team， if you will。

 your own inner success habits。😊，So one of those things is positive expectation and entitlement。

 And once again， that might seem like a funny thing to begin with。

 And it's sort of hard to get your head around if you're not used to it。

 But what that means is start to find the parts of you that are that collapse that going into negativity that indulge in。

In depression and， and frustration and start to correct them， start to heal them。

 start to give them what they need so they can resolve themselves。

 And this is might be a moment to moment practice。 too， You have to catch yourself doing it and say。

 that's not what I want。 It's not taking me where I need to be。 Reframe that。

What do I really want to go， What do I really want to create。

And then you start rewiring the circuits。 You start changing the way you feel。

 You start changing the map。 and therefore， you start changing the way you interact with the territory。

So one of the best ways to develop positive expectation and this。

 this ability to have entitlement is by pumping a lot of good emotion through your body。

 by using a lot of positivity。😊，Now， there's a lot of ways to do that。 You can move in your body。

 You can dance。 You can do stuff that's gonna physically express good energy。 I mean。

 you can listen to inspiring music。 You can watch inspiring things。

 You can have inspiring conversations with people。 You can go and do things that make you feel exhilaration and make you feel alive。

 You can think about things that make you feel positive。😊。

What positive memories have you had in the past。How can you indulge in them。

 How can you let them start to fuel you。Because if you can get all this stuff aligned inside yourself。

 if you can be aligning your imagination with your physicality。

 as well as knowing that you're in the moment being who you need to be。

 then you're gonna start to really just like fire up the whole system in a very， very powerful way。

So the next thing also is that it starts to create abundance in your life as well。

 So positive expectation will create abundance。😊，It will create more of the kinds of things that you want。

 And yet， again， that's a feedback loop because those who believe that they will get what they desire tend to get what they desire a lot more。

And one of the ways to do that yet again is to have positive， abundant expectation。

 That's what abundance is all about。 So be grateful for where you're at right now。

 Like really grateful。 do your best， is really feel like。

 what does it feel like to have a joyful heartfelt positivity in yourself。😊，About the moment。

 and then start to generate that into the future。 What's it like to have a joyful。

 heartfelt positivity about the things that are gonna come next。😊，You know。

 maybe you haven't had the great success you want yet。

 But what if you could start to be grateful for that anyway。And then what does that tell your brain。

 This is maybe possible。 I feel pretty good about this。 You start to be more playful about it。

 You start to approach it with more resourcefulness yet again。😊。

So use that abundance mentality because it's a very powerful key。Now， the next one is open sexuality。

 because men that are really good with women are open sexually。 They don't judge women。

 They don't slut shame women。 They don't look down upon sexual behaviors as being like deviant or negative or whatever。

 unless maybe it's got somebody is really damaged in the process。 But it's tendency。

 a tendency towards open sexuality is all about curiosity about recognizing desire and pleasure and human sexual fantasies are all really natural normal things and something to be appreciated yet again。

 Something to be learnt about。 something to be accommodated and supported。

Because if you're the kind of guy who has that kind of attitude。

 And especially once you start to open yourself up to your own sexual freedom and explore what's good for you。

 then you'll be able to support women into that as well。And that's a really big function。

 That's a really powerful thing that men can do for women is to lead them with support and with space to become more sexually open。

 to become more free， because women want that， of course。

 But they don't want to do it in a way that's going to make them feel vulnerable or shamed or like they're gonna lose something in the process。

So be open， be supportive。 Help them to find their way with that。And also work on your own sexuality。

 You know， learn to love your cock and balls， learn to love your body。 Appreciate your body。

 you know。Don't think about yourself in in any depreciating ways， yet again。Selfload。 very important。

Now， this also like gets， gets to this thing about getting into your honesty。

 being honest about yourself， going for what you desire and trusting in that process。

 because I mentioned that before。 And this is also gonna bring you into a kind of an alignment with your choices a lot more。

Because the truth is that you're always moving through life， making choices。Every single moment。

 you make choices。And these choices are always going be creating。

The possibility of what's to come next。 So the choices that you make in your life now are the things that are gonna define who you're emerging into becoming next。

So what food are you gonna eat today， You know， what kinds of activities will you do。

 What kinds of thoughts are you feeding yourself， What kinds of emotions are you allowing to be in。

 in your， in your mind。You know， are you going to approach that goal。

 Are're not gonna to approach that goal。You， are you gonna do that little bit of extra study or not。

 Are gonna push your boundaries or not。These things start to shape and change everything。Once again。

 Liam's already talked about this quite in depth， but it's one of the most powerful principles of understanding change in life is choice points。

Taking control of the ability that you have a will。 You have an ability to perceive the world。

 You have a will， and you can make a choice about how you're navigating through this kind of maze of possibilities。

So when you think about your choices and you're moving in the world。

 start to look at what are the consequences of these choices。You know。

 if you choose to stay in your comfort zone， if you choose to be more complacent。

 if you choose to do the same old stuff that you've been doing， cool。

 how you gonna feel about that in 10 minutes。He you gonna to feel about that in 10 hours。Or 10 days。

10 weeks，10 years。Is that taking you where you want to be。Looking back from your deathbed。

 you going to be happy with those choices？You know。

 or you gonna be laying there as an old man thinking， fuck I'm a dickhead。 I wasted my fucking life。

So start thinking about the choices that you can make that will take you where you need to go and just make them one at a time。

 You just need to make one good choice after one good choice after one good choice。

 because it's all just moments， on top of moments， on top of moments。

So get a harnessas on your choice points。 Get focused on your choice points。

And the thing I want to leave you with today is one powerful question， which is。

 what is your next level identity。Who are you becoming。And with that， I'll give you thanks。

 we finished up。 Thank you。