# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：02.社交焦虑【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼Over my career of coaching men around the world in seduction and dating。

What I've seen is that most commonly， there are two primary issues that men come to me in order to deal with。

 two things that they feel are holding them back back from achieving what they want with women。

One of them is conversation。 So the idea that they don't know what to say。

 running out of things to say。 Okay， this is a very， very common issue that guys， you know。

 they don't want to start a conversation because they don't really know where it's going to go。

 They don't know how to conclude it or how to make it interesting。But underlying that。

Is the more important issue。Which is。A fear or an anxiety about doing this。😰。

Because if you didn't have any kind of fear at all about meeting women。

 then you probably would meet them and you' probably met some guy or knew some guy in high school who just didn't seem to give a share。

If he wanted to go and talk to a girl， he would。 He wasn't always the best looking or the smartest or the most smooth。

 but he was the bsiest。And I know for myself， there you know there was a guy in high school。

 I remember well， who wasn't special in any way， but he just seemed to have this entitlement。

 He just felt like， yeah， I can go and talk to girls and at parties and try and Mac on them kiss them or whatever。

 And so he got laid a lot。Whereas guys like me who I'd considered myself to be an intellectual and someone who was artistic and had a lot to offer was very often alone。

 primarily because I was too afraid to go over to a girl or if I knew a girl too afraid to let her know that I was into her or if I did let her know it was often in a very indirect and kind of weak way by sending her a note or writing her a poem or kind of insinuating。

 possibly that I was interested or trying to be her friend and hoping that she'd eventually see that I was awesome。

 all of these common ways that men tried to avoid。Just presenting themselves as a romantic prospect。

And you see this all the time。 guys liking girls photographs and doing them favors and hanging out with them and pretending to be their friends for years。

 Sometimes all these indirect ways of trying to get female attention。

And most of them don't work at all， or if they do， they take a long， long time。

 and you miss a huge amount of opportunities in your life。The reality is that there had been。

A number， if not a large number of opportunities in your life。

 when a woman was interested in you or she was， at the very least， she was open。

If you had have gone over to her or if you had have said， hey， you know。

 do you want to get a drink after class or roll up to a girl on the street or that girl that was looking at you at the bar if you've gone over and just introduce yourself。

 you would have ended up having sex with her， you would have ended up in some kind of relationship。

 And that's kind of a hard thing to accept。 But this is the truth is that there are many opportunities。

 when women are interested， women are interested in men if they're single all the time。

 the girl who's single is walking down the street and she's checking guys out。

 And even even if it's just for 10 seconds。 she's thinking about it。

And she gets in a conversation with a guy somewhere。 And it'll cross her mind。 Oh， yeah， maybe。

 And then the guy doesn't make a move。 She's not going to make a move。

 no matter how equal women get in the overall society。It's very。

 very rare for a woman to make the first move。I've had it happen to me about three times in my entire life。

 and I've traveled the world。 I've been a musician， I've been。

In all sorts of very kind of high state of social circles。You know。

 I meet a lot of women through my work and through my lifestyle。 And yet， they never ask you out。

 even when they're really into you。 three times it's happened out of the many。

 many women that I've met and dated。So if you're relying on explicit permission on very。

 very overt signals from a girl， or if you're trying to insinuate yourself into a life through something indirect method。

 you are literally wasting your life。So with that understanding that this is not an effective way to do things。

 why are you' not going out and doing it right now， If you understand that， okay， theoretically。

 if I learn some ways to talk to girls and some conversation and then I ask them out on dates。

 it could work。 Why are you're not doing it all the time。And the reason boils down to。

Of fear and anxiety about approaching girls。 And this is commonly referred to as approach anxiety in the seduction world or social anxiety when it comes to just dealing with people in general。

 of course， including women and romantic prospects。

And so what I want to do in this next video is talk about this in some depth to start to look at what are the underlying causes of these anxieties and of course。

 to look at what are some of the solutions。The first thing to look at is， what are you afraid of。

Because let me propose this question to you。 If you live in a fairly busy town or city。

What is the one thing that you should be really worried about every day。

 What is the one thing that is likely to kill you。The most dangerous thing in your city。

And unless you're living in literally in a war zone or some place which where there's a lot of street violence。

The thing that is most dangerous to you。Is traffic。That's right。 Cars are very fucking dangerous。

 They whizz past a ton more of metal。At incredible speeds。 And very commonly。

 we stand inches away from them。away from hundreds of them as they zoom past us。

 and each one of those could potentially end our life if the driver does that。

 or if we kind of faint or trip over。 And yet。You would think if this was such a thing that were。

 you know， this is such an existential threat。 You would think that we。

 our fear response would be triggered every single time a car goes by because it is dangerous。

 And yet， most of us just stand next to cars driving past us at the， at the stoplight or， you know。

 as we're going walking down the street。 we don't even think about it。

And that's because we've been desensitized， We don't perceive it to be a threat。

 because even though we know cars kill people sometimes。

 maybe we don't know anyone who that's happened to。

 And we can't really get our head around the fact that it's a real threat。

 and it's happening so often that we just get desensitized to it。Because there's this idea。

That's proposed by some theorists， I guess， in terms of why a a man would be afraid of approaching a woman。

And the theory goes something along the lines of this back in the cavemans。

 which is a very simplistic way of describing pre agricultural humans。

We lived in small hunter gatherer bands， groups of some dozens to some hundreds， which is true。

And we did that in all sorts of environments and all sorts of cultural variations。

 But the idea was that if I， as a， you know， a hunter gatherer。

 walked up to one of the girls in the village and invited her for some mammoth back at my place。

 And she said， no， you suck。 you're ugly。 I don't like you。

 And then all the other chicks in the village saw that I'd been rejected by that one chick that they would all think that I was a loser。

And they wouldn't ever want to fuck me。 And therefore， my genes would be weeded out of the gene pool。

 I would be deleted from history。RightAnd so therefore， I have this deep， rooted biological。

Threat response to rejection from a female because if I get rejected by a girl。

 it could potentially mean the end of my genetic lineage。So that's the idea that therefore。

 this fear of approaching women is somehow rooted deeply in our instincts that it it's almost the back of our of our primal brain and that it gets triggered every time we see a hot girl and we think we might talk to her。

 that this fear response is going to pop up。 And if you believe that。

 then it tends to create a situation where you're going to live in that situation。

 you live in that circumstance forever。 If you believe that it's just something that happens to males。

 human males。Then there's not much we can do about that。Now， is there any。

 is there any truth to this theory， There may， There may be some elements of it， of course。

 with social animals。We are concerned about our reputation。 We are concerned about our status。

 We do check in and compare ourselves to other people。

 There is such thing as a dominantminance hierarchy within any society or subsoc。

 There are people who are perceived to be cool or sexy or successful and others who are perceived to be not。

So those things are realities。 and， of course， part of our life。

 part of our the emphasis of our life。He's trying to get significance and acceptance from those people who are around us。

We don't do very well by ourselves。 We're not solitary animals。

 it's very rare for someone to feel totally happy being some kind of secluded hermit。 We need people。

 We need friends。 We need family， We need lovers。We need collaborators。 We need you know。

 tribes of men or mixed mixed groups that we work on projects whether or we work in a company and so on。

 So yeah， of course， we are， we are definitely on a very deep level concerned about how other people feel about us。

However， we also have multiple layers of conditioning over the top of that。 We also have a very。

 very adaptable。Brain， and we have a very adapt ability to adapt to all sorts of circumstances。

As I was using the example earlier， we have all adapted the to the fear of cars whizzing by。

 and we've recognized that if we you know， get stressed out every time a car goes past。

 then we're going be freaked out the entire time。 and we won't be able to leave the house。

 And so over time， because we've gotten used to that。 even though it is potentially dangerous。

 we just kind of let it fade into the background。 And this is something that you can do with your approaching with women。

Initially， it can feel terrifying。And to the point where I've worked with students before。

 where their body freezes， where they literally can't get words to come out of their mouths。

Is this is how hard it seems to get past this initial fear。And I myself。

 when I first started going out and starting to talk to girls。

 the biggest issue was not really what to say， because once I got into a conversation and if she was friendly。

Even if my conversation wasn't great， I was probably just talking about the weather or the band she liked or her handbag or something。

 It probably wasn't a great conversation。 I can't remember all those initial interactions。

 But once there was a flow going， I felt kind of all right。😊。

It was the struggle to get over there and talk to her in the first place。

 That was the thing that took me， I would say years to really reconcile to get to the point where I'm at now。

Now， I still feel some of the same things that you will feel and that other men feel when they think about approaching a girl。

But I interpret those feelings very differently than you do and very differently than I did 10 years ago。

I'm going to get into that a little bit later， but I'm going to show you how to start to shift the way you perceive your own feelings and thoughts。

Because our thought processes and our emotional processes can be very powerful allies。

 and they can also be jailers。 They can also imprison us。And that unfortunately， is what happens。

Guys， you're walking down the street， you see girls。 And if you've come。

 if you've come across the idea that it's possible to go and approach a girl because you've watched them pick up videos or whatever。

You'll think， I I could go and talk to her。 I would like to。 She's so my type。And there she is。

 she's walking by， she's by self。She's not doing anything special。 She's walking pretty slow。

 I could do that， I guess。And you want to， you know， your instinct and we've talked about。

 you know our primal instinct， our primal instinct to go and fuck women to get it to you know have romantic relationships is far more powerful really。

 than our fear of like a girl thinking we're silly。You would think that that is the drive that keeps。

The human race going。 It's， it's the the drive that is。

LED men to go off and conquer countries and make great artworks and， you know。

 seek adventure and travel across the seas in rickety boats。 You know。

 all of this stuff where we're constantly going to try and。

Prove ourselves as a man and go and find women to fuck them， to fall in love with them。

 to start families with them and so on。 that， that truly is a primal drive。 And so we feel it。

 And yet， then this secondary feeling pops up as well， which is the fear。

The I'm worried about what's going to happen。So let's look at this a little bit because guys often come to me and they say。

 I've got a pro anxiety。I'm scared of girls。 And I go， I will。Firstly。

There are some people who do have clinical anxiety。 And that is that can be a very crippling。

 debilitating condition。 This is something that I'm not qualified to deal with。

 This is something that if you have that， you need to go and see a p psychologist or a psychiatrist or seek out some kinds of therapies。

 although。Many people I've worked with have come from a background of severe social anxiety and through the process of learning called approach as well as。

Doing therapy， learning meditation， learning different ways of。

changinganging the way they perceive their cognition and perceive their thought processes have been able to go from people who are scared to walk out of the house to guys that can go up and talk to anybody。

Most people can do that。 So if you're not someone who's suffering from clinical anxiety。

 then it's not a good idea to call it anxiety。So up until now。

 I've referred to this fear as approach anxiety。 And that's how it's commonly recognized。

But I feel that this is a bad label。 It's essentially giving yourself a condition。 And you say。

 I've got approach anxiety。 I've got that disease。And when did I get it， Well。

 the moment I saw that hot girl it flared up。 And now it's appeared。

 So I have this condition that's arisen， some mental， emotional condition that's arisen。

 And now I can't do anything。Right， because I feel scared。

 And how do I know I feel scared because I've got。😰，Palpitations in my chest。 my stomach is。

Tight in the knot。 My hands are sweaty。 my voice is choking up。

 I'm jiggling my legs and all these physical manifestations。

 And there's a feeling associated with I have an emotional response。

 And then there's thoughts that attached to that。 It's this big mess of me saying to myself。

 I can't do it。 And she's too hot。 I'm a loser。 I don't know what to say。

 she's probably got a boyfriend。 this probably doesn't work anyway。 You know， I'm not rich enough。

 when I get a car and a cool job then maybe。 And all of this stuff that goes on。 All these。

Bad life coaching advice that's going on inside our heads。

And then this feeling is attached to it where it feels bad。 and I feel small， and I feel undent。And。

 then my body's doing all this stuff at once。 And it all becomes this big mess。 And what do you do。

 You' back away。So when you back away from the issue， back away from the stimulus， which is the girl。

Then gradually， the feeling subsides in your body。 I guess the thoughts slow down and you come back to a resting position。

And there you are again。 So what's happened。 Girl walked by。 You wanted to talk to her。

 All this stuff happened。 You activated all this stuff。

 It then prevented you from taking the action that you wanted。 You retreated from the bad feelings。

 and then it went back into dormancy。 And now we've completed another cycle。

 a cycle of not following our desires of letting our fears。Take over and control us。And。

 unfortunately。For most men， that's the story of their entire life。Sure。

 most men will eventually get a girlfriend。 You know。

 sometimes they get lucky often with the help of alcohol when they， when that's why people drink。

 that's why people get drunk and take drugs。 because。

They don't feel that same bad feelings because they're inebriated some of those filters start to dissolve。

 and， and they get this false sense of confidence。 maybe they stumble over to a girl who's also drunk。

 and then maybe they wake up next together and next to each other and go， okay， that's my girlfriend。

 Yeah Maybe you've had that experience。 or you would know someone who has。

So people do hookah because the biological drive is so strong。

 because it does override aride fear eventually。 and because women don't always make it that difficult if she likes a guy and he's。

Badly trying to pick her up， sometimes she'll just let him。However。

 that's not why you started doing this course to have a very bland， boring。

 unpredictable dating life。You didn't go and investigate this as an art form in order to just。

Very occasionally get lucky or stumble into a relationship with the first girl that wants to be with you。

What you did is you came into this course because you wanted to learn to take control of your own seduction。

 dating life， your own sex life。Because you don't want to live in limitation。

And I presume because you don't want that fear to control you for the rest of your life。 And it will。

 if you don't deal with it。It doesnn't really change over time。Okay， you you keep going。

 doing what you're doing。 You keep getting what you're getting。

 You keep almost approaching a girl or thinking about it and then letting this wave of feelings and emotions and thoughts stop you from doing it。

All you're doing is reinforcing that habit。 What you're doing is you're reinforcing the idea that going and talking to girls is scary。

 painful， and you don't like it。Because it's like。You get， get the idea， you start to move towards。

 even if it's just in your mind， you move towards your outcome。

 and then this intensifies all of the fear and all the weird and bad feelings。

 And then as it's reaching its peak， you don't learn to move through it and allow it to dissolve。

 you back away as it's at its worst。And then that's just training you that going and even thinking about going to talk to a girl is painful。

 that trying to go over there and start something。 Let's say maybe you managed to。

 managed to go over and squeak out a hello。 And she gives you a funny look。 And then you're like。

 oh no， it happened there。 I'm humiliated。 She hates me。 I'm a loser。 And then I back away。

 I slink away。And then I feel bad about myself。 And then I've reinforced again the idea that approaching women sucks。

 that this is painful。 This doesn't work for me。 Maybe it works for some other guys。

 but it doesn't work for me。women are nasty。 women are bitchy or。Chicks don't， don't like nice guys。

 They only go for those cocky assholes with money or something like that。 right。

 You'll find a way to rationalize it。 You'll find some way to create a story that explains this position。

 and people tend to do that。 They will。 They are so attached to their limitations that they will create a story that justifies them。

I'm not saying that we don't have limitations。 I'm not saying that life is fair。

 I'm not saying that it's an easy prospect or an easy process to go through。 However。

 the people that get good at this don't hold those ideas。

 They don't hold ideas that talking to women is painful forever。

 that the women are out to cause pain and humiliation to men。

That they get off on that or that they are unworthy of women。They hold other ideas。Now。

 as I said before。It's not that when I go and talk to a girl， I feel supremely confident。 Like。

 I got this every time。 Yeah， I don't feel like that。 Occasionally， I feel like that。 That's nice。😊。

But very often， I feel all that same stuff happen in my body， particularly。

And I notice that my mind will sometimes want to jump up and。

Create an excuse or justification or that I my thoughts might turn inwards and start criticizing me in a way that's not helpful。

But because I've trained my mind and I've trained in this process。

 I've gone and approached thousands of women， and I've seen the results of what can happen， the good。

 the bad。I can very quickly step back and start to have a more objective position。

 instead of subjectively getting involved in this shitty story。 And that's what we do。

 We get involved in our little mind up here that's saying these negative things。 and we believe it。

 And we associate with it。 We think this narrative in my head， that's me。

This thing that I'm thinking is real。And perfectly true。 No other alternative is true。

And if I hold on to that， especially if it's a negative viewpoint。

 then I'll prove it over and over again。A little example， if you believe。That women go to bars。

To get free drinks。Bbici。And arrogant。And show the world how hot and， you know。

 awesome they are and to blow off men for sport。😊，Then you're not going to have very much success in bars because there's another type of guy who believes that women go to bars to meet men and get late。

RightNow which one of those is true？Objectively， neither are are absolutely true。

 and both can be true sometimes。Is it true that sometimes a girl goes to a bar to get free drinks。

 Yeah， I've met girls who even say I don't take handbags out my handbag out on Friday nights because I know I'm going to get free drinks？

Okay， that can be a thing。Do girls sometimes get off on the power trip of being able to go， No， No。

 I'm so hot。 Yeah， I'm sure they do。 And you probably would too。

 if you're a 21 year old girl and the world was， you know， giving you all this attention。

 you probably would be a bit arrogant about it。 Okay， That can happen as well。

 But is it also true that women go out at night to meet men and that they are sexual and sometimes they want to fuck them and go home with them。

 Yeah， that's definitely all also true。 So which one of these things is more effective to believe。

 That's what I'm interested in。 Which one of these thought processes is going to lead to better outcomes。

 because the guy that goes up to the girl thinking， well， girls go out to meet boys。

How is he going to communicate， He's going to communicate more confidently。

 He's going to not be on the defensive thinking she's going to attack him。 He's going to be friendly。

 He's going to be open。 He's going to be fliry。 He's going to be cheeky。 He might。

 He might not do it perfectly。 He might do it very badly， but he still has the good energy about him。

Then girls start to give him feedback。Positive feedback。 they laugh at his jokes。 They talk to him。

 You know， they allow him to touch， They touch back。 They accept the drink。 You know， they。

 they leave the bar with him and he gets reinforced in the idea that， yeah， okay， it's a good idea。

 And it's， it's a truth that women are interested in me。And yet。

 the guy that goes out on the street or in the bar or whatever with the mindset and the idea that this is a dangerous thing。

 It's dangerous to my ego， to my identity。 And if I believe all this biological stuff。

 it's even dangerous to my genes。And that women are my enemy in some ways or that they are my opposition。

 I need to figure out ways to try and break down their defenses and conquer them and that they're trying to trick me and get money out of me or get drinks or humiliate me if I go in with those ideas then I'll prove it to myself because you'll come across as needy or weird or aggressive or defensive and the girls won't give you positive responses and that will start to prove your position。

You can prove almost any position to yourself。 If you look around the world。

 there are all sorts of extreme belief systems that people hold as absolute truth。Religious ones。

 political ones， sociological ones， you know， ones about different races and different types of people and about themselves。

 And they hold these to be。Self evident。Unchanging truths。And as a result。

 they prove that in some way because they delete all evidence to the contrary。

If you ever tried to have a discussion with her。A very。

 very fanatically religious person about any element of their doctrine。They。

 they won't even entertain the idea that there could be an alternative because in order to do so。

 they would have to question their own faith。 And then if they question one thing。

 maybe they'll lead to questioning others。 And then that's they can't do that。And。

 but it doesn't have to be an extreme religion。 People hold extreme views about simple things。

 and men hold them about women。You can't meet a girl on the street。 Women don't like like me。 Yeah。

 women are always trying to use guys for money and status or whatever。 all these little beliefs。

That you hold to be perfectly absolute truths。 Many of them stop you from moving。

And so how does this relate to fear？ Well， we've got to look at what are we afraid of。What is。

 what is the fear， Okay， if I feel it。 I'm like， Im， I I anxious， I want to talk to the girl。

 but there's this thing inside me。 And it feels like I I'm terrified or I'm。

 I'm about to be humiliated。 What am I actually afraid of。😰，Well。

 here are some of the common things if we dig below the surface and figure out that men tend to be afraid of when meeting women。

The first and primary fear that men have when it comes to going and meeting new women。

Is a fear of judgment。The judgment of others。Now。When you stay in your box。

You don't receive that much judgment。 And what I mean by your box is the。

Area that you currently inhabit。And that area includes。The thing that you do， so your role。

 your studies， your work， your vocation， the people that you know currently， your friends。

 your family， your extended social networks， and the identity。That you have built。

For yourself and the and the identity that you perceive others see you as。 right。

 So they see you as a nice， friendly guy or intelligent guy or a competent worker or you know。

 a dutiful son or whatever it is。 You have all these different roles that people are kind of invested in you being。

And for， for all of us to some degree or another， we are concerned about keeping our reputation solid。

In being liked， respected。And of course， being desired。 But in order to be desired。

 particularly by new women， we have to go and put ourselves out of the box。

We have to act in a way where we might risk receiving judgment。 and that's where the fear comes in。

And that's the reason why most men never take those steps。

 Most men will never go and cold approach a girl。 They may kind of approach a girl drunk sometimes。

 or they may sort of indirectly approach a girl through their social circle。

 But most men on the planet will never take this big jump。

 which is a tragedy because it's not that hard to do。 And when you do it。

 you have infinite possibilities。And yet the thing that holds them back typically is this fear of being judged。

Now， what are you afraid of being judged as？This is where most of the men that I work with。

 I would call nice guys。Typically， I don't。Get men who are kind of brash and arrogant and aggressive in their。

 in their dealings with people。 I get a lot of guys who are sweet， sincere。Friendly， helpful， caring。

 you know， good people。 And that's， and there's nothing wrong with that。 Keep being a good person。

 But where a good person turns into a nice guy。Is when he is unable to actually express what he wants。

 He's unable to go and ask or take what he wants。And yet， he does want things。

 And so how does he go about getting them by being nice。And's how that's the strategy of a nice guy。

 I can't just go over and ask that girl for a date。

 So I'll have to pretend to be a friend and help her with her homework or do favours for her or listen to her winge about those bad points for months and years。

 and hope one day when she's drunk and vulnerable， I can move in on her。Right。

 nice guys are not very good at asking for anything。

 asking for promotions or raiseors or better working conditions or putting boundaries up between them and people who are trying to take advantage of them。

And as a result， they spend long periods of frustration where they don't get their needs met Or if they do。

 it's very slow and ineffective。 And other people who are better are just going， hey。

 can you help me out or I want that or hey， you want to go on a date， These people make much。

 much faster progress。So， the problem is that。A lot of nice guys are very invested in their identity。

 in the， the identity of them being all those positive traits。

And they fear that if they went out and started to operate in a more。😰，Boldd way。

That people would start to judge them as being something different。 And that is true。

 They will start to judge you with something different。

 but you'll be surprised that it won't necessarily be a negative thing。 In fact。

 if you have to do that in order for women to desire you。Overall。

 women are not attracted to men who can't express their intentions。

 Theyre not attracted to men who can't ask for or take what they want。

They're not attracted to men who have deep， deep insecurities and are not confident enough to express themselves。

 Now， as I've mentioned before， this doesn't mean you need to be perfect。

 You don't need to be super confident all the time。

 You don't need to be self assured in every area of your life in order to be attractive。In fact。

 that can tip very easily over into arrogance。 An arrogant man is always trying to prove that he's on top of everything。

 He knows everything about every subject。 He， he's always trying to boss people around and take the lead。

 even when he doesn't know where he's leading people， whereas a confident guy can take advice。

HeHe can defer to someone else's leadership if they're more appropriate in a situation。

He can go for what he wants， and then he can be rejected。From that and not have a tantrum。

 not crumble to pieces。 Often arrogant people， when they don't get what they want。

 they don't take it very well。So you don't want to be arrogant。

 You want to be a confident man in the sense that you're confident enough to go and take steps and risk being judged and risk rejection。

is the big fear is I will be judged as what？Crey。A loser。Unworthy。

These are the three kind of main categories。That a man is afraid that a woman particularly is going to categorize him as。

 she's going to judge him。She's gonna。See him for what he is。She's going to assess， you know。

 his looks， his dress， his body language， what he says。 And then she's gonna make a judgment。

 go lose her。 get out of here。Right， and then we're gonna feel shit about ourselves because you've invested all of this。

Emphasing in the woman's judgment。In fact， what you've done in that situation is you've given the right。

To a person that you don't know。Who really doesn't know you， can't know you in the first minute。

 first five minutes， first hour， they can't know you as a person and make a proper assessment on you as a human being。

And yet， we've given them the authority to make this judgment and to then deliver a crippling assessment of us。

 which is that we're unworthy。And this is the problem， is that。We。

 we feel all these sensations inside our body and in our emotions。

 There's all these thoughts that are associated with it。And we perceive that this woman。

 because she's beautiful， she， she's what we would perceive to be above our average attractiveness and maybe outside of our league。

 outside of the category of women that I've been able to get in the past。 if you perceive that。😊。

Then men have this funny thing where they think if a girl's hot， she's also perfect。 she's。

 she's got her shit together。 she's。Evolved human beings。 She's emotionally stable。 She。

 she her life's completely on track。 She feels awesome all the time。

 just because she looks very pretty in that dress。 The reality is she's human。 She has。

 She has her own insecurities。 Very beautiful women have a lot of insecurities because they're always being judged on their looks。

😊，And so they have to always pluck and iron and paint and work out their bodies。

 and they're to constantly be looking beautiful。 And they're always worried， Am I pretty enough。

 You know， how do I compare to that girl over there。

 Does this person like me as a person or do they just want to fuck my body， You know。

 there's all sorts of insecurities that men don't really understand that women have。

And all sorts of the normal human ones about what am I doing with my life， And am I a good person。

 And， you know， am I lovable and am I going to die alone， You know， Am I going to achieve my dreams。

You know， I feel anxious and scared about leaving the house。 All that stuff exists for women， too。

And yet men often perceive she's beautiful， therefore she's more or less perfect。

 therefore I'm trying to climb this hill to get up to this princess and what have I got to offer at the end of it？

I'm not worthy。And if I put my step out of my box and try and and attempt， she's gonna see that。

 she's going to assess me accurately and go， no， of course not。

 A woman like me would never be with a guy like you。

 What do you even think and get back in your little box。And when I put it out like this。

 it may sound kind of an extreme viewpoint。 But this is more or less the process that men are going through。

 They may not think it through every single step like I've just explained。 But thats。

 that's what happens。 You know， you see the girl。 She stimulates you。 You want to do it。

 All this stuff comes up and there's little voice is going shouldn't。 would never。

 She's too good for you。 Last time it was bad。 You're gonna get humiliated。

 She's gonna see that you're not awesome enough， that you're not cool enough。

 So just better back away and maybe we'll do it another time。

 And then you find yourself back in the same opposition。

The other thing that you're concerned about being judged as is a creep or a sleaeze。

So what does it mean to be creepy and sleazy？I'd define those two words creepy。

 sleazy as different types of of actions or men。A creepy guy actually is more like the nice guy who's trying to get laid。

😊，And you may have done this， I know I used to do this。Where you want a woman。

You don't have the balls or the audacity to just go over and。

Tell her you want her in some way to ask her out or just， you know。

 go and have a flirt and have a chat and put your hand on her leg and see what happens。

So you can't do that。 And yet， you still want the goal。 So what do you do。

 You start to pretend to be something other than a romantic prospect。

 You start to be friendly to her and try and help her out and do favours for her and all that nice guy behavior。

And yet， you want something。You act like you don't want something。 I don， I'm just a friendly guy。

 I'm a helpful guy。 I just wantanna， I just want to chat with you and whatever。 And。

 and a girl knows that the vast majority of the time when a stranger or a guy in her social circle is putting extra effort into her that he wouldn't just put into another person that he knows that it's because he wants。

去 po。At the end of the day， all of that extra helpful stuff is just a kind of slimy。

 sleazy way to try and get in their pants， and it is repulsive to women。

It's really important to understand this。 It's not endearing。It's not， you know。

 it's not gentlemanly。 It's not respectful。 It's slimy and sleazy。 And women feel it。

 They perceive it。 And I've talked to hundreds of women about this。 When I'm with a woman。

 I always ask， hey， have you got how many guys you got that are trying to get into your pants。

 And sometimes they'd be like， what， what do you mean， Well， I said， you know。

 you got some guys in your social circle or your work or whatever who are。

Trying to friendend their way into bed。 And then she starts telling me about a co or the guy at the uni or the the friend or the friend。

 It's always trying to do all this stuff for her and be super friendly and over， you know。

 walk home and。Pay for her Ubers and give her advice and all this stuff in a way that he doesn't really do to other people。

 not as much。And she knows， yeah， okay， he's， he's trying to get something。

It's like I'm trying to slip a contract in under。 I'm like， hey， I'm donating this stuff。

 but actually， I want something in return for that。 That's slea。

And you can experiment with ss if you want to see the results。By going up to a girl and saying， hey。

Do you， do you know where the nearest。N as coffee shop is or what's the time or asking your opinion about the drink list or something。

 And then， you know， having a chat about all this other stuff about her， you know。

 the fabric of a handbag or about a little doggy or about her six sister or whatever。

 And then at some point， try to go。 So anyway， do you want to get a coffee sometime。 You know。

 you and me and see， just look at the look on her face。As you try to shift it from like。

 I'm just that friendly guide and just trying to get a bit of sex out of this。It's not。

 it's not an attractive prospect。So， yeah， you will be judged that way。

 You'll be judged as sleazy if you try to be the nice guy trying to get late。

 That's unfortunately or fortunate， that's the way it is。

And you quite likely you've already been judged as this。 And in this case。

 it's fairly accurate because the reality is you're not being honest。 you're not being clear。

You're not actually trying to be her friend。You're acting like a friend in order to try and get a sexual relationship。

 which is a very dishonest thing to do。 And so she will judge you as as a dishonest person in some ways。

 And this can be a kind of a shock for some guys because they're like， no， I'm just a friendly guy。

If you， if you're having that reaction now， start thinking。

 do I act like that with every with the old lady crossing the road with all my cos， with my friends。

 with my family。With every other person I'm not trying to have sex with。If that's the case， O。

 you're awesome。 You're just a really lovely person。😊，But do you do different things。

For people that you're trying to get something out of。And to some degree， we all， I mean。

 if I smile at you， I'm trying to get a smile out of you。 It's not that we don't trade things。

 I understand that， yes， there is reciprocal trade involved in most human interactions。

 but if it's really like I'm trying to do this stuff to get something back。

Then you're on the wrong track。On the other hand， we have creepiness。 Now。

 this is kind of the opposite。 This is where I have unfiltered sexual attention to a girl。

And I'm not receiving any。 I'm not receiving the feedback she's giving to me。

So all girls have had experiences where they've been at a bar and a guy's drunkenly just checking them out。

 leering out them and， you know， just creepily checking them out。 And， you know。

 maybe he comes over and says， hey， look fucking sexy tonight。 This is how I do in Australia。

 That's what I'm doing my Australian accent。 You fucking great tonight。 And she's like， oh thanks。

 And he's like， And then he keeps on pushing with this。Overt kind of sexual attention。

 which is objectifying in a very bad way。 It's okay to objectify women in some ways。

 If I go on a date with a girl， I meet her and I and I give her a kiss and I hold by hand。

 I look her up and down and say， wow， you look spectacular tonight。 I'm objectifying her right。

 I'm looking， you are a sexual object。 You're a woman。 And I like it。

 But that's a good way because I'm showing my appreciation for her。 she dressed up for me。

 She's come out。 she wants to be a sexual object in some ways。

 particularly if she came to me to agree to go on a date。

 So I don't want to be all formal and just like shake her hand and go。

 nice to see you again and shall we and you know， act like she's a business client。

So there's a good way to objectify women。 But if I'm just projecting just sexual intention at the girl or I'm following a girl or'm whistling at her or I'm you know。

 yelling out at her or just making crude comments。 And then I see that she's uncomfortable。

 and I don't back down。 And I keep applying more and more of this sexual intention。

 This sexual interest。 Then yeah， I'm a creepy。creepy szeball， right， So this is。

 this is not what we want either。 Of course。 And this is。

 this is what men are worried about being seen as creepy， sleaezy， slimy。EBy women。

 if we go up and try to make something happen。 But this is a gross misunderstanding of the way women perceive men。

On the one hand， yeah， there will be timess where if you go and approach enough girls。

 you'll go up and girls will think all sorts of things about you。

They probably won't think it for long。 That's one thing to keep in mind。

Do you remember a person that you met for one minute a year ago。Probably not。 You。

 Do you remember the bum that came up to you on the street and asked you for a dollar。3 weeks ago。

 probably not。 Do you remember the person that you bumped into in the crowd and they said， sorry。

Yesterday， probably not。 If you go up to a girl and you say， hey， saw you look great。

 what's your name and she goes， sorry， I've got to go and she walks off and you go， man。

 that was bad。 Oh boy， she thinks I'm a loser。Maybe she did。 Maybe she thought， that's a bit awkward。

 I didn't want to talk to him。Maybe she thought that for that length of time。

 And do you think she walked around thinking about that for the rest of the day or the next five weeks。

 No， it's something women are used to， like women get attention from men。 They。

 they have those experiences and they just brush them off unless it was particularly traumatic or very funny or something。

 She probably won't even remember it the next day。So that's always good to keep in mind。

 You can go approach， crash and burn。 And， yeah， okay she might judge you or someone might look at you and go。

 ha， that guy just failed。 And if they walk around thinking about that for the next six weeks。

 that means that their life sucks。 if you， you。Badly approaching a girl is the most interesting thing they've seen in weeks。

 then that's a sad life that they're living。So you don't really need to worry about the long term effects。

In， you， in a two days or a week or a month or a year， who's gonna give a shit about that experience。

 Not her。 If you're carrying it around still， then this is unnecessary。 Youre。

 you're really just doing yourself damage in a way that she， she doesn't even remember your face。

 So don't need to worry about that。But the thing is， okay， so we're concerned about this。

 this judgment that she's going to think with these these things。 And yes。

 sometimes you'll do it in a miscalibrated way or or you'll。

 you'll speak too fast or you'll trip over your words or you'll say something that she finds offensive。

 These things will happen。 And this is the nature of learning to get good with women is you have to make lots of mistakes。

For every woman that I've been with intimately， for every woman I've had sex with。

 there's probably a dozen who who thought for a minute that I was a bit creepy or a bit of a weirdo。

 or a bit awkward。That's the nature of it， but that's worth it。

 I don't mind if 12 goals for a minute each or maybe if maybe a day if I was really bad。

Thought I was a loser。 if that meant that the 121 went home with me。 That's。

 that's the the investment that you just have to put in。 But understand， it's not long term damage。

 There's no， there's no， there's no getting the whole village thinking you're a loser and rejecting you from the tribe and deleting your genes from。

 from the gene pool。 That's not， there's no existential threat to you。

The only threat is to our own sense of identity and ego。 And that's the thing that。Often。

 people fights so hard to maintain that they're willing to miss out on their dreams。

 to miss out on amazing experiences and beautiful women。

 They'd rather just keep their ego intact and think， I'm cool。 I'm fine。 You know。

 people don't judge me because I just do， do the thing I do every day。

 And then everyone thinks I'm a decent guy。😊，Is that enough， Is it worth it， No， absolutely not， not。

 in my opinion。 It's much。 it's certainly worth having a few people think I'm a bit foolish。

Or 100 girls think I'm foolish in order for me to find an amazing girlfriend， absolutely worth it。

But the other thing is that。The reality is that often women don't think those things， in fact。

 they think the opposite， they think awesome things about you。

The number of times I've done it or I've listened to students as they go and approach women。

Who end up being married or having a boyfriend？And the girl says， oh， look， I'm sorry， I've got。

 I've got a boyfriend or I'm married。But thank you for the compliment。 You made my day。

 Or what you're doing is really brave。 Keep doing it。

 I've heard those statements like that hundreds of times because I listen in on the microphone to to students as they go and approach dozens of girls over a workshop。

 And I see every variation on what's possible with every type of guy and every type of woman。

And the number of times I've seen a girl go fuck off or you lose her or that's a terrible thing to be doing。

1% of the time， I would guess， because， yeah， I'd say that's。

 that's quite accurate on the last workshop I taught。

Dozen students doing 00 approaches eachish over the course of the workshop。

 And there was one instance where a girl said， this is， this is terrible。

 You shouldn't be talking to girls in the street  One， right， Now， if you。

 if you just went and talk to one girl and she said that， you would think， okay， that's the truth。

 But as you start seeing the patterns， you see that the reality is。Very occasionally。

 a girl is rude about it or she， or she thinks you're doing something bad。And usually。

 that's indicative of something that's going on in her life。 That means she's got issues。

 Or maybe she had a really bad experience with men。 Maybe she's very upt on neurotic。

 Maybe she just got out of thes war。 You don't know， Just because she's pretty。

 It doesn't mean she's not crazy。So that happens very rarely On the other spectrum you have occasionally。

 more often， girls are super open and really happy about the fact that you talk to them and make it really easy for you to see them again。

 That will happen。 I don't know，5，10% of the time， depending on your skill level， of course。

 that increases over time。😊，And then many， all the rest are somewhere in the spectrum of like。

 I'm not really interested。 Thank you。 I'm just gonna go through to， hey， that's really cool。

 That's pretty bold。 And that might even be the。 But， you know， I。

 I'm not interested because I've got a boyfriend。😊，So often。

 I see that women are really flattered when a man comes and compliments them。

 that they think that it's very brave that he， that he went， had the balls to go and attempt this。

 that she respects him。For his attempt。And very， very often that she's attracted because of it。

And that she's exactly looking for that type of man。

 She doesn't see this action as sleazy or creepy or weird。 She sees it as wow。

If only more men would do this or wa， this， okay， this is a guy that I'm going to give a chance to because he's。

Just rolled up to me。 and he's done it respectfully。 You know， Okay， he was a little bit nervous。

 but he， he told me he's。His truth in the moment。He gave me a compliment。 He。

 we started a conversation。 He's getting to know me。 This is an interesting man。

 I want to see where this goes。😊，So it's really important because。To understand this。

 because date it rolls back to everything I was talking about in terms of mindsets and beliefs。

 You believe that it's creepy and sleazy to go and talk to a girl on the street。 Of course。

 you'll start to act in that way。 you'll exhibit creepy signals。

 you'll come across in a way that's uncalibrated。 But if you believe that women， if they're single。

 lonely， bored， horny， which is true。And that they are open to meeting men in a variety of different ways。

 in general， not all women all the time， but many women often。Then you'll go out and you'll approach。

 and'll start to prove that。 And then you'll see that Ya case very occasionally。

 some women are very rude or， or they hate what you're doing。 that can happen。

 And then you need to look at， well， was that anything that I did， Could I have been。

Smoother with my approach。Was there something I did that I should adjust？

It's good to be objective and， and check on your behaviour。 But， but very often。

 it's just that she's having a bad day or she just doesn't like the look of you or she。

 she's had too many bad experiences that week with men。

And you see all of the other variations right through to the girl that's super open and interested in you。

In this way， you start getting a much more accurate view of what is the possibilities and what are the ways that women perceive it when a man goes and approaches her。

The other major fear that is connected to this， to this fear of， of judgment。

Is the fear of being revealed。Because when you're in your box。

You only reveal the elements of yourself that are necessary or that you or you feel comfortable with。

 with the people around you。So maybe you feel very comfortable to reveal a lot of yourself to your closest friend or someone in your family。

 for example， and maybe with your workmates， you don't and you just put up you do your job and you put up the front of。

 okay， I'm a competent worker and I'm a functional member of the team and so on and I't and I try and I hide all of the other things I'm worried about my insecurities。

 my doubts。My existential questions about， what does it mean to be alive and am I living my life to its fullest potential。

 and am I worthy， and am I cool， And am I going to be successful and do people respect me and。

You know， am I following my passions and all of this stuff， which all of us。

 all of us think about often。So。To， to a greater or lesser degree。

 we can kind of hide all these aspects of ourselves。 we don't want to reveal to the world。

 and people will often create。A very limited world in order to， to maintain those barriers。

So they won't take social risks。 They won't talk to the salesperson about their day。 You know。

 they won't go in ask directions。 And often， our phones are ways that we can。Avoid。

Interacting with people in all sorts of situations that we used to and therefore avoid awkwardness and avoid avoid needing to talk to strangers or ask for help or or present our desires。

And so in a way， we can just navigate through life。

In a way that keeps us safe from these little risks to our identity or our ego。Now。

 when you go up and you speak to a woman， you can also do that。 You can put up the front。

 you can act。Put on an act。 You can start spitting out lines and pretending to be your cocky and。

Using alpha body language and trying to put on some mask in front that convinces the girl that you are super cool and confident。

And there are other schools of seduction which tell you to do exactly that。Dress in a certain way。

 stand in a certain way， say these things， act like you're the king of the world。

 and girls will kind of get triggered by that and see you as a dominant male。

 and they'll want to fuck you。Is that ever possible， Yeah。

 it' certainly there's been many times in history when a man has tricked a girl into thinking that he was much more confident and cool than he was。

 Okay， that can happen。 But what happens if they want to see each other again。

 What happens if you want to have a relationship。Are you able to maintain？

That false front for very long， Probably not。 Pretty soon， Soon or later。

 the girl is going recognize that， oh， no， you're riddled with insecurities。 That was all an act。

 It was all bullshit。 And therefore， the guy that I hooked up with is not the real guy。

 What does she do then， She leaves。So you could put all this effort into putting on a mask and forming some kind of identity that looks like you're confident。

 or you could start to go through the process of revealing yourself of being vulnerable of pulling off that armor in that mask and showing the girl true aspects of who you are and accept that some girls are not going to be interested in that。

 Some girls will think that you're maybe even think that you're weak or that you're not ready for her and you'll。

Win or lose based on who you actually are。That can be a more painful process and can be a more scary process。

 but that is the process that I and all my students have gone through in order to reach true levels of confidence。

So if you want to be able to actually connect with a woman on a real level。

 you have to reveal yourself。 And that can be our deep fear。 What if I show her me。

The me behind the job， the me behind the script。And then they see to me and they go that's not what I wanted。

 He's not good enough for me。Yeah， it's not that he's slea or creepy。

 He's just just not up to scratch。The reality is， some people will do that。

 You've done that to people。 You will meet girls that you're not ready for。

Early on when I was doing a lot of this。Approaching 10 years ago。I， you know， I did a lot of work。

 and I was approaching a lot of girls， and I get plenty of dates， and I get laid here and there。

 And I was getting pretty good at this after the first six months or so。 And every now and then。

 I'd come across a girl where it was clear to me pretty soon that I'm just not ready for this girl yet。

 I just don't have the level of maturity， social intelligence。

Experience with women or sex to be able to work with this girl， because she's just more advanced。

 Yeah， she's just had and often girls do that much younger。

If you're a hot girl and you're intelligent and you're socially savvy and you've been thrown into this world of glamour and parties and older people when you're 18。

 for example， you start going to clubs and getting invited to the VIP rooms and after parties and hanging out with the DJs and the promoters and older guys who are more sophisticated and you're also playing very complex social maneuvering games。

Competing with other women， you know， playing men off against each other， all this stuff。

 which we don't do when you're 18， 18 year old men don't do any of that。

 We're just you playing a bit of sport and trying to， you know， finger a girl at a party。

If we're lucky。But women are often develop these more advanced social skills much earlier， so。

And then she just may be naturally talented， or she may have really worked on herself and developed herself through whatever meditation or。

Yoga or some kind of theater or something where she really had to investigate and grow as a person。

So I remember a number， a number of times I met a girl like， wow， she's amazing。

 And it's not that I'm less amazing。 It's that I'm just not at the point where I could hook this girl at this point。

 I can see that。😊，And I had to make a decision， I can either take that very personally and think。

 all right， that's， I'm a loser。Yeah， I'm just not good enough I'll never get a girl like that。

 Or as I did take it， I took it as a， okay， that's kind of a benchmark for me。

I think I need to be more open hearted， and I'm going work on that。

 Or I need to be more sexually confident。 I'm going work on that。

 or I I need to be more expressive and and raw。 And I'm going work on that。

 or I need to be kind of more reserved and strategic。

So there was many different areas that I grew and changed and learned about over years。

 which meant that okay， level after level I started getting getting the girls that previously I couldn't get。

😊，It's not that the old me was bad。 It was just the slightly less developed version of me。

 And I had cool girls back then that were at a similar level to me。

So you need to understand that revealing yourself does not mean you'll be rejected by all women。

 Sometimes it means you'll be rejected by a bunch of women。 And that's not super personal。

 It's not that you're an awful human being or you're less than her。

 It's just that if she's at a position where she's very social。

 socially calibrated and well connected。 She has a lot of options。 and she's very beautiful。

 Women who are beautiful and in those positions have far more options than you or I can imagine have。

And now with social media and the Internet， they have literally thousands of guys following them on their Instagram and sending。

 sending them gifts and likes and fawning over them in all sorts of ways。 they have a lot of choice。

 and sometimes the reality is that you just fall lower on her ladder of priorities than some other guy。

It's not personal。 doesn't mean that guys a better person than you。

 It means that he's better socially connected or he's more socially aware or he knows how to play her or knows how to communicate with her in a way that she finds more exciting and attractive。

So。This fear of being revealed。Being judged， these。

 I feel other things that are underlying most of the issues that men come up against when they feel this fear about going and approaching women。

And there are lots of things you can do to start to shift that。

 This is not the emphasis of this course。 I wanted。

 I wanted to open this up for you to start to think about and to look at。

 but I'm not going to go into super deep inner game transformation here。

 That's something you can look at in my other product， The marshall meditation method。 And。

 of course， we do this in our live courses and various other courses。But it is important to look at。

 okay， what's the thing that I'm kind of really afraid of Now。

 do I want to stay there and think about this all day and lie on a psychologist's couch and talk about it for the next five years。

I don't think that's necessary。 I mean， for some people， it might be。 But in general， let's know。

 okay， I'm aware that， yeah， I， I'm worried that if I show myself to her。She'll judge me in some way。

 She'll see me as either unworthy or just near average or worse。 she'll see me as a creepy。

 sleazy widow。 and that I'm， that I'm somehow some kind of deviant。

And so it's better to protect myself and just not be seen at all。When， of course。

 it's not better to be not seen。 It's not better to be invisible because when you're invisible。

 you're ignored。 when you're ignored， you don't get late。Right。

 so we have to be able to move past these fears。 Now， it doesn't mean we need to solve them all。

You don't need to become perfectly actualized， completely issueless。

 confident man before you can go and get the goals you really want。

 remembering that women are not perfect， and they're not expecting perfect。

 All of us have our issues， All of us have our baggage。 All of us feeling insecure。

 sometimes Even the most confident person。 I'm generally a confident person。

 I have a successful life。 and I usually get what I want。 and I've had major crises。

Throughout my life， times where I've fall into pieces where， you know， I've been depressed。

 where I've been full of self doubt and self loathing。 And then I've come out of that。

 and I've moved into some other phase and gone up into a confident phase。

 And that keeps going throughout your life， to a greater degree。😔。

What I have developed over the years is generally， I've learned how to bounce back faster from the drops and my overall ambiental。

 like resting level of confidence is much higher than it used to be。

 And that's what you should be aiming for through your personal development。

 through your meditation study， through your social studies is that overall。

 you're becoming more of a man， more of yourself， yourre learning more。

 you're expanding your consciousness， your heart， your emotions， your experiences， your skills。And。

Day by day， that increases and you become。The better version of yourself。 And， of course。

 as you become that better version， you start attracting。Bittter females。But we need to look at。

 okay， so how are going to move through this， even though we may not solve the problems。

 how are we going to be able to allow those fears to be part of us， the shadow side of us。

 which does exist。 We can't deny it completely or crush it。

And yet still be able to move through this fear in order to go and approach women。

In order to move through these fears， the first thing that I recommend is you stop viewing it as fear at all。

Fear is a very important part of our biology。 it's the thing that stops you from touching fire and getting bitten by snakes and running away from things when you should run away from them。

It's a very important impulse， but it's not something that should be activated all the time。

 and certainly not by a woman walking past past or the prospect of going and talking to it。

I don't view it as fear anymore。 I don't really care if at the root level that there's some biological instinct that ignites this in me。

 It's not really useful for me to think of it like that。What I like to think about this。

 this experience when I see a girl and I want to speak to her， I look at it as a process。

A process that has several parts。And that there are certain choice points that I have within that process。

 which can either lead me to lock up and shut down or to move through it and go for what I want。 Now。

 of course， I always want to choose that one one， which leads me to what I want。 I don't always。

 I'm not perfect。 Certainly I let girls walk past sometimes and go not today。 But for the most part。

 I've trained myself over years to get to the point where if I really want to talk to Will。

 I'll do it。 Do I still feel some of the things that you feel， Yes， I do。

 but I interpret them very differently。So let's have a look at this process。 What happens。So。

We understand。That it's possible to talk to girls Before that， you didn't really feel fear。

 The girl walked past。 You didn't feel， oh， no， there's a hot girl。 He's like， man。

 there's a hot girl。That's a pity。 I'll never meet her。

 But once you start learning about seduction and cold approaching and you say， okay。

 that's a possibility。 You're like， okay， I want to do that。 I've heard I can do that。

 She's walking past and then something happens， right， Something activates in you。

 You get the stimulation of the visual contact comes into your senses。

 And as you know that you want to go and do something about it。

Your body initiates a whole bunch of reactions。Why is that？ Well。

 we've looked at some of the reasons why the kind of underlying fears。 But really。

 what's happening is this is your body coming out of homeostasis。

 where it's kind of at a resting point。Into some point of action。

 And so a whole because there's now the potential to go and do something that's unknown outside my comfort zone。

I don't know what the consequences are going to be。 So， I'm a bit， you know， shaken by that。

 And so all sorts of things activate in my body。 You're probably aware of most of these。

 but they can vary from person to person， but commonly。Tightness in the stomach。

 compression in the chest during the throat， butterflies in the stomach。Increased heart rate。

 feeling flushed， fingertips， getting sweaty， some kind of tremors or twitching。

Feeling locked up in your throat， like all of sweating in your body。

 all sorts of these kinds of physical reactions。Now， the mistake here is that we have stimulus。

Recognition。Reaction。Now， the mistake here is then the interpretation。Cause I feel all this stuff。

 And then I jump up into my mind and I think， oh， no， there's it approach anxiety or I'm afraid or。

Maybe I'm going to get embarrassed， and I start playing the bad movies in my head about the worst thing that can happen。

Talking myself out of it， starting to criticize myself。

 criticize women and all that same old familiar story。

 which you'll have your own version of as you start watching it， I'm sure you're very。

 very used to it。 you're aware of what it is。And so all that story runs。

 I feel all this what I perceive to be negative sensations， right。

 So I have a a feeling in my throat。 It's a compression， maybe。 And I go， that's， that's my fear。😊。

Or combined with my butterflies or whatever。 I'm like， that feels bad。 I feel uncomfortable。

 I don't feel safe。 If it's， it's a negative thing。 It's my anxiety。 It's my fear。

 And now it's there， I can't do anything。 I can't move from this position because if I go over。

 I'm going over in a state of fear。The problem here is how I interpret。

 It's not that I'm feeling sensations or feeling these kind of emotional responses。

 It's how I'm interpreting them。 That's the problem。

Because when I interpret it in all these negative ways， of course， it's very。

 very hard to push through that to go over and speak。 and then if I do， I'm doing it。

 feeling like I'm crippled like I'm trying to go into the interaction with this really awful reaction happening in my body like I'm terrified and yet I'm trying to still do what I initially wanted。

 very difficult to do。 and so the easier thing to do is back away as I said before you back away。

 gradually the physical sensation subside the mind settled down and then you come back to your resting position and now you've completed one cycle of reinforcing that beautiful women lead to fear lead to unpleasant experiences。

So what is our alternative？Can we change the stimulus， No， the woman is the stimulus。

 Can we change the， the fact that we perceive it， Well。

 we can close our eyes and pretend it doesn't happen。 But okay， we， we're taking in the information。

Can we change， so we can't really change that。 Can we change our reaction？

And that's the thing that most men try to do。 They try to like， hold it。

 They don't want to feel their stuff。 So they like， you know。

 tense themselves or try to just think of some positive things。

 or they're really trying to avoid that a rising sense of all of this stuff happening in our bodies。

 You don't need to do that。So we can't。 even if we can control that， we don't need to control that。

 We can allow it to be there。 So that's not the thing we're trying to control。Now。

 can we control the way we interpret this， Yes， definitely。 And that's the point。

Where we can start to apply fairly simple tools to radically shift our interpretation of this moment。

And this is what I do。So same as you see the girl response。

 Probably it's gonna to take a lot more to trigger me than it is for you because I've done this so many times and I am desensitized to it。

 I'm not， you know， if she's a cute girl， I'm not going probably even feel much of a rush at all。

 But if it's case she's a bang and heart Russian girl。 and she's two' two of them。

 And I don't knowt theyre walking along with her brother or something like something which is much more difficult。

 Okay， I get activated。Same way， but the difference in what I do is instead of me starting to think。

 oh this means all this negative stuff。I allow myself to not place any meaning on it。Now。

 some people would suggest， probably some life coaches would suggest。

That what you should do is pump yourself full of positive thoughts。

And anytime you're in that situation， think， I'm awesome。 girls love me。 I'm a killer player。

 You know， every， you know， every moment I'm getting stronger and better。

 And these positive affirmations where I'm just telling myself all this positive stuff and hoping it's gonna stick。

😊，Of course， it's better to be。Better to be talking to ourselves in a positive way in our minds than a negative way。

But the problem is， if you don't believe the positive thing you're trying to tell yourself。

 then you will start to become at war and dissonant with yourself。 If I'm like， I'm awesome。

 all the women love me in the world。 and I always get what I want。 And then you're subconscious。

ly you that voice in the back your heads， like， no， you don't。 No， they don't。 Yeah。

 I don't think that's true。 You're trying to like just shout over the voice underneath。😊，Tends to。

 tends to make you confused and and battling with yourself。

So I'm not trying to replace it with positivity。 What I want to replace it with is neutrality。Right。

Because if I put all this。Negative meaning on these feelings in my body。I could just as easily。

Interpret them simply as sensation。And this is the core of。

Many systems of meditation and the meditation which I've given you in this course follows this。

So this is the theoretical aspect that will allow you to use a meditation in a way that's effective。

So what I do。Is。I get ignited， I feel the stuff that butterflies or whatever。And I use my mind as a。

 as a kind of scanning tool。 And I moved my attention down to， let's say， in my stomach。

And I feel what's going on。 And I notice if my mind wants to place a judgment on it。

 that means and I go， doesn't necessarily mean anything， it could just be an activation of my body。

 and I bring my attention down， and I scan around like this scientific instrument or in my chest or whatever。

 And I just feel， how did these sensations feel。How would I describe these in a neutral way， Not， oh。

 that's fear。 That's terror。 No， if I had to describe to an alien who didn't understand emotions。

 He only understood。Add descriptions of sensations。 How would I describe that， okay？

It's like a pulsing and a compression， and there's like a vibration in it and there's heat。

 I can feel heat and moisture。And， and you see what I'm saying， okay， so I move through。

 and I can just interpret that and observe it as objective。Objective， neutral sensations。

 just scientifically scanning through and observing。Now。

 the interesting thing about this is that essentially this is meditation。

 If I draw my attention to myself to the present moment and I don't react。

 I don't put terrible meanings onto things or tense up or fight it。

If I just allow it to be and observe it， then it starts to change。

The first thing that starts to change is that the terror is the idea of the terror starts to dissolve。

Even if I still feel the sensations in my body。I stop interpreting them as fear。

If you've ever been on a roller coaster or jumped out of an airplaneeroplane with a parachute or done anything that was adrenaline related。

If you think back over that， the feelings， the physical feelings in your body。

When you're about to do something exciting or a little bit dangerous in a fun way or there was a surprise coming or you're waiting for a friend you haven't seen for a long time。

You may note that the feelings in your body are very similar。

 if not the same as when you're feeling afraid。Because your body's activated。 I'm excited。 I'。

 I'm anticipating my friend arriving。 I haven't seen you in five years。

 I might might feel all the same physical sensations。😊，But I placed a much more positive meaning。

Right， that， that feeling means I'm excited。 I mean， I'm anticipating this reunion。Whereas the。

Time when I'm seeing the girl and I feel those sensations and I go， I know that means fear and。

Terror and humiliation， and so on。So the same sensation can be interpreted in very different ways。

 As I said， I'm not trying to go from negative to positive， I'm going from negative to neutral。😊。

Later， sure， we can then shift that into positive。 Often for me now。

 when I see the girl and I feel activated， it feels like a rush。 you， like I've just had。😊。

Vitamin's injected into me or something where I'm just like， whoa， I can I'm alive。

 My instinct is activated。 I'm excited to go and talk to this girl。I've moved it not always。

 but often from negative originally through neutral， through to positive。 But for now。

 what I want you guys to do。Is to start to scan your awareness through those areas as you find yourself walking over to the girl。

 feeling your heart rate increasing or whatever reactions you have。And she just。

Take yourself out of here， out of this little area where you're thinking all this bad stuff and use your mind as this scanning machine to just move through and feel areas where there's an intensity。

 Okay， that feels more intense。How does it， How does it feel feels like its like kind of bouncing around inside me feeling Although like there's。

 there's like a tension in there。 Okay， let me allow， let me see if I can allow it to relax。

Because tension is usually its work。 You， we have to put work into being tense。

 and it can be very easy to stop doing that work。 If I'm holding my shoulders like this all day。

 I'm working for no reason。How do I stop doing it， I bring my awareness here and I go， yeah。

 I'm holding that tension and I can just allow it to let go。Very quickly。

As you start to just neutrally， objectively observe what's going on internally for you。

 you'll find that very quickly， the sensation will reach a peak and then it will start to subside。

Even if it doesn't in that moment， I mean， it will eventually。

 But even if you go to the girl and it keeps getting more and more intense。

If I can perceive it not as a negative threat， but just as O， sensations are increasing in intensity。

 I'm observing them， I can still talk then。I can still have a conversation。

 I can still ask a girl out on a date。 I don't need to be super chilled and just like in a resting state。

 I can be activated and be excited。 And， you know， my body can be bubbling away and doing its thing。

 knowing that at some point。😊，Probably during the conversation。

 if it goes well and the girl's chilled out and we're having a chat。Pretty soon， I may find that。

 Okay， subsiding。 And I'm just， I want it's turning into something else。

 I'm feeling something different。 But again， I don't need to interpret that change。

 I don't need to think about what does this mean or what what's happening here or am am I about to get anxious or am I tipping over into fear or am I cool or am I confident。

 Is there attraction。 Is there not all that。You tangle yourself up in your mind if you worry about that too much。

Allowed to be。 Here I am right now。I'm， in this way， I'm I'm stepping through my fear。

Because it's not fear anymore。I stop， I stop seeing it as this wall of fear。 and I just see it as。

 okay， it's a bubbling， changing mass of sensations and kind of intensity and temperature。

And movements。And， yes， my thoughts jump all around。 And sometimes the negative thought comes up。

 And then I don't try and crush it。 I just bring my attention back to， okay， I'm here now。 I'm alive。

 I can feel my fingertips。 I can feel my feet in my shoes。 I can feel the heat in my body。

 I can feel the touch of the fabric of my skin。 I'm present。😊，And yeah。

 I'm activated or I'm not activated， or I'm more activated， but that's cool。 I can be here。

 and I can do my job。😊，So。In conclusion。This， this is。The most important part， really。

 of learning this art form， especially at the beginning。

Because if you don't learn how to manoeuvver through this reaction。

 then you'll get blocked over and over again， and you'll be fighting against yourself。

 Maybe if you've got very strong willpower， you'll be able to punch yourself through it a number of times。

 You'll be able to just go come on， pussy， just fucking do it and force yourself through the fear。

But I don't see that as a long term solution。 If you see see that there's an endless。

Lifetime of fear ahead of you that you have to keep just using stubborn willpower to push through。

That gets really exhausting。I've seen a couple of people do that， but they're rare individuals。

Much gentler， more enjoyable way is to see that， okay， in the initial stages。

 there is this chess match with myself， there is this mental battle。

That I keep wanting to jump in and associate sensations with meaning。

 I keep wanting to place a judgment on things to say， okay， this is this。 I like this。

 I don't like this。I can do this。 I can't do this。 I'm afraid of this， I'm not afraid of this。

And then we're constantly trying to negotiate with these limitations in our mind and our emotions。

 Instead， let that go。 Thats stuff that works out over time。And we talked about。

The the issues that you may be having in terms of worthiness and worrying about judgment and so on。

 and these are things that over time you come to resolve through meditation， through life experience。

 through meeting powerful mentors。I mean， I've been on a lifetime journey of really coming to terms with myself and feeling good about myself and feeling confident。

Thats that's part of the long journey， but in the day to day as you're going out and you're trying to start something and learn and get real world experience with girls。

 we can't wait until we've completely finished our growth to do that we're waiting a lifetime。

Instead， we use this as a catalyst for growth。We use this as as a propulsion。

 We use every time we meet a woman as a chance to reveal ourselves。

To experience the reactions that we have， to notice， okay， here's my weaknesses。

 or here are my strengths。And to use our sense of awareness and neutrality or objectivity to cruise through it and to find that on the other side of that super intense。

 what I used to think was fear thing is something more enjoyable。

 Or maybe it gets more intense again。 And I go， okay， I can take another wave of this。😊。

And then maybe I I go out that's enough。 and I say， all right， we'll have a nice day and I leave。

But I choose to leave。Okay， maybe or maybe I go in and I start talking to the girl。

 and I'm feeling all these sensations。 and I'm trying to stay neutral with it。

 and I stumble over my words。And I trip over and spill my coffee owner or something disastrous。

She thinks I'm freak and she's like， I've got to go and she walks off。😊，And instead of me。

Cmbling in defeat and then getting back up into my head and。

Reinterpreting that in all these negative ways。 I don't。 I just close my eyes， and I feel， all right。

 there's this big rush Yeah， on the objectively out there， I didn't。 It wasn't a great interaction。

 I made mistakes。Maybe she judged me。 Okay， that's kind of the reality of this moment。

But did I survive。 Yeah， did I learn something， Yeah。

 can I just sit here and feel what this feels like。

 close my eyes and just feel all the heat in my face and all of this stuff happening and just sit with it using my awareness meditation。

My sense of presence to just let it do its thing。 And very， very quickly。

 those emotions and those sensations will subside in a good way。

 because this time we've broken the cycle。Instead of。Coming up against。

The intensity and then backing away from it。 We've come up against the intensity。

 and we've moved through it。Regardless of the result， the result doesn't even really matter。

 whether we got the number or didn't， whether she loved us or hate us。

 We moved through an element of ourselves that previously held us back。And you do that once。

You start to step into a world of freedom。Suddenly， that。Barrier。Is not a barrier anymore。

 Does't mean it's gone forever。 Okay， it'll come up again and again or in different。

 slightly different ways。But now we have a tool to maneuvver through。

And we start applying that each girl we meet interaction after interaction day after day。 very soon。

 you become very comfortable sitting in this tension。

 sitting in the inevitable activation that happens when two strangers meet and they don't know each other。

 You become comfortable in that space。 You become comfortable in the uncertainty in in the chaos。

 in the flux and change of it。😊，Now we're learning to make seduction our art form。And very often。

 it starts to become enjoyable。 you'll come out of an interaction where。

 even if it went technically badly， you feel awesome。😊，Becauseuse you're like， cool。

 I came up against what I saw as my big fear。 and then I just cruised through it。

She didn't like me at the end， but that's cool because I've actually become more of a man。

 I've become more of myself。😊，I'm， I'm less of a slave to my own fears and my own limited worldviews than I was 10 minutes ago。

 That's a great success。 And I feel like a hero。You do that day by day。This means you're in a game。

 your personal development。Keeps pace with your seduction skills。

 And it means you're not fighting against one to get to the other。

 I don't have to force myself through my issues to to get to be able to practice this skill。

 practicingcticing this skill is happening concurrently at the same time as me breaking through my layers and my limits and my fears。

And in this way， seduction becomes a really beautiful。😊，Life changing practice。

 not just a skill you learn to try and hustle some drunk girls in a bar。

But a lifetime skill for stepping through。Limitations for。

Dissolving your comfort zone and for being able to see something over there on the horizon that you want to get to。

 we want to get and to be able to go there and make it。

