# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：05.前框架-家庭作业任务【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼。🎼In a moment， I'll show you a series of clips from the start of some infield videos of myself meeting women。

And so I'll be showing you just the beginning parts， which is the pre frame in the opener。

So what I'd like you to do for this exercise is to watch this little piece of footage， press stop。

 and then write down answers to the following questions。Question number one。

What do you think the woman was feeling when I first opened my mouth。Right， and you may。

 you may think， well， I don't know。 Yeah， this is where you need to start developing your empathetic responses。

 Look at her response as best you can on the screen。 Okay， see， does she move away from me。

 Is she open to me， Is she smiling， Is she frowning， Does she look scared， Does she look interested。

 right， Notice， notice her initial reaction to me。Secondly。Write down。

 did you notice a shift or a change in her demeanor or her response to me as I developed。

 as I delivered。The pre frame， right， because this is important， ideally， you。

Many times you'll see a situation where a girl goes from this to Har。 And that's awesome。 right。

 If we can get a girl， a stranger on the street to go from。

 I don't want to talk to this guy to or I'm scared and confused to Har， I'll talk to him。

 That's a major shift。 That's the difference between being blown out in that second and having a chance to talk to her。

 And if that happens， that means the pre frame was valuable and really effective。 Okay。

 so write that down。😊，The third thing I want you to write down。Is what is it that I used， Like。

 so what， what observational pieces of evidence did I pick up from looking at the girl。

 and then how did I deliver it to her， So this is you deconstructing and analyzing my infield so that you can then transfer and put that into your own personal situations。

 And the fourth and final thing I want you to do is。

Think of and write down what's an alternative pre frame and opener that you could have used in that exact situation。

 right， So if you were removed what I said and replaced it with an equally or better。

Pre frame and open up。 What would that be。 So write out a situation for that very specific girl。

 And then therefore， what you've done now is what I want you to then go out and do in field is observed a situation。

 broke it down taken some pieces of evidence and going， yeah， here's a good idea。

And created your own pre frame and open up。 Okay， so that's the drill for the preframes。

 Was through the videos。 Write down the answers to those four questions。😊，He's lady， hey done。

I'm not trying to convert you to any religions or anything I just thought you looked really funky and interesting and wanted to meet you Thank you so much Yeah you're an Eastern European aren't you。

I'm from brain。Good afternoon， how are you doing？I'm very good。

 I'm not here to say you anything or convert you in any religion or to convince you to vote for anybody I'm here because you look great what's your name Kim Kim。

 how you doing， I'm James。😊，Hi there， how you going？I amm very well。

 I saw you from across the way and I thought you looked very interesting。

So I thought I'd come and meet you。Yeah。What's your name I'm Lauren。

 what's your name you look really confused sorry you what I'm James。Nice to you nice to meet you。快得。

哎玩意。Very good， sorry， I'm so late。再来。りや。Yeah， it does。Good。

 I'm glad you have a sense of humor you would never believe me I was kidnapped。By the KG and FSB。

They were asking questions about you， actually。ありがございね。I denied everything。わちない。그래ミ 아니야 아니야。Again。

熬夜熬演。You're listening，彼れも。Hello。How are you good， I like that you're walking in a very slow relaxed way。

Oh， yes， then where I'm not selling you anything， I just think you look interesting。

Thank you I'm August， August。August， August I'm James， excuse me， hello。小玩意。Good。

 I like that you're immediately friendly。Because often people are not in this town。

 they think that I might be doing something weird。I am doing something weird but it's not bad I'm just talking to you because I think you're cute Yeah what's your name I'm Angela do James。

 good handshake。Hi， that's a nice bondy drink you have there nice bonddi drink I like it you' kind of you look like you're half doing sport and half not。

All right okay， well you look awesome， my names James What's your name E E Ka excuse me， hi。

 how are you？Good， good， I was walking down the street and I saw you。 We had a very sexy figure。

 so I wanted to introduce myself。 No not exaggerating。 He， what's your name。

ta Greta What's your name， James， James， hellello， how are you。Good。

 I'm going to talk for two minutes， I'm not trying to sell anything except myself。

I'm really tired one they work I wouldn't get fatigue。I understand yeah。

 fair enough what were shooting。Well not true。Be sure。

 because I know tomorrow when you're feeling better， you'll go hang on a minute。

I was in a grumpy mood yesterday but now I'm feeling better and I shouldn't talked to that guy I'll walk with you for two minutes How about that？

Hi there。H， I've caught you Max at weird Peach time。Yeah。Is that a beriot or a beache？

I don't know you don't know anymore， I just thought you're cute so I'm coming out and chat you up。

How do you feel about that？🎼Excuse me ladies hey， hey。

 I'm not selling anything I'm not a promoter or anything， you just look sexy。

 I want to take you on a date， how do you feel about that？Excuse me。

 sorry I didn't mean to make you crash， hang be be careful because there's a bus behind you。Yeah。

 I don't usually run after people on bicycles， but you look so lovely。

That I just wanted to come and say hi， hi what's your name， I'm James and。

