# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：04.前框架【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼In this module we will be looking at preframes， otherwise known as pre openers。Now。

 a preframe is a set of words that you say before you launch into your opener。

 So let's say you might be using a specifically direct opener。

 such as you look wonderful today young lady， and I'm here to introduce myself， how you' doing。

So we would say that's the open up。 So this is the words you say before that。

 which give the opener context。Now， the first thing I want to say about preframes before we get into a deep explanation and understanding what they are is。

Once you know how to use this tool， it is a very effective， very useful tool。 However。

 it is not something that you need to use every single time you talk to a girl for the rest of your life。

 This is a common mistake for men who have done research online。

 They've watched guys who were doing natural game， and preframes is not a secret。

 It's not something I invented or anyone really invented。

 Any man that ever went up to a girl and noticed something that was happening or gave the context for why he was there was using preframes。

 It's not an invention by any pickup artist。 But guys whove studied this C， I K。

 That's something that guys often do in their infill videos。 So therefore。

 I will do this always forever。This is a misunderstanding of what a pre frame is。

As you get more experienced in seduction， as you get better calibrated and by calibration。

 I mean the ability to read the situation， read a woman's mood， what she's doing。

 what pace she's walking at what her facial expression suggests and so on and be able to adjust your demeanor or what you say to the needs of the situation。

 You will need to use preframes less。 So think of these as very effective training wheels。

 Now I've been doing seduction for 10 plus years， and I still use them very commonly。

 right So it's something that you will always have in your toolkit。

 But the first thing to understand is this is not a magic bullet that solves your problems and you need to use every single time you talk to a girl。

 As you go out after learning about this topic and you start to apply it in your interactions。

 I want you to practice alternating。 Let's say to start with you do preframes on two out of three approaches or three out of four approaches。

RightAnd then every now and then shake it up where you remove the pre frame and just go in simply and directly and notice the differences。

 because there will be differences。 But as you get more and more experienced。

 you'll see that you don't always have to use a pre frame。

 And often the preframe can be implied nonverbally。

 We'll get on to how that's possible a little bit later， so。Let's look at it， what is a preframe？

An example of a pre frame would be me saying， excuse me。Don't worry。

 I'm not trying to sell you anything。And then my opener。 or I see that she's doing something。 I say。

 so she's got headphones in， for example。 And I wave， and then I go like this。

 and she pulls her headphones out。 And I say， I see that you're listening to your favorite music or maybe you。

 I don't know， on a call or something， but opener， right。

are these are a couple examples of preframes。So when men are learning these。

 often they will have kind of a series of preframes that they have in their pocket。

 So kind of pre prepared ones。And this is not a bad thing。To have some。 And the。

 the don't worry I'm not selling anything or don't worry， I'm not crazy。

Or I know this is a little bit。Od， or I know this might be a little bit unusual。Right。

 or I don't usually do this。 So these are， these are kind of generic preframes which you could use almost on any girl in most situations。

 right So it's， it's cool to have those。 And I've certainly used them many times。

 and I probably will still again。😊，However。What you ideally want to do is adjust the pre frame and make it specific。

 right， so specific to the， to the situation that the girl is currently in。Because， again。

 the problem。When men are learning any form of seduction， if they。

 if they watch the way that a particular pick artist does things or a seducer does things。

 and they see he has a sequence of。Of words or processes or techniques that he does。

The men tend to get fixated on， okay， what did he say， Al He said this series of things。 And okay。

 I saw him do it something similar over here。 So therefore， I like his style。

 So I'll start saying the things that he says。 And I'll just keep repeating them every single time I talk to a girl。

 This is very problematic。 This is not natural game。 This is simply scripted natural based。

 know based on a natural conversation a guy had once kind of game。

And that's not what I'm trying to teach。 And that's not what you should be trying to learn。

 If you want to learn how to run scripts。 There's lots and lots of guys out there who have pretty cool scripts。

 I guess， but。Even if it works once or it works occasionally。

 you're not presenting yourself to the woman authentically。

 You're not actually developing your own improvisational skills or your own connectivity skills。

 You're just learning to do a performance。 And maybe you get really good at that performance。

 And so it works sometimes。 but it's false。 and it doesn't assist you in learning to integrate seduction into your personality so that you can become more flexible。

And present yourself to into to a woman in a more flow state where youll get to adapt and improvise and change on the fly。

 And that's the joy of being a natural seder is that you go in there。

 not knowing what you're going to say and something magical happens。

 So to start to start developing that。😊，Yes， we can take these little tools。

 but let's not get stuck on them。 So that's right。 Before I even tell you about the technical aspects of a preframe。

 it's very important that I warn you about what can happen。 If you just repeat back the same lines。

 the same examples I give you now。It won't be natural。 It'll just be a performance skill。

 You'll only ever be as good as your last performance， and it won't internalize。

 and you won't feel stronger and more confident in doing it， right。So be aware。 Okay。

 it's okay to have a few in your pocket。 some prepared pre openers preframes。

 throw them out when you can't think of anything else。 It's fine。 However。

 what you would like to ideally move towards is looking at a situation seeing the girl I go， okay。

 whats she's doing right now。 right， She's got， she's got two big shopping bags in her hand。

 And she's like huffing and puffing down the street。😊，And if I go over there and say， hey。

 I don't mean to be weird or anything， but you look beautiful today。

 I'm kind of missing the point of the preframe because the pre frame， the first reason。

Most important reason that we use one。Is to show the woman that we understand the situation that's going on for her right now。

If I say， hey， don't worry， I'm not crazy， it's because I understand the situation she might be in right now is thinking that I'm crazy。

 because otherwise， what's the point in saying that。

If I approach a girl in a busy shopping area where there's lots of people trying to sell segway tours and sign up to Ammunnesty International and stuff。

 and I say， hey， listen， I'm not trying to sell anything。 That's smart， right。

 That's relevant to the situation because right now， in this crowded public space。

She may well have been approached by people trying to sell her something。

 So me outlining and letting her know I'm not selling anything right now makes sense。 It。

 It shows her that I understand what is her position like。And that's one of the key。

Skills of the seducer is empathy。It's not some technical thing of getting through a person's defenses。

 It's understanding she's a human being with emotions。She may feel afraid of strangers。

 She may feel irritated by people annoying or on the street。

 She may have had 25 guys come and try and hit on her badly today。 You know。

 there's all these situations that if I can try and understand her position。Her world， her thinking。

 her emotions。 Then I've got a way better chance。Of presenting myself in a way that's appealing to her。

Right，This is one of the reasons why an arrogant man is very unattractive is because arrogant people don't take into account the needs of others around them。

 They're pushy and bossy and， and selfish。As opposed to a confident man， a confident man can。Sure。

 he can go for what he wants， and he can be clear about who he is。

 But he's also able to read the situation and go， okay， right now， I need to back off。 or right now。

 this person' is feeling uncomfortable。 How do I make them feel more comfortable。

So that's the first purpose of the preframe。Is to show the woman that you understand that this is strange。

 that she might be afraid， that she might be irritated， right， that she's doing something， right。

 She's busy。 and I'm interrupting。 Now， I don't go over and say， hey， listen， look， I'm really sorry。

 I understand that you， you know， you， your're texting right now。

 And it's totally rude of me to come and interrupt you。 And， you know， who am I to dare to come over。

 right， So I don't want to lay on this thick thing of how I'm apologetic。 and I'm taking her time。

 a precious time。😔，It's not that because obviously， that's supplicating unattractive behavior。

 But what I am doing is acknowledging。 okay， she's carrying the shopping bags。 And I say， hey。

 listen。Those look really heavy。 And maybe you want to put them down for a second。

 because I wanted to ask you something。Okay， that might be an example。 or same thing。 Hey， listen。

 I know you're probably not feeling dys sexiest and you've got a heavy shopping bags right now。

 Do you mind if I chat to you for a second。Probably better if you put the bags down。Right。

 so this is me acknowledging， okay， I get it right now。

 She's not probably in the mood to flirt because she's walking up a hill carrying shopping。

 so I'm aware of that， yet I， I still feel compelled to open her。

 So that's the kind of message you're you're giving to the girl with a pre frame。I get it。

 You're doing something。 And I acknowledge that。 I respect that。

 but I feel compelled because I'm a masculine driven。Trigger pulling motherfuuckcker。

That I need to come over here and meet you。And then often， the girl will respond quite well。 So it's。

 it's very easy to develop these preframes。You can go sit down in a public area and watch people going past。

 Watch girls going past and look at her and go， okay， she's got a camera on。

 she's talking to her friend。 You know， she looks like she's walking faster than everyone else。

 She's got like an intense look on her face。 or she's got a dreamy， open look on her face。

 All of these observations that you can take of a girl。 And then you can think。

 I could create a preframe around that。 You've got a girl who's like kind of smiling。

 and she's looking up at the buildings。 She's walking slower than everyone else。

 I'm gonna guess she's not from here because people who are tourists。

 walk around slowly and look at the buildings。 You don't look at the buildings in your city do you unless you're an architecture student。

 You just walk down the street。 So I go up and I say， hey， you look in a nice， dreamy mood。

 I'm guessing you're from out of town。😊，And she's like， oh， yeah， I just arrived。 Okay， well。

 welcome to my city。 And you are a beautiful addition to it。

 You're making the whole thing look much better。 My names James。 Okay， cool。

 I used a specific pre frame， specific opener。 And then I introduce myself。 and now。😊。

It's likely that we're going to get into a good conversation。Yeah， because she can read。

 Girl are very intuitive at this。 They have had so much experience with men badly approaching them or badly getting them attention。

 If you're a hot girl from like 15，16 years old， boys are trying to get your attention。

 One way or another。 They don't usually come up and give well executed openers。

 But they do wolf whistle and wink and sort of randomly try and open conversations and in the classes。

 dudes are trying to do your homework and guys in clubs are coming to trying to buy your drinks。

 and shes， if she's cute， by the time she's 18， she's had thousands of men try something on with her。

So unless she's totally unaware or you know， on the spectrum of autism and doesn't read this kind of stuff。

 she's generally aware that when a man's approaching her。

 she can feel how comfortably he he is and how good he is at this。Yeah。

 and it's not that you always need to be perfect。 Of course。

 there' will be sometimes when you feel nervous。 That's all right。 You can even go and say， hey。

 listen， I know this is strange， and I'm kind of nervous， but。You're really cute。 And I gotta。

 I gotta meet you。 I' kill myself。Well， probably kill myself。 but I'd kick myself later。

 if I didn't talk to you。 Okay， that's me giving a not great opener。

 But that's fine because I'm being clear and direct and honest。 I am getting through the stages。

 I'm using a pre frame。 I'm opening。 I made a mistake。 I corrected the mistake。

 And then I introduce myself。 totally fine。 So don't think you need to be perfect。

 But we want to make it better than it better than worse， right？ So in this case。😊。

The thing to be aware of is that women will read the situation。 And when I deliver a good pre frame。

 she gets to just relax into the situation a little bit because the second。

 the second reason why preframes are really important is if I just go up bold。

 cold and just go stop your fucking sexy。 What's your name。That can be really powerful， right。

 That can be a really powerful thing to do， and it can be a really scary。

 weird thing for the woman to experience。It requires a higher level of calibration。If I say， hey。

Don't， don't， don't get offended， but。You're fucking sexy。 I have to meet you。That preframe。

Don't take this inoff way or whatever I use。It creates a little buffer zone。

 It gives me a little bit of a broader margin for error because it tells the girl what that I know that this is weird。

 I know that this is unusual。 right， I know that I'm stepping out of the social matrix。

 and I'm breaking kind of social rules。Yet， here I am。Right， so that's， that's cool。

 Women want to know that a man， like a sexy man， is a man who understands all the social rules。

 but understands that many of them， they don't really have to exist。

 They don't need to apply to everyone。 And then if you're a bit bold or a little bit creative or you've got some balls or you've driven by your passion that you can break the rules and you can get away with it。

😊，That's a sexy man。A man that does not know the the social rules is not aware of the way things work in society。

And just goes around doing whatever he wants。 That's a crazy person。 That's a dangerous person。

 That's a sociopath。 That's the kind of guy that's at best， awkward and weird and at worst。

 dangerous， physically dangerous。And most women have had experiences where some weird guy has come up and said something to them。

 And she's like， O， see ya。 And then he's followed her。Alright， and we don't。

 we don't really understand this so much as， as men because it's not。

 We don't have girls coming up to us saying， I like you。 and then following us。

 Have you ever had that happen， I've， I've never had that happen to me。

 I'm sure it's happened in the history of the world， but it's rare。Whereas for most women。

 cute girls。Cute or not really。 They will have this kind of attention at some point in Eli。

 It's scary。 Of course， if a guy is much bigger than you as a little girl is kind of pushy and won't take no for an answer。

 That's a scary prospect。So any time a man approaches a woman， she doesn't know。 is he dangerous。

 is he。Weird and awkward and crazy。 Or is he just a。Guy who wants to meet me， a normal guy。

So it's your job to show her。 Yeah， I'm not dangerous。

 I'm not gonna make a big song and dance about it， but I'm certainly not dangerous。

 And hopefully I'm not too awkward or weird or anything。 I'm just me。 And I'm a cool dude。

 And here I am to meet you。 And I get， I get it。 It's a bit unusual。 It's a bit weird by here we are。

 right， That's the message。 So the preframe here gives you a broader margin forever error。

 And this is why I said earlier。 You can experiment with just going up cold and saying， hey。

 what's your name。Please do， because that can be really powerful。

 especially like you're in a club and a girl looks at you， for example， in a bar or something。

 especially if a girl gives you kind of an indicator she's interest。

 She gives you a little lore because she stands next to you in the bar and bumps next to you or one of these I O。

 as they call them indicators of interest。😊，Then often， I won't use a pre frame。

 It's kind of because she's already invited me。 If a girl looks at me and gives me a little smile。

 happens sometimes then I'll walk over and go， hey， what's your name， I don't need to say， hey。

 I was just over there with my friends。 And I saw you。 And then I noticed you wink at me。

 and I thought I'd come over here。 Yeah， it's too much now。 Now we're losing power。

 Where if I was sitting at a cafe with my friends and a girl walked past。

 And she maybe glanced at me， but didn't just because she's looking at。Things。

 she's not looking at me like onm a sexual prospect。 She's just looking at me as an object。

And then I'd get up， and I run after her， and I had didn't have my shoes on because I like taking my shoes off when I'm at restaurants。

 That's just me。 And I run up to a barefoot。 and I say， hey， listen。

 I was just sitting having a coffee with my friend and。I saw you。

 and I didn't even have time to put my shoes on。 I just ran over here to meet you because you're fucking sexy。

 So what's your name， Okay， cool， that makes sense， right？ That's， that's contextual。

 I'm explaining what happened。I mean， I don't have to。 I could have just run up and gone， whoa。

 stop for a second。I didn't have time to put my shoes on。 What's your name？ And then she's like。

 why don't you have your shoes。And then I can explain， oh， well。

 I was sitting with my friend and blah， blah， blah。ok， so。That's that's the second thing。

 The preframe buys you some margin for error， which especially when you're beginning。

 you're going out and trying this out for the first time。

 You're going to need every advantage that you can get because often you won't be very calibrated because you'll be unaware and nervous。

 And that's that's totally normal， totally natural that when you're first doing your first。

 I don't know。 several hundred approaches。 And guys are like， I have to do several hundred。 Oh yeah。

 you need to meet many， many women to get good at this。

 This is not this course and no other course will be able to teach you how to approach one woman and get get a girlfriend。

 Anyone who's telling you that is lying to you。 Unfortunately。

That's actually not unfortunate because it's a beautiful process。 Once you get into the swing of it。

 you understand that the rejections are not personal， that every interaction is a chance to learn。

 right， Because right now， I'm your dating coach。 I'm your digital dating coach。

 And I'm probably the best digital dating coach out there。

 And I'll give you really important information。 But do you know who is going to be your better dating coaches。

😊，The hundreds of women that you're going to meet， every woman that you meet is your dating coach。

 Think of it like that， because every woman that you meet is giving you a whole lot of advice。

 She's not saying， hey， listen， bud， here's the advice I want to give you about your approach。

 But in her reaction to you。She's giving you advice。

RightSo that's why when you go up with a preframe and you and you open。Hey， listener。

I can see that you're on the phone right now。 Do you mind just calling that person back。

 I know that's a bit audacious， but I need to talk to you。Okay， she gets off the phone。

 And she's like， what， what do you want。 And you say， well， I was over there。 she's like， sorry， bud。

 I gotta go。 And then she gets back on the phone。Right， so I started out， Okay， right。

 I I went in and I used a preframe to get off the phone。But I didn't calibrate。 I didn't think， well。

 allright， she's busy and she's doing something。 You know， she， her attention is not on me。

And I've used a preframe intelligently， and I've gotten five seconds of a time。

 And instead of me coming clear， clearly into the conversation and saying。If that's your mom。

 tell her， I'm sorry， but you are gorgeous。 So I have to， I have to meet you。 What's your name。

RightInstead of that， I fumbled and started to preframe again and say to explain myself about how I was down the road and something I was there and then she's like。

 I don't have time for this。And then she gets back on the phone。 Now。

 I can take that as a rejection and go， I suck or she sucks。

Or I can think she was my dating coach right now。 What did you just teach me。 Yeah。

 she taught me in a situation where I have a small amount of time where the girl is not focused on me。

 I need to be clear and direct and get to the fucking point。😡，Cool， next interaction。

 And I move on and I learn more， right。So。That's the。

 that's the core reasons why we're going to be using our pre frames。

 It buys you a little bit of extra time， gives you more room to move when you need more room。

 And most importantly， it tells the girl。I get it。 I understand as a man approaching you that this is unusual or weird in this context。

 And that's why if it's at a party， like you know， a friend' party where that girl over there is the friend of the friend that。

 you know， I don't need to go over there and say， hey， look。

 I was over on the other side of the room at the party of the dude。 we both know。 And， you know。

 I know this is a little bit strange。 But I just thought I have to come over here。 Like she's like。

 what， what are you talking about。 We're at a party。 I know， Jason， you know， Jason， just say hi。

 So I don't need to preframe in that situation。 many situations I don't need to preframe。

 if it's kind of sorry， a warm environment an environment or a salsa class or a class of any type。

 really or kind of festival where people are sociable or lots of public events where people are going into the event。

 knowing that they going to interact with people。 And they want to。😊，Right。

This is more for use on the street or in a cafe or something where the girl is not expecting to be approached。

Doesn't necessarily want to be。 She hasn't given you any clear signals。

And so you're going over and saying， hey， look， I get it。 This is not the usual thing to do。 However。

 and I can see that right now， you are doing something。 I can see you're on the phone。

 I can see you shopping。 I can see you're talking to your friends。I get it， however。

 because I'm compelled by your amazing feminine radiance。

 I have to come over here and introduce myself。 Alright， so that lets her know， okay， cool。

 He's a socially calibrated guy。 and he's bold。 That's a good combination。

 That's a good place for you to start。😊，Right。So the next thing and the final thing I want the point to take away is in terms of how do you construct the preframes。

 As I said， you can have a bunch of kind of prerecorded ones in your pocket。 Sure use those。

 I'm not crazy。 I'm not a robber。 You know， I know this is weird。

 I don't know how if you do things like this in X country， but in my country we do。

These are kind of good pre frames I can play with， but better still is to start looking at building specific preframes。

So as I was talking about earlier， you can sit in a public place。

 watch the girl pull it apart and go， yeah， right， she's carrying a yoga match。

 She's walking faster than everyone else。 So therefore， my pre frame could be， what。Hey， listen。

 I can see you're in a rush to yoga class， but blah， blah， blah。Yeah， or she's talking to her。

 She's meeting a friend。I see you。 I said So I just made a friend。So I go over and I say， he。

 excuse me， ladies。 I can see you guys just met up。 You probably wantanna catch up。

 I'm not gonna take too much of your time， but and then I introduce myself。 Allright。

 so it shows good social calibration and reading this situation。Essentially， I see it。😊。

And then I say very simple formula。 So you can go out there and try this out in your interactions。

Try it with a pre frame。 And then every 2， three times， try it without a pre frame。

 If a girl gives you a look， a little smile， don't worry about。

 just we'll walk over there and say hi。 So very powerful tool， very useful。😊。

But don't get stuck on it。 Don't get rigidly attached to it， and don't script it。Try it out。

 You'll see that has really profound effects。