# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：02.接近--初级到高级【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼。Did anyone approach anyone during lunchtime。Wow。😮，Magical。

 that really makes me happy because that's a huge motivation for me to do this job。

 How can I empower men。😊，To believe in themselves enough and overcome their limitations that when they see someone they're attracted to。

 that theyre able to follow that impulse。 They're able to actually go and spread their rainbow into that person's world。

 Some of you may have heard this before， but I literally imagine that your masculine energy is like a rainbow。

 and you're like gezing it all over the world。😊，Its shooting it into people's spaces。But I'm serious。

 though， if you're able to walk down the street， make eye contact with other people and say hi to someone。

 that can really impact their day。 And if you're doing that all the time。

 you become someone who's charismatic and who's able to have an impact on the people around them。😊。

And it's very inspiring for me to think of a room full of you guys and all of everyone watching at home that I'm sending out some of my own rainbow jazzers and jizzing it on your faces。

😊，And you guys are all taking a little bit of that inspiration。

 And I think of myself like a sexual drug deal。 You know， it's like I'm， I'm creating sleeper cells。

 I'm creating like a distribution network of these good vibes。

 And then when one of you guys sleeps with a woman， it's kind of like I'm there。😊，In spirit。

 you know， I was proud of that。Sir。Today， what I want to talk about is what are the simple。

Things you should focus on when you do want to approach a woman。

 You see someone you're attracted to and you want to go engage her。 How do you do it。

And how do you make the first 30 seconds count。Cause that's the time block where you're most likely to get rejected or to reject yourself。

Who's had an experience where they've went up and talked to a woman said， hi， How's it going。

 She said，m okay， what's your name， Sarah， O， I'm Liam。Anyway， by and left。 Anyone had that。

It's so easy to reject yourself during that time period because you're overwhelmed or the situation is too high pressure for you。

So I want to look at simple ways to make the first 30。

30 seconds good and how to make approaches good in general。Who would like to learn about that？

 Give me a yeah。All right。So what is our intention。

 What's the first thing that you should be thinking and feeling when you see a woman。

 It is something simple。If you have a complex intention like I'm going to go there and I'm going to say a funny line about her hat。

 and then I'm going to ask her a very clever and interesting question to show her I'm a deep intelligent guy。

 and then I'm going to smoothly ask for a number by mentioning an event that's happening nearby。

If you're trying to go over with all of that shit in your mind and then try and make a good first impression。

It's impossible。 It's like you're already thinking three steps ahead about everything you're going to say and trying to prejudge how she's going to react。

So the best way to approach someone is to keep your intention very simple。That intention is。

 I want to meet her。When you're looking at it， project that。I want to meet you。

That clears space for you to focus on what really matters。Your eye contact。Your body language。

Listening to what she says。And it also。It gives you。How do I say this。Gives you space and clarity。

To feel into what she's saying。And。Gives you time to think。And it allows you to。

Have an achievable goal。So。It means that when you see her standing there。

If your goal is to get her number or to fuck her or to take her on a date。

 then you're putting so much pressure on yourself about。What you're supposed to achieve about。

 what's supposed to happen。Whereas if you have an intention， I want to meet you。

Even if she tells you to flock off， you've completed your objective to feel like， all right。

 I'm going go over there。 Something compels me to meet this person to interact with it。

 to see what she's liked。 And if I follow that inspiration。 and I'm walking over to her。

And I met her。 and I say， hi， she goes。Hi， like。I had to meet you。 You looked great in that dress。

Okay， that's weird。Are you enjoying this day？ No， if fucking hate my life。 Everything's shit。

My boyfriend just got out of jail， and I don't even know if I want to be with him anymore。

You might realize， okay， I met her。I don't particularly want to continue this conversation。

But you still completed your objective。And that takes a lot of the pressure off yourself。

It stops you from feeling like， oh， this is this overwhelming thing。

 Like even if I meet her and she rejects me。I can pat myself on the back and said， well。

 I followed my intention。I met it。So keep the mindset very simple at the beginning。

The second thing you want to do when you get there is communicate to her。

That you understand that it's a little strange for a man who doesn't know a woman to come and introduce himself。

 It's not particularly part of our culture， especially not during the day on the street。

So this is what we call a pre frame where you're framing。In advance。

 what it is that you're doing and you're acknowledging that you understand that it's outside of the social boundaries。

So you might say something like。Hi， I know this sounds strange。That's the prefront。

 You're releasing the pressure a bit。But I thought you were beautiful。

 And that's the direct specific compliment。You might say， don't worry。I'm not a robotbo。

But I came here to fight with you。If you're in an area where there are a lot of street salesmen。

 you might say， don't worry， I'm not one of those street salesmen guys。

 I'm just here because I'm attracted to you。So the preframe is just something that。

It actually serves a few functions。 The main one is showing her， I get it。 I know， this is weird。And。

😔，It also allows her to answer the throbbing question in her mind。 What the fuck does this guy want。

If you just come up without a preframe and you go， hi， I'm Li。 She's like， oh， hi， and you're like。

 good weather today She's like， yeah， like， so what's your plans today。😊。

What's the main thing she's thinking in that moment？What the fuck does this guy want。

 What is he doing， Is he trying to sell me drugs， Is he like a club promoter。

 Is he like some kind of Christian preacher trying to ask me if I have heard about Jesus or a satanic preacher asking me to come to sacrifice a goat with him。

 What the fuck does he want。 And that's really where， as we spoke about before。

 the creepiness comes into it。Because。It's like， okay。

 he's acting like it's totally normal when it's very fucking obvious that it's not。

And trying to just play it off like， cool。So then just this simple act of acknowledging that bursts the bubble。

 There's pressure that builds and grows。 And then you're just saying， I know this is weird。

 And she's like， oh okay， good。 He's。That's his here because he wants to float with me。

 not for any other weird reason。And that allows her to make an assessment。

 whether she wants to engage with that or not。The other thing that it does。

Is it shows to her that you have an understanding of how you're making her feel。

 It demonstrates social calibration instantly。She instantly understands， okay。

 this guy is able to see how he's making other people feel。He's not just doing his thing at me。

 He's saying， hey。I'm going to engage you in a second。

But I want you to know that I don't want to put pressure on you。

But here's the way I'm going to engage you。Flutatiously。

Taking her through that process is already starting the interaction on a really positive note。And。

Part of the reason this is attractive is。For some primal reason。

 problem solving is attractive to women。 It's hot。 And as James said before， in terms of leadership。

 part of the reason for that is that a man who can solve problems makes the woman's experience of life easier if you're on a street corner and it's raining after a date。

And， you know， you're holding an umbrella， and you're just kind of like。

 umbrella is getting blown away in the wind。 And you're just like， what are we gonna do。

She needs a man that can say， all right， let's step back 2 m under the fucking covers and not get rained on。

Or step out in the street and say， taxi。 And someone else is like， I thought you' like， no， no。

 we need to go。 It's important。 She's got very precious hair。

Someone who can take simple direction in that kind of situation。ho you know。She's freezing cold。

 You can offer her。Your jumper。She's standing with a bright light in her eyes。

 You can get her to move into the shade。Those little moments of you solving a very simple problem that makes her experience better。

Communicate so many powerful things about you as a man。

It shows that you care about her emotional state， that you're intuitive enough to see how she's feeling in that moment。

And it shows her。That， you know you can be a leader。So。You don't have to do this preframe verbally。

It is possible to communicate all that just with a look and a body language posture。

 I can come to a woman and I go， hi， I'm Ly。And just be very neutral。 or I could say， hi。啊。I'm Liam。

And just with that little action， what I'm doing is when I say hi， and I'm pausing like that。

 I'm using that silence to communicate with my eyes like， I'm attracted to。 I'm showing appreciation。

 I'm here because I find you to be a beautiful woman。😊。

And then when I'm like consciously and purposely being like a little bit shy and just showing that I'm also experiencing the first meeting two strangers talking moment。

 I'm through my own body language in my own way。 I'm showing like， I know this is a bit weird。

 but my name's Liam， So let's me。So I'm showing that and letting her feel that I get that。

 even though it's nonverbal。If you're new to this， it's really good to actually verbalize that just so that to make sure the message is clear。

 But in the end， you don't want to have to say to every single girl for the rest of your life higher I So you from over there。

 And the reason I'm here is because of this。You want to get to the point where you can communicate that stuff in your own unique way。

So you've gone over and approached the woman with a simple mindset。You've preframed it。

 so she knows he's not a serial killer。 And now what do you say， you give her a direct compliment。

So what is the direct component， The， the more specific you can make it。The better。

 So you can go up and say， hi， I I saw you from over there。 And I thought you look nice。

That's a pretty bland word。 It's like the white bread of words。

I want to give us something more spicy， something with more power， something more evocative。

 So you could say， wow， the way you walk to me is evocative。😊，The way you move is essential。

 and I was drawn in。Say I was entranced by you。 And you don't have to become a poet and go and like take a scroll and read her out of whole fucking sillyly。

 but。Being conscious of。Actually， in first， internally， discovering what it is about her。

 Why did you want to meet her， What drew you in， if it's just the way you stand there makes you look so cool and calm。

If it's like， you look like you're busy and I like someone who has direction， whatever it is。

Express that to her。Because a pattern that we often see on our live coaching programs is guys saying。

 you look beautiful to every single woman。😊，And that is bad for one reason。

 because she's heard that many times before， and it's not that inventive。

 And for the other reason that it stops you from accessing your creativity and actually。

Channelling what inspired you to speak to her and becomes just a robotic line that you repeat all the time。

 So every time you improvise something and you， you take something unique about that woman and you go ahead and tell her that。

 youre giving yourself an opportunity to train that improvisational muscle。

So another element that's going to make your approach really good is state matching。

You want to look at her facial expression， her posture。 And if she's walking。

 the pace she's moving at。If she's pacing down the street like very aggressively and you're coming in。

Hey， what's up， You like a cool。Southern California and vibe， like so。

Then it's gonna be very hard for you to engage it。 She's gonna like， okay， what， what's going on？

 She's gonna keep walking。You're going to need to use a little more power or be a lot more commanding with your presence。

 You going to be like， wow， you look amazing。 I can see you're in a rush。😊，But。

I love the intensity that you move up。Whereas if she's walking like this， holding a map。

 looking up at the buildings。She's obviously a tourist。Maybe you can even just go in with high。

 You can just say， hi， She's like， hey， what's up。And so matching what energy level she's at。

 If she looks like she just had a really busy day， She's sitting at the bus stop and you come up like。

 hey， what's up， Wow， you blow me away， She's just like， whoa， dude。 I just had a fucking long day。

 Let me just take a breath。If you can see what state she's in and drop into that and meet her halfway。

 again， it's communicating social intuition。 And it's just having the effect that you're much more likely to。

Be vibrating on the same wavelength。A lot of guys ask me， how should I know when to give up？

 And I like to summarize this simply with looking for her eye contact。

 whether she's investing in the conversation and whether she stops。 So I like to think about it。

 like， would she give this much attention to a crazy， homeless guy。

Because sometimes students on our program， they'll stop a girl shell stop。

 They'll ask what she's studying， and she'll explain what it is。 And then they'll go。

 I didn't feel like she liked me， and they'll walk off。And I'm like。Of course。

 she liked you a little bit。 She wouldn't have。 if a crazy humbleless guy with tuna in his beard。

 And like if fucking can crow on his shoulder that was going， like， hey， who what's up。

 Where are you studying， Would she stand there and answer， No。

 she's giving him three signs of investment， which is eye contact。

 giving answering a crazy guy on the streets questions and stopping to give her full attention。

 She doesn't have to do that。 She could just easily walk off。So if she giving you those three signs。

 it's a really good sign that she's into you or at least curious。 If she's not giving you those。

 probably better to give up。 obviously， at more advanced levels of seduction。

 you can handle her objections。 And you can work your way into getting past that initial hesitation。

 But for you guys who are starting out， it's gonna be really demoralizing。

 if you're gonna persist with every girl who's like walking， breaking out contact。

 giving you one word answers， you're like， I just， I thought I could so better to just。

Eject out of that set and approaching another girl who's going to invest more。嗯。

Another thing that's gonna make your approach really powerful is what we call split timing。

So that's the difference between， hi， I saw you over there。 I thought you were really cute。

 And I want to come over and say， hi， that's why I'm here。 I'm Liam。

You can just blurt all of that out in one go。 You can just dump all of that onto her and be like。

 here， deal with this entire complicated thing。 She's like， whoa， shit。 What the fuck。

 A guy's talking to me on the street。 And now who really doesn't want me to think he's weird。

 but easy weird。 And it's like so overwhelming。 literally throwing her psychologically off balance。

Whereas when you come up and you say， notice the split timing here。

 I'm putting a pause in between each section for a dramatic effect。Hi。

I know this sounds a little bit weird， but。He looked gravishing， and I had to say hi。I'm La。

This has a much more powerful effect。And the first reason in is because it gives her time to digest what's happening。

 She's like， whoa， stranger is talking to me。 Oh， okay， he's alright， he's not crazy。

 he's fltting with me。 Okay， cool， All right， let's see where this goes。

ItGives her time to figure out what's happening， to gather her own thoughts and be like， whoa。

 what okay？I get what's going on。And it also gives you time。

To see how she's responding to each thing， if you just b it all out at once。

 you're focusing so much on what you're delivering that you're not actually noticing all of the cues she's giving you。

 As soon as you say the first word， she's gonna be giving you nonverbal signals of how she's reacting to。

 And we're not gonna get too crazy and microanalyze every detail of how her shoulder twitches or whatever。

 But if you say hi and she' like instantly looks a bit irritated， you know。

 you probably need to be even more gentle with the prefront。 be like， hi， and she's like， like， whoa。

 sorry， I don't mean to scare you。I just came over here because I thought you were beautiful。 Sorry。

 I'm Le。 So you， you're engaging and recognizing， okay， I I can see that I startled you。

 You look literally verbally and non verbalbally communicating that。😊，Whereas if you say hi。

 and she goes， hi。And you're like。You look great。Thanks。Already。

 you don't have to launch into of the hole。 I know it's weird， but she's already into it。 She's like。

 yeah， I， I get it。 I'm happy。😊，And I guess the final reason split timing is powerful is it means you can focus on actually delivering what you're saying with authenticity。

 You're not just there to like。Say the thing that you learned in the from the pickup guy。

 You're there to actually feel her， see how she's affecting you in real time and let that energy take you over。

 even if that means you're nervous， even if that means you say， hi。I'm a little bit nervous。

You are looking amazing。I just wanted to meet you。 I'm lean。 That can actually be really charming。

 because。She's feeling like， wow， this is a combination of a guy being vulnerable。

And also courageous and brave at the same time。 And those two things are really strongly connected。

 because。Being brave means opening yourself up to risks and you're being vulnerable by。

 by allowing her to potentially judge you。 But you're also showing that you're willing to expose yourself like that to the world and take that risk。

So。Like just to go off track for a second， I've even had an example of this on date where I got this girl somehow。

 She didn't barely speak English。 She spoke only Russian in my limited Russia and I was like。

 come with me somehow managed to convince her to come in my apartment on the first date。

 And she was really tense And I was really tense too， because she was so fucking hot。 And I was like。

 how what am I I going to care so an hour。 I know I literally wrote a book on how to do that。 but。

How do I？I was overcome with these sensations。 And so what I did to neutralize that was because we couldn't speak。

 I can say， I'm a little nervous now。 I like Google translate。 yeah， I'm not a risk this。

 So I just took a hand。 and I said， come here， and I put it on my neck。

And she could feel my heart was racing like boom， boom， boom boom。

 And this allowed us to come physically close。 And also for me to say， like， hey， I'm a human。

 I know you're nervous right now being in the stranger's apartment， but I am， too。You。

 I'm not some psycho like American psycho killerer dude。

 I'm just like a dude who got you on the date。 And now we're laying my bed。

 and it's weird for both of us。So。That's a powerful principle in general。

 It's always better to call out the uncomfortableness and neutralize it than to just try and pretend it's not there。

So what's the first thing you should talk about once you've delivered the open eye， you've。

 you've set the clear intention， you've gone over， preframe。 she knows you' not weird。

 you're floatinging with her and you're like， and I think you look gorgeous。 She's like， thanks。

Do we have sex now or what is the more。So， of course， you have to take the conversation somewhere。

 You have to take control of it。And the simplest thing to do in that situation is to ask her a question that's very easy for her to answer。

The mistake many men make is they think， I don't want to be like all those other kind of boring dudes who ask generic questions about what she's studying and what a job is。

And I'm going to differentiate myself。 I'm a little more intellectual， if you will。

 a little more cool。 So I'm going to ask her something deep to show her that I cut through the bullshit and talk real with her。

 So I'm going to say， yeah， I think you're beautiful。 She says， thanks。😊。

So tell me your deepest passion。And on some level， that maybe intuitively feels like it's a good way to break through you know。

 the war between between two strangers。 But often the effect that it has。

 especially for a man approaching a woman who who they've never met before。

Is it just increases the pressure on her to the point where she's like， this is weird。

 I want to leave。Now。I'm not saying that you should never put pressure on a woman。 Of course。

 throughout this aduction， there's going to be times when need to challengell her。

When you need to hold eye contact on her。Give her a little grin。

There's going to be times where you have to put that pressure on her to show her that you can sit in it。

And challenge her intellectually and physically。But not in the first 30 seconds。

 Save that for later on in the day。In the first 30 seconds。

 your intention is to clearly communicate your desires。

 while also making her feel relaxed and comfortable and encouraging her to contribute more。

 So what is's the first thing we should say。😊，Something very simple， like， what are you doing today。

Now that can sound like it's a boring question， but the actual effect it has in that moment is that she goes。

 oh。Pick me。 I know the answer to this one。 I'm going to work。 You're like， correct。 And it's like。

 good， just sets up this little loop of her having an easy way to start engaging you。

 And as James either already talked about or will'll talk about in his conversation class， he。

T teaches you ways that you can actually use those simple questions and simple answers。 Oh yeah。

 we had the example about going to the Croatian coast。

 that can be a beginning point to start to go deeper。

 to start to explore who she really is as a person and show that you're not a guide who's just going ask 50 boring questions。

 but you're allowed to ask one。 You got to pass for the first question。

So ask something simple that she can answer easily。

So then the final piece that I want to talk about today is in the context of approaching a woman you don't know and getting a number。

You want to end it after the conversation with some kind of contextual close。

 So you're gonna to ask for a number and explain what it was about her that made you want to see her again。

So， you might say。It's been great speaking to you。 I find you have a really curious mind。

 So I'd love to take you out for coffee sometime。 What's your number。😊，Or you might say。

 I never thought I would meet a black medal fan here in this city。 and seems like deestinny。

 we should meet again。 What's your number。Or you might say。系啊。I'm not quite sure about you。

 You seem like。You have a little bit of edgy darkness in you， which I want to find more about。

And I'm curious， so let's go for a drink。What's number。So in this situation。

 you're letting her know what it was about her that enchanted you。 You're not just saying。

 I'm here to do the pick。 So give me the number close。It's like， what what does that even mean？So。

The final thing that I want to close with is just the mindset of being the kind of guy that pulls the trigger。

 What does it mean to actually ask for the number And what does pulling the trigger mean。

 It's any moment where you have to take one of those little risks。To go and approach it。

 that's a risk。To ask her probing question， that's another risk that you're taking。

To ask for a number， again， you're pulling the trigger。And this is something that。

I wrote literally a whole book around is the idea of being someone who can take those risks。

 that's what rapid escalation is about， about seeing an opportunity and not knowing how it's going to go and taking the risk anyway。

So。That applies when you're asking for the numberbo， but。

Every time you ask for the number you're training that trigger pulling muscle inside of you。

And that's going to become useful in many other situations， later on。

When you're on the date and you have to ask her。ToCom upstairs when you have to ask her into the bedroom。

And even beyond。The realm of seduction and into your career in your life。

 there are going to be other moments where being the kind of person that has practiced。

 not knowing what they're going to do， not knowing whether they're gonna to get the right result and doing it anyway is going to pay off。

It has huge applications in business and in building social circles and lifestyle design。

And making new friends and influencing the world around you。So。What I'm trying to say here is。

Every time you're speaking with a woman， you should at least attempt to ask for a number。

 even if you think it didn't go well。Because you either get the number。And potentially see her again。

 or you get an experience of you pulling the trigger and you assert to your subconscious that you're the kind of guy who can take those risks。

So if you're not sure if she likes you， feel like， I wasn't going that well， ask anywhere。

So let's review what we've coveredd。For seeing the girl， we have a very simple first intention。

 I want to meet you We' not cladding our brain up with anything complicated。Then we're walking over。

 saying hi。Pause， watch her reactions， see， check in with her。

 see with your eyes and so that she registers， okay， he's here。Explain what the fuck you're doing。

 Hey， I know this is weird。 this isn't normal in your city。 I know a stranger， I'm not a salesman。

Give a direct specific compliment， but you look gorgeous。 You look ravishing。

 Your style is really unique。 I love how you've matched all these colors。 And I had to meet you。

 I'm Li。😊，She introduces herself。And you release the pressure。

 you allowed her to come into the situation。And then you ask a simple question to get the conversation going。

 what's up， what are you doing today， What do you do for a job？And then。You ask for a number。

And hopefully， she says yes。Thank you。