# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：02.为什么要诱惑【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼。Welcome to the dating Accccelerator course I'm James Marshall and I will be your digital dating coach for the remainder of the course Now I put this course together with a simple idea in mind How do I help a guy go from dateless to get in dates from scarcity to having an abundance of women in his life So that's my mission over this course is to help you to understand the nuts and bolts the why and the how of how to see a woman that you like to be able to go go over there。

 have a conversation with her and have a decent chance of getting on a date。

So there will be no complicated concepts。 I'm not going be teaching you scripts and lines。

 I'm not even going to be looking at the huge big picture aspects of dating inuction。

 which I cover in my other courses。 I wanted to keep this course very simple， very practical。

 And it's primarily for men who have not done much cold approaching， as we say。

 seeing a girl on the street in a cafe in a bar at your university campus wherever it is that you see beautiful women and to be able to go over there。

 start a conversation and have a good shot at success。

So before we get into the course where I explained exactly how to do everything in terms of having the right mindsets。

 the right body language， the right things to say， having a map for navigating through a conversation that's going to be effective。

 being able to close as in to ask for a number or to make a move and to be able to lead that to an effective dating strategy。

We need to first， look at。The why behind the how。 right， So we first need to start to understand。

 what are your options as a modern male。In terms of how to go out there and meet women。Now。

 there are a number of strategies， of course， for meeting women and starting dating them。

 Some of them can yield some results with a lot of work and a lot of frustration。

 Others pretty much don't yield anything at all。 And then there are fairly simple。

 if not easy ways to go up and start a direct conversation with a woman and get things started without the need to。

Own a club or be amazingly well connected or to be able to pull off some。Yeah。

 like complicated kind of strategies in order to bring women in your life。

I have been a dating coach now for nearly 10 years。 I've taught thousands of men around the world。

 I've experimented with pretty much everything in terms of how do you get hot girls into your life。

 I've tried social circle。 I've tried online game， I've tried leveraging status and money。

 I've tried getting referrals through friends。I've tried。Pimping myself out on online media。

 social media platforms， trying to build an amazing kind of online presence。All sorts of things。

 And what I've seen over and over again is that all that stuff。 Yeah， I mean， it can， it can help。

 right， So I'm not saying that being in a band or。Having a cool social circle or being in a city where there's lots of beautiful women。

 for example， doesn't help。 Those things certainly can help。

But the thing that makes the biggest difference， the most effective channel for being able to choose women and bring the types of women that you want into your life is the very simple ability to go up to a stranger。

And start a good conversation。Without any。Extra pieces assisting you without any status or money or connections or even without having some kind of amazing opportunity。

 I think a lot of men think that the only way you can meet a woman that you don't know through your social circle is if you get this amazing opportunity right。

 So you're walking your dog。 She's walking her dog， you have the same breed of dog。

 and then the dog starts sniffing each other。 And then you've got an opportunity。

 You've got this this lucky break to meet this woman。😊，Right。

Or some synchronicity where she sits next to you on an aeroplane or。

 you know any of these things where we're relying on chance or fate or something outside of our own actions to bring us together with a woman。

 And there's lots of myths about that。 All romantic comedies are predicated on that being the way that men and women meet。

 They never meet because the guy just sees the girl and walks up and goes， hey， you look great today。

 What's your name。 that doesn't happen in Hollywood movies It's not written into the kind of romantic idealism that a lot of people carry around in their heads of how men and women should or do meet if they're meant to be together。

I don't believe anyone's meant to be with anyone。 I don't believe in fate。

 especially not when it comes to meeting romantic partners。Because if I believe in fate。

 it takes away my own ability to create my own fate。

 If I believe that there's the one out there waiting for me and sooner or later will bump into each other because the stars decree it because the gods have allowed it or something like that。

对那都是。Propel me or encourage me to go out there and make things happen on my own。

 It encourages me to be apathetic。To be weak and to wait for something or somebody else to do the work for me。

Now you've signed up for this course， not because of that。

 you didn't sign up and I didn't sell you the idea that okay。

 do this course and then just sit back and the one will come knocking on your door。You signed up。

Because you want to learn how to have control over your dating life。

 You want to be able to feel your masculine power， your desire。

And to be able to project it clearly without apology and without。Any tricks。

 routines or masks out into the world to the woman or women that you are actually interested in。

So in order to do that， firstly， it is important to look at what are the alternatives。

 What is the reality of modern dating today。And it's a pretty dark。Depressing and lonely place。

 if you start to step back from all of the hype and the romantic idealism and the myths that are sold to you and look at what is the harsh reality of dating if you don't know how to go up and start a conversation with a stranger。

If you've had a girlfriend before， let me ask you， how did you meet her。

Unless you've been practicing seduction for some time。

 probably you didn't meet her by seeing her on the street。

In a bookshop or wherever walking over to her and saying， hey， I saw you from over there。

You're looking great today。 What's your name， more likely。You met her through。University。

 through friends。Through an event。Through a party。Maybe online。Right。

So these these are the most common ways that men meet women today。

It's based around having a position within a social circle。

It's based around women coming into that social circle， not ones that you brought in。

 not ones you invited， but ones that came in because they wanted to learn the thing at university or they wanted to go and do an ultimate Frisbee class or whatever motivation the woman had。

 She comes into the social orbit that you have connections to。 So you know somebody who knows her。

 Yeah， or you or you are within an enclosed space， a container where it is okay to talk to each other because you're doing a combined activity。

And this isn't bad Like some of my girlfriends， I met that way。 back in fact。

 all my girlfriends before I got into the selection， I met that way。 I met them through my band。

 through a party， through a friend of a friend， through an event。And that's fine。 Okay。

 like people will hook up like that。 the vast majority of people on this planet。

If they haven't got into a relationship。When they do， it will be that way。

 It will be through their extended networks and their social circles。

And I'm not saying that's a terrible thing， what I'm saying is that that is a very limited thing。

The reality is that unless you have an extraordinary social circle。

I don't know you're you're a promoter in a club or you own the club or all of your friends are amazing social butterflies。

 and they all know dozens of people that are also social butterflies and they draw each other into each other's orbits and then put on these great events and then you meet these amazing people through that。

 unless you exist in that world。Your choice of women is very limited。And the reality is。

You may think your last girlfriend， you chose her。And you chose it because you really。

 really liked it。 You were super compatible with each other。

 And she was someone you were really interested in。Sure， that's possible。 Okay， there is。

 there is a chance possibility that a woman that is hyper compatible with you who is your ideal type of woman came into your social orbit。

 and then you were introduced some way。 and then you guys hooked up and then that was perfect。

Of course， that has happened and will happen in the history of humanity。

 but it is actually fairly rare。 What actually happens most of the time is that you meet a woman and you have a choice of between one and something like five available women in your social world。

That's pretty standard。 If you have an extraordinary social circle。

 maybe that blows out to 20 or so or maybe more beautiful women。 But still， that's。

 that's less women， less beautiful and compatible women than you could meet if like in an extraordinary social circle。

 say a couple of dozen prospective awesome girls。That is still less than the amount of extraordinary girls you could meet today day in your average。

 decent sized。City， if you knew how to go up there and start a compelling conversation with her。

And this is where we start to see that the amount of effort put in and the return on the investment。

For different other strategies for meeting women。Are awful in terms of their return on investment compared to the ability to go and start a conversation。

I was a musician for many years，10 years。I was a semi semi professional musician。

 I played in a band that was pretty popular in a big city， Melbourne， Australia，4 million people。

 cool city。We my band and I played gigs every weekend more or less so we would play sort of 50 plus shows a year。

 we were fairly well known。 we we could fill a room with a couple of hundred cool people。

 we traveled around the country touring so I was。A musician who had enough status。

That girls would think I was cool if they were in the room and they saw me on stage。

 they'd probably think I was cool。 I would have an advantage over the other guys in the room。 Yeah。

 I would be more attractive to， to women。 So you would think， okay。

 that's a pretty awesome situation， right， You've got access to hundreds of women。😊。

That you don't know through this extended social network。

 I had a very high level of status in those scenarios。

 I wasn't a rock star by international standards。 No one knew me over in America。 But okay。

 in my city， especially sometimes just in one room。 I was the most famous guy in the room。

 And you would think cool。 All right， I must be slaying it with the ladies。

 It must be getting laid all the time。Did I get gries， Yeah。

 did I get laid because of being in a band， Yeah， but when I look back over my statistics， the cold。

 raw facts of it， I got laid because of music。About 12 times。😡。

So let's say about 12 girls I had sex with because I was in a band。And you may think， well。

 that sounds like a lot。Its， I mean， it's a lot on average of terms of like the average guy who doesn't really know anything about seduction。

 But keep in mind， I have dedicated。Better part of 10 years to learning this。

 I have now approached thousands of women。 I've slept with hundreds of women。

 and the amount of effort I had to put in to get a girl from the street is nothing compared to the amount of effort it took me to get one girl out of the musical scene。

Because for every one of those girls that I slept with， that was hours and hours of rehearsal。

 huge amounts of effort putting into shows， dozens of shows where I was playing and then nothing happened。

 I didn't get anyone and if I'm to be truly honest。

 the quality of the girls that I got directly as groupies was not high。

Now I'm sure if I was Kanye West or Justin Timberlake or something， the quality of group is。

🎼Beautiful， I'm sure those guys do just fine。 But as a， you know， just an average musician。

 the girls that thought I was awesome and came up to me and talked to me after the show or made it easy on me。

 they were just very average looking girls。 Nothing special when I think back there was one out of one girl out of my entire musical career where I was like Dan。

 that girl was fucking hot。 and I got her more or less because of music。 Okay。

10 years of music to get one hot girl。😊，🎼Is that worth it luckily I enjoyed playing music as well。

 it wasn't the only reason that I was doing it， but it was a big motivation。😊。

RightSo I give you this example to kind of blow this myth apart that。

The way you get beautiful women is by having a high status position。Now， I will return to this idea。

Several times throughout this course。 And it， it's not a bad thing to build your status。 And， yes。

 it can help you。Things really started to move in my seduction life when I combined my ability to go and meet women cold with my social circle with my lifestyle。

 So I would go out， practice seduction， meet a girl， invite her on a date。

 and then maybe on a second date， I would invite her to come and see me play Not the first date。

 because I wanted to spend some real time with her first。

 But maybe the second date I't invite it to the show。 And yeah， okay。

 maybe she would be more impressed then， and maybe it would make my life easier。But overall。

 I realized over time that I didn't need this crutch。

 and I'd been putting way too much effort into it， hoping that that would deliver returns to me。

So be aware。That your alternatives。It cold approaching。Are not effective。

 even if they deliver some return over time， the amount of effort you put in is not worth the amount you get back。

Unless， of course， you are really enjoying the thing that you're doing。

 so I do encourage you to develop your lifestyle。 I won't be covering lifestyle design in this product。

 It's， it's a whole other huge area of studying in and of itself。

 But it is something that I encourage。 I talk about the three pillars of seductive success。

 The three primary areas that you should be working on in order to become a well roundunded man to become an actualized person。

 someone who feels like they have a reason， a drive that they are full of passion and enjoying their life that they are able to balance not just the exterior。

😊，Aspects of running up and saying things and doing the pickup。

 But that they are also developing their internal core， their sense of self esteem， confidence。

 calm balance。Growth， all the inner game work。Which is the second pillar。

 so the first pillar being seductive like actually seductive skills。

 So this is what we are mainly dealing with in this product， The second pillar being your inner game。

 your internal aspects and the third pillar being lifestyle design。

 which is how it is that you construct your life， How it is that you spend your time。

 What kind of people do you spend your time with， What are you working towards Who do you want to become。

 What is the legacy that you want to leave， what is the impression that you want to imprint onto the planet。

 right， These are big questions and ones that you should be considering。So， yes， of course， you can。

 you need to be working on these three elements， sometimes in conjunction with each other。

 sometimes focusing in on one and， and。Emphasizing one over the other because you want to really work on something。

 And that's what I want you to be doing with this course is is looking at really emphasizing the social。

 practical aspects of being able to go from， I don't have enough girls in my life to I know how to meet lots of girls and I can get myself a date this week if I want to and I can start dating some awesome women But in order to do that。

 you need to let go of the idea。That there are easy ways to do this， that there is。

 that there is some kind of hack or trick。诶。Or passive way to draw women into your life。

 I've experimented with so many different ways。 And I can tell you。Having a ban， putting on parties。

Being socially connected with cool people， all that stuff is useful。

 It adds to the color of your life。 It's fun， but it doesn't get you laid very often。

 It doesn't get you girlfriends as easily。And certainly not as efficiently。

As going out there and finding a girlfriend。So how else do men try and do this？Through the Internet。

So when I first started out dating， it was back in the 90s。

 there was no internet or it was in its very early forms。And so that wasn't even an option。

 but of course， we now live in an era where large numbers of people do meet online。

Applications like Tinder， Bumble， mose， niche。Dating websites。

 like these are things that a lot of people are now experimenting with。And yes。

 you can certainly meet a woman online。 You can get on and swipe and swipe and swipe and swipe。

 And if you've got decent photos and you don't look hideous and you're within a certain and you're choosing within a certain age range。

Then yeah， likely you， you may be able to get yourself some dates online。However。

 and I've experimented， as a dating coach， it's my job to understand all options and I've experimented thoroughly with online game from the earliest formers back back in myspace and old dating websites where people would sit down and write long letters。

Through to the more modern application based stuff primarily around Tinder。And have I got laid， Yes。

 sure， I've met some girls off offline online and got them from online to offline in my bed。 Yes。

 that that can happen。 I've， I've done that。 But again， the amount of effort。

And the amount of frustration。Compared to the amount of return is absolutely not worth it。

I can get on my phone now and I can swipe right and I can do that for an hour and I'm a pretty good looking guy and I have a lot of good photos。

 I have professional cameramen around me。 I live in all sorts of locations。

 I do a lot of interesting things。 so I've put together good photos for my social media。😊，And yet。

I will go from city to city and I do that when I'll rock up to a city and I'll just spend whatever 10 minutes doing that just to see what happens。

Very occasionally， a jam pops up。 a girl that's hot， and she's aimed to into me。 Okay。

 so it's worth me doing that for 10 minutes and then forgetting about it。 But interestingly， to see。

 as I experiment with this。What happens is I get 99%。 No， no matches of the girls that do match me。

One in10 ever return the first text， one in10 of those will they ever meet。

That's the likelihood is that for any match that you get on any of these applications。

 the likelihood you'll see here is something like  one in 100。Alright。

 so you are putting a lot of time and a lot of mental focus and energy into something that yields awful results。

 Now， for a woman。Tinder is a godsend。 like these online dating for women is， I would say， a very。

Useful thing。She can screen large amounts of men， she has a huge amount of option because pretty much any man。

We'll go with almost any woman if she's presentable enough。

 if she gives him signals that she's interested。It's very， very easy for her to meet guys。

And the same goal。That let's say on the street considers herself to be a technical sex。

Right and then I'm not saying that that means she's a good or a bad person。

 it's just that in terms of the hierarchy of beauty out there。

 there are some people that most people consider to be a ten。There are some， there are very few。

 And there are many people that most people consider to be， you know，7。 She's cute。 Yeah， yeah， Id。

 Id， I'd bang her maybe I'd date her if she's got a great personality。

 And then there's a girl we would call a6 who is， okay， Yeah， I'd sleep with her。 And I。

 I don't know。 I probably wouldn't see her again。 I wouldn't feel that proud of myself doing it。

And a girl like that online， if she has some cutish photos。

We'll get buried in attention from men of very high calibre。

Because so many men are terrified to go and talk to girls。 They don't know how to do it。 Therefore。

 they're all funneling their attention into these online applications。

And so the girl that is technically a six gets treated like an8 or9。

 She gets so much attention that she she can afford to be incredibly picky。

Her view of herself of her value in the sexual marketplace。Skyrockets。And therefore。

 she finds herself rejecting without a moment's hesitation。 Men that are far superior to her。

 that are far more attractive or interesting， better in bed or whatever。

 have more money and more status。 She can just go， man， yeah， I'll take that gorgeous， perfect man。

 And， and if he's。Not able to go and approach girls。 And she says， come over。 He'll come over。

 I know that because I've done that。 I've done that where I've been bored in a city some night and some girl who I wouldn't look twice at on the streets says。

 hey， what are you doing right now。 Do you want to have a drink？ I'm like，😊。

I'm not going to tell anyone about this， but yeah， I'll do it， right。For women。

 it's a very different story。 But for men using these online applications。

 you've got to understand women get bombarded with attention。Your value drops hugely。

 You could be awesome。 You could be so smart and funny and interesting and have all these great things going for you。

 But she doesn't know that。 All she sees is a face on the screen。 And in a microsecond， she said， no。

😊，Just while I didn't like the hat。 Yeah camera angles bad。 I don't know。Just。

 and I've SAT down with girls as they've SAT there swiping。 And I so show me how you do this。

 And they just like， no， no， no， And I go， well， hang on it。 What about that guy。

 didn't his friend looks weird。 No， no， no， just out of sight。 No， no， no， very occasionally。

 if the guy is a perfect。Visual representation of what she thinks。She likes。 Then she might say， yes。

 She'll probably still flake on that same guy again because there's no chemistry。

Women don't make their decisions so much around。A visual representation。

 they make their decisions to be with a guy based around how they feel。What's his body language。

 What's the chemistry like。How does he present himself， How confident is he。Right。

 and then you can't communicate that in a photo。So it's really important to understand that all that time that you're spending swiping and then getting into these chats that go nowhere。

 and even if you do get on dates， like be realistic and look at her。

 was that was that the type of woman you really want to be on a date with， Like。

 is she beautiful to you？Is she got high self esteem， is she fun。

 is she or is she bitchy and just average looking？Negative， like。

 are you going on dates with girls where you feel like you're selling yourself short。

That's the likelihood if you're using online apps。Unless you are stupendously handsome。

You're not going to be getting the results。That you could be by going out and doing what no other guy does。

The other strategy that men use when it comes to getting a girl into their life。Is to fixate。

On a single girl for a long period of time。And to chew up weeks， months， sometimes， unfortunately。

 years working on this girl like she's some long term project。I did this。

A number of times back in high school and my early 20s。And I've seen many of my friends do this。

 And I've worked now with thousands of men and whenever I。Work with a guy。

 I always find out what his previous relationship history is like， his dating history。

And time and time again， they tell me stories。About there was a girl。 And， you know。

 I met her through work。 And then I was interested in her， and we were friends for a long time。

 And then， you know， I asked her out and we went out and was kind of I wasn't sure if it was a date。

 And then maybe we hooked up a bit or not。 And then she said she wanted to just be friends。

 And then I thought， I'll keep working on this。 And I'll show her how cool I am。 And then。

You know this story goes on， this saga goes on， sometimes the saga ends。

They do hook up and some relationship comes out of it， but more often than not， it doesn't。

More often than not， a man invests a large amount of time and efforts and resources and his entire sexual focus into a single female who is not interested in him。

Right， and unfortunately， women don't。Usually give very clear signals that they are not interested in a man。

 especially if he's in their social circle， right， So there's the。

 there's the term I'm sure you've heard of the friend zone。

 which is where a man who is interested in a woman。And he's trying。

Has been put by the woman in a certain category。whichhi she perceives to be non sexual。

And I think a lot of men get angry at women for this。 they're angry that a girl。

Rejects their sexual advances no matter how nice and good and how much effort they put in。

 and she she may stick around in their life because he's part of the social circle or because she likes him as a friend or because she doesn't want to cause any trouble。

 but she's not going to ever fuck him。I don't blame women for this because it is hard for a woman to reject men's advances because men often get very offended。

 They can get aggressive。 They can get moody。 They can cause trouble in her life。 And so commonly。

 the strategy women use when they get unwanted sexual attention is to just deflect it in a。

 in a non-direct way。And this is commonly what happens in these situations。

 because if the woman said right from the beginning listen buddy。

 there is no chance we're ever going to hook up no matter what you do so you want to be friends or should we just finish this。

I would like that。 Like I've had that a couple of times。 Women have said that。 And like awesome。

 Thanks for your honesty。 But mostly they don't， because men don't respond very well to that。

 They get aggressive moody or they try harder or they think that。

 if I just prove myself to her and they don't hear the clear no。

 So women often don't give a clear no， They give a soft no or they avoid the subject。And then。

 they let the guy。Continue to put in effort when she's already friendsownd him。

 And then he's still working on， on a project which is never going to work。

 is never going to come to any kind of sexual relationship。

So it's important to understand that if you've spent more than a week or two weeks。Working on a girl。

 you're wasting your time。Anything anything past， making a couple of attempts。

To start something with her is a complete waste of time， because in that time。

 you could have found somebody else。I've certainly worked on girls that I was really interested in for a little bit longer than usual。

 but I was also dating other girls at the same time。

So I've had a couple of situations where a girl needs more time because she's a virgin because she's just come out of a relationship because she's from a very conservative background。

 she has some trauma， something like that， which is an unusual situation and she's super hot and I and I really like her。

 Yeah I'll put a bit more time in。 I'll put in some weeks。

 but I'll never exclusively put weeks into her。 I'll make sure that I'm dating and having sex with different girls whilst working on her as a longer term project。

 but most men don't do that。 they fixate on a girl and they start to build her in their mind as some goddesss as someone unearthly in terms of their value。

And the reason， the only reason that that is happening is because they don't have any other options。

There is no one on this planet that is so amazing that it's worth pouring endless amounts of attention into them when they're not interested in you。

It doesn't serve you or them。 It's not romantic。 It's stupid。

 It's an illogical use of your time and resources。 And it's justified because you have feelings for this girl and you think that she's really valuable。

 Sure， she's valuable in the sense that we're all valuable。 She may be more cool chi than usual。

 She may be more beautiful than the other three girls that you know in your social circle or 10 or 20 if you're lucky。

But she's not unique。 She's not someone that it is worth wasting months of your life for。

 It It would be totally worth it if she was down if she liked you and you liked her and you guys hooked up。

 cool， have a relationship。awesomesome。But if you are fixating and putting this time in。

 what you're doing is really distracting yourself， dilutding yourself。

 and you're wasting your precious moments on this planet when you could be going out there and meeting 10 other amazing girls and out of that within。

3 hours， meeting 10 cool girls， getting a few numbers。 and one of them saying yes to a date。

 And then two days later， finding yourself on a date with a girl who's decided to come out on a date with you because she likes you。

 because she's considering sleeping with you。 And there you have a very effective use of your time。

You'll find out very， very quickly。 Does she like you， Does she not like you， Is this going to work。

 Are you compatible Within hours， you can know that。

Totally fine to spend some hours working to figure it out。

 Not okay to spend weeks and months and years fixating on that one girl。 You've done it before。

 Pre much every person I know， myself included has done it once twice， a few times。

 particularly when you're a young guy and you don't know any better。 That's fine。

 Use that as your learning experience and you recognize that that it is a problem。

 and it's your fault。Right， it is not the girl's fault for friends owning you girls。

I I girls friends zone men all the time。 But only when the man allows them to do that。

 I cannot be friends zoned。 It's impossible because if I go up to a woman。

 I show interest in her and shes tries to like navigate me into a non sexual compartment。

 I'll just leave。And I'll make it clear to say， listen， you want to go on a day。 And she's like。

 you know， I'm just in between things。 And， you know， I， yeah， and like。

 I think we should just be friends。 I will literally say， okay， well， I respect your position。

 but I don't need another female friend like。I would happily have sex with you and your friend。

 But for me， that's really important that we have a sexual vibe， and we don't cool。 I respect that。

 And I'll say goodbye。 impossiblempoible to friends own me。 I will friends own girls。

 and I will choose to be a girl's friend。 Those Those are good things。 I have lots of female friends。

 There's nothing sexual。 Having female friends is great， but I won't confuse the roles。So therefore。

 I can't waste any more than a couple of hours， really。Maybe two dates at the most。

Figuring out what's going on。 And if I recognize it's not going happen。 I don't take it personally。

 I don't take it as a challenge where I'm like， I'm gonna prove myself。

 and I'm gonna win this girl over。 No， I'm not。 It just didn't work。 Okay， maybe my game was off。

 Maybe she's net was never gonna like me no matter what what I did。

 Maybe she's got some other guy She's more interested in。 Okay， cool。

 I just have to let that go and move on to the other many billion of available women that are on the planet。

 and I'm sure within a couple of days， I'll find someone that's pretty much as awesome。Okay， so。

Here you have it。 These are the kind of three major roles， major ways。That men， ineffectively。

Put their effort into their dating lives。The other one is that they just ignore it。Right。

 so those three are trying to get laid， trying to get a girlfriend。W whichch is the social circle。

Friending your way into something， the online thing。

 and then the fixating on and focusing all your energy in on one girl。The fourth one is even sadder。

 And that's the one where men just distract themselves with other stuff。 Usually， it's work。

So we have a raw， masculine， powerful essence inside us， all of us do as men。

It's the thing that gets you up in the morning and makes you go to the gym and go to work and try to achieve and make money and be a success。

It's's your testosterone， it's your masculine core， it's your fucking cocken balls。

 it's your power and we can direct that towards women and we can direct it towards other things。

 and I think you should direct it towards not just women。

 I've done that at some points in my life directed almost only solely at women and that gets very lopsided。

It should be directed into your art form， into your work， into your family life。

 into your achievements， into your body。But if you。

Direct all of your attention into something that is distracting you from women and relationships。

It's because you're not willing to face up to the fact that you need to change。

There is very few people who are not really sexual and they just only want to focus on their art form。

 Co。 you wouldn't have bought this product if you're in that position。 Obviously。

 you signed up for this because you want to be able to direct your sexual energy in the direction of sex with women that you want。

 and it is a common thing for men to make excuses such as I'm really busy with work right now。

 I'm focusing on my career when I get that promotion or finish that project or get that raise or I have my holidays or I finish my degree I can then I'll focus in on girls right now。

 I you know， I'm cool。 you know， I'm just busy with other things。Really。

You're happy night after night， going home alone。 You don't mind that you have no intimacy。

No female touch。No blow jobs。My6。No orgasms， no cuddles。Are you happy with that？Co诉。

It's very natural。For us to need the companion the companionship of a woman。

 if we're a heterosexual male， we need women in our lives。 It feeds us。

 It nourishes us just the same way it nourishes and feeds her。 We need each other。

And we need to have those needs fulfilled and a man who over a long period of time has very limited contact with women。

 doesn't have a girlfriend for years or doesn't go on dates for months or hasn't been laid in months。

That starts to wear you down。 It really starts to deplete you in terms of how you feel about yourself。

 It's very difficult to feel confident， self assured。Like。

 you mean something like you matter in life。 If you don't have any affection from women。

 if you don't have a woman。Treating you like a God， you know， wanting to fuck you， adoring you。

 loving you。Calling you up， you know， thinking about you。

 If you don't have any of that kind of wonderful female attention in your life。Yeah。

 it's really hard to feel good about yourself。This is one of the harsh realities。

That you need to face is that no matter how successful you become， how rich you become。

 how much respect and you command and how high your status is。

Many men spend their entire professional lives chasing that。

 hoping to feel just a little bit of what it feels like to have one or more amazing。

 wonderful women adore you。If you don't have that， you won't fulfill。 you won't feel fulfilled。

 You won't be satisfied。You won't get to enjoy。The depth of what is possible in being a man。

So it's vital to understand that this is not a hobby。 This is not something that you dabble in。

 Learning seduction is not just a， thing I'm kind of interested in for a little while。

 or I could take it or leave it。You can't really leave it。 You have to take it。

 You have to learn it because in my mind， it is。One of。

 if not the most important skill that you can learn as a man。

The amount of pleasure and happiness and satisfaction you have in your life is mostly determined by the relationships you have。

With friends with family， but primarily with your romantic partners。

When you look back on your life and you think about when I was 21 to 26。What was it like then。

If it was like， okay， I was a struggling student， I was figuring myself out。

And I had no women in my life， and I was dateless and I was frustrated and haunting all the time。

 That wasn't a good time in your life。But if you were struggling and figuring yourself out and doing odd jobs and finishing your degree and you're banging a bunch of girls or you had an awesome girlfriend。

 that was a good time in your life。Right， and then we look at it over our lifetime as a man。And we。

 at some point， are going to look back and think about， okay。

 what were the experiences I had did I enjoy my life？ And if there were long periods of solitude。

 frustration， rejection。pinining over and focusing on this one girl who was never going to hook up with us anyway。

 or if we did， it was going to be a disaster or getting into or being in a shitty relationship with a girl I didn't want to fuck and she was boring or she was negative and nagging like those are the things that chew up literally years of your very limited amount of years that you have on this planet。

The quality of the relationship。Yeah， the what you were studying and the job you were doing and where you your travels and what hobbies you had。

 of course， that stuff massively influences your sense of satisfaction。

 And that's why lifestyle design is the third pillar。 Yeah， that stuff's important。😊。

But what is more important？Is the fulfillment you have from the types of relationships that you have。

Right so this fourth option of kind of just ignoring it。

Just putting it aside and deferring it and thinking， all right， I'll deal with women later。Okay。

 sure。 you got a project that you need to focus on in on for three months。

 and you need to spend all your time on it。Okay， three months。 Yeah， all right， you can do that。

 but really， how many times in your life do you need to focus 100% of your time in on your work or your studies？

If that is the case， for me， I would choose a different job。 Yeah， it's like。Okay。

 some people are just hyper。Obsessed by their work and they're willing to sacrifice everything else for it。

 that may be worth it in the short term to really punch through and get to higher levels that most people weren't willing to commit to。

 You're some superior athlete or scientist or you want to be an astronaut or。Join the Navy Ses or。

Become a CEO of a major multinational like。 one of these things you have to put in 80 hours a week of your life for years and years。

Okay， there are some people in this。Planet to whom that is worth all the sacrifices。

But for most people， that's a waste of your life。 It's， it's not worth the price。

 And most lives don't require that。Even if you're a very busy person， I'm a very busy person。

 I run a complicated company and I do lots of other things， yet I make time every day to have sex。

 every day。Every， you know， multiple times per week to go and meet new girls。

 to go and socialize with my friends， to spend time connecting。

 reconnecting with my friends and family。 these things are really important to me。

 And I prioritize them。So if you're in a situation where you've been like， now， you know， girls。

 I'll just deal with that later， you're deluting yourself and you're wasting your life。

Because your life is passing without the nourishment that you need。

So it is important to look at these four kind of strategies for dealing with women。Are ineffective。

They are not the best way to do things。Some of them can yield some results。

But not enough results for the amount of effort or the amount of time that is invested in them。

So now let's talk about what does yield results。How to get good with goals。Initially。

 boils down to the ability to go and meet strangers。Now。

 there are a whole lot of other skills you need， just being able to go and say hello to someone is not the end。

It's not even the the majority of the package。But without it， nothing happens。

 So there are lots of other skills you need to understand in terms of how to have good conversation and how to flirt and how to escalate physically and how to go on good dates and then how to get a girl into bed and then how to have good sex and then how to negotiate。

The type of relationship that you want and then how to have a good relationship okay。

 so these are many other steps and areas that you'll need to learn about and investigate。

But none of that happens。Unless you learn how to walk up to a girl and say hi and get into a conversation and let her know that you're interested。

Right， so those other strategies that we just talked about in terms of。

Bad and ineffective ways that men try to meet women are all。

There and are all used because men don't have the balls or the understanding of how to just go to a girl。

 They don't know and start a conversation。So the answer。

 what is the solution to this problem of I'm alone？I don't get regular sex。

 or I only meet girls very occasionally when I get lucky when I get really drunk at the pub and I bump into somebody or someone introduces me or I meet some very average looking。

 boring girl off tinnder or whatever。 The answer to that very bland。Mediocre dating life。

Is learning to go up cold and bold。 Roll up to a stranger and start a conversation。

So the bulk of this course will be looking at exactly how do you do that。

What are the best ways to do that？RightBecause there's。

Misunderstandings about how you would meet strangers that are sold to us through romantic comedies and the the media and bad advice that our friends or family give us。

And the purpose of this course is to cut away all of the mystery out of it。

Boil it down to the simplest， most practical applications so that you can just see a girl walking down the street。

In your local cafe， wherever it is that you happen to be。

And to be able to go up there and try and make something happen。Now。

 I will not promise it would be immoral of me to promise to you that you。

 when you complete this course， that you will be able to see a girl。Go up to her。

 And within an hour or within a date or two， that you'll be able to 100% of the time get that woman into bed and start a relationship if you want to。

 There is no system。On the planet that allows you to get every woman that you want unless you are the dictator of a country。

 unless you're a Gens can't or something like that where you own the own the country and you run you make the rules。

So that's none of us。 It's never going to be any of us。Doesn't even matter if you're very。

 very well connected。 if you're a millionaire， if you're。A celebrity。

Those people still don't get every person that they want。So this is not， this is not a method。

That allows you to get any single woman that you want。 And it is also not a method that。

Allows you to avoid the unpleasant parts of going and trying to meet girls。

Rejection tends to be the biggest fear。That a man has。And when， when people talk about。

 their great fears of public speaking。You know， I've taken great risks。

Underlying all that is the fear that they will be not good enough。

 they will be perceived as not good enough。Or they will perceive themselves as not good enough that they will be rejected by the person or the opportunity that they were hoping to have。

And this is a big issue that you need to grapple with and move through。

And this course will start to give you some simple but powerful tools to deal with this inner a game issue。

 So this internal issue， at the end of the day， it is this internal issue that stops men from approaching women more so。

 much more so than any kind of practical or technical issue。

Because I can client can and will teach you the how I'll teach you the what。

I'll teach you what to say and how to do it。Techniques that will， if you apply them。

Will lead to success， not 100% success， because that's impossible， but regular success。

But the real battle， the real battle is the internal battle。

And we'll be looking at that a little bit later in terms of things such as social anxiety or dealing with the fear that most men have when it comes to going in。

 revealing themselves and becoming vulnerable in front of a woman。

 A beautiful woman that they perceive to have high value。 So the purpose of this video here。

Is to convince you。That there is no alternative。No effective alternative。To going out there。

In the day or in the night and meeting girls that you don't already know。

With the express purpose of letting them know that you're interested in them romantically or sexually。

No other technique， nor other method is going to yield anywhere near the results。

And no other method is going to allow you to grow as fast。Because I know for myself。

 I spent years working on personal development， on meditation， on hypno self hypnosis。

 trying all sorts of different courses， getting involved in all sorts of different social scenes。

 I did a lot of work on myself to become more confident。

But the thing that and those things were good。 I， I recommend those things in your life if you want to become a well rounded human being。

 But in terms of the thing that。Developed my confidence。The fastest。

The thing that made me come up against my own perceived limitations and my fears， and my ego。

The thing that had the most profound effect on me was certainly this process of going through cold approaching many。

 many women to try and master this skill。Before you begin any of the practical exercises here。

 you really need to understand what the realities are I would be doing you a severe disservice and I would be lying to if I said that it was going to be easy and you just need to go and try this ABC steps。

 do that on a few girls and you'll get yourself a cute girlfriend and end a story。The reality is。

In order to get good at this， and my definition of good is the ability to start any type of relationship that you want with the type of women that you want。

It's not about getting that one girl， right。 So if you've got a crush on a girl at the office and you're hoping that this course will help you get her。

I mean， if there was any chance this course will help you get her。 Yes。

 definitely you will have a better chance， but it is not about learning the skill to go and get a specific girl。

Most likely， if you try， if you have a girl in mind that you're trying to get into bed。

 it's already too late。Because the reality is women get attracted to a man very fast， or never。

Occasionally ago， we'll。Gradually over time， come to see a guy romantically。 But for the most part。

 women allocate men into three categories very quickly。Love interest。Loser。Friend。

And everyone else is just irrelevant，It's very hard to go from the friend zone into the sexual zone。

Once a woman has seen you as like， okay， he's a nice guy and he's kind of friendly。

 you're done more or less。 There's no techniques that are gonna help you get out of that and get that girl。

 Even if they were， even if it's possible to use this methodology to do that。

 You're still wasting your time。 You're still perceiving that there's one girl there who's so special that it's worth wasting weeks and months on her。

 It's better to just start from scratch and go out and meet a new girl and start from the position of。

 okay， I'm bold and confident， she goes， well， yeah， that goes sexy。

 I want to hang out with him and make it easier on yourself。

But you need to understand that in order to get good at this。

 So my definition being able to get the women that you want and get into the types of relationships that you want。

Is that you will need to do lots and lots。Of approaches。Right。

 you' will need to go and meet hundreds of women in order to get effectively good at this。

And that doesn't need to take very long。In my experience。

 I teach live workshops where men come to me for 7 or 10 days。

 and we work around the clock on this kind of thing。 In seven days， if you're focusing in on this。

 you can meet 100 women。 Now， that's not always obviously realistic If you've got a normal job and you're going about a normal life。

 That's a very condensed experience。But there is no reason why you cannot meet 1，2。

3 girls every single day to practice this skill。And understand that it is the skill set on one level。

 You need repetition。You need to be able to practice the right things and that this course will teach you the right things。

You need to be able to learn to self-correct and becoming gradually more aware and watching the responses of women around you。

 Of course， the best thing to do is to hire a great dating coach because that will speed the situation up。

 But you're out there working by yourself for now or with a wingman。 Co。

 you need to be able to self- correctr。 become aware of what are the right things and the wrong things Ob the reactions of the women so you can adjust and not just repeat the same mistakes over and over again。

But in order to get this， you need to create momentum。 You need to have a good enough volume。

Of interactions for there to be any real change。Because I've certainly seen it happen many times where men have。

Research seduction。 they've learned about， okay， this is a thing。 Yeah， I get it。 I believe that。

Approaching women is a thing I need to learn。 And so they go and approach a few girls。One day。 Oh。

 they approach a girl every now and then。 If it seems very easy， if she's kind of looking at him。

 then she'll maybe he'll go over and talk to her in the bar。 and he does that once every week or two。

This kind of level of interactivity with women is nowhere near enough to yield any real results。

It's very similar to the idea of going to the gym once a week and doing one repetition and expecting that you'll get any results。

 You will get zero results from that。There will be no result except that for that 10 seconds。

 your body will kind of。Change a little bit。 And the blood flow might change。

 you may get some kind of very short term effect from that。

 but it will not lead to strength gains or size gains。

This skill needs to be repeated over and over again with many different women， of course。

 not just repeating the same bad thing over and over again without。Adjusting。But going in。

Meeting a woman， doing an approach， seeing what happened， walking away。

 not beating yourself up about it or blaming her for the outcome， just going， okay。

 this is part of my process。This is part of my journey。

 That interaction is one stepping stone of many that will lead me to greater proficiency and later it down the track to a level of success。

And the good thing about this as different from something like going to the gym is that。

Every repetition can suddenly lead to a massive jump， right， You could go out tomorrow。

And the third goal you approach may end up being a girlfriend。

 That can happen or may end up being a sex partner。That canon does happen。But we're still， we're not。

 we're not hoping that's gonna to happen。 That's not the outcome we're looking for is to lock upon a girl who's totally into you straight away and you just get the girl。

 and then you're done。Because even if you do get the go。The likelihood is you want't keep the go。

Because developing seduction skill is not just about learning how to approach and get numbers。

 it is learning to be a sexually powerful， attractive man who understands women。

 understands how relationships work and what makes it an effective relationship。

And this process takes time in my experience， to go from dead beginner or a guy who's got limited。

Experience with women or at least limited experience with cold approaching。

 It can take around a year， if not more， to get very proficient。That's not to say within that year。

 you won't get dates。 You won't get sex。 You won't get a， you know。

 a partner that can can and certainly often does happen。

But more likely is that over time over a year or so。

 your skills will improve you'll gain deeper and deeper understanding。2 deeper levels of mastery。

 I've been doing this now for 10 plus years， and I still have so much to learn。

 Every time I meet a woman， I learn something。 My， my development is continual because I don't see this as just a skill。

 I need to learn once and then forget about it。 I see it as part of my overall growth part of my overall journey as a hero on a path。

So I understand going into this。course。It can either be this。

 a series of videos that you sit down and watch and go， that sounds interesting。 or yes。

 I agree with that。 Or no， I don't agree with that can be a little bit of intellectual entertainment。

Something that's stimulating to you。And nothing more。Or it can be the start。

 the catalyst from a massive change for her。An incredible journey that will alter your life forever。

This course is not the entire package。 I have obviously a lot of more advanced courses out there or live options。

 which go deeper and deeper into all of the more subtle or more master masterful elements of seduction。

 But this product， the accelerator was designed by me specifically to get you off your couch。

 get you out in the streets， to get you。Into interactions with women going up over and over again。

 trying to get numbers， trying to get girls on dates so that you can start having real world success。

So please understand that if you just watch this and absorb it。

 it will be nothing more than intellectual stimulation。

It requires you to go and take action daily in order to get results。

So as soon as you started looking through some of the videos that look at the practical elements of going and approaching。

I want you to go out and start to approach。Go and meet at least one new girl every day。

 and that's not hard。It doesn't require you to change anything about your lifestyle， probably。

If you don't have。3 to 10 minutes in a day to meet a new woman。 Then you've got a lifestyle issue。

Most， most people out there have a 10 minutes a day that they could invest in。

Meeting one or two girls。 It's not a big time drain。 doesnn't require you to。

Make any kind of massive investments in any way。 It just requires you to put it at the front of your consciousness。

To make it a priority。And to start getting past your excuses and your fears and just getting into interactions。

 not worrying about if it's perfect。Don't worry about whether you're going get rejected or not。

 I'll look more at the mechanisms of social anxiety and fears and。

 and why we are so bothered with rejection in， in other videos。😔。

But it is important that these things don't cripple you。

Understand that the men that get good at this are the ones who try to meet girls and try to get them on dates。

That's it。I say this to all my students。 It's very common for me to really hammer this home。Is that。

 yeah， there's all sorts of masterful levels。 There's all sorts of nuance and subtlety and artistry you can put into your seduction。

 and that's。Fun and interesting to develop。 And， of course， as you get better。

 you get better results。 But at the end of the day。

 the guys that stay home watching programs like this and then collecting endless amounts of information。

 hoping to learn their way into bed with girls to become specialists at the information。

 the intellectual information。😊，They don't get results。

 They just get confused over time because they keep learning too many different schools。

 too much information。 They get analysis paralysis by overthinking things。

Whilst the guys that learn a system go， okay， yeah， that makes sense。 Oh， yeah。

 I can see how that's applied。 And they go， all right， let me go and try it and go out and they go。

 excusecus me。 I saw you on the phone， but。Can I talk to you。

 You look sexy and have a bit of a chat about whatever。 And then at the end， say， I got to go。

 but can I take out for a coffee。They do it。 It's not perfect。 It's not amazing。 doesnn't。

 if you filmed it， you wouldn't be impressed。 You'd just be like me， okay。

 He had a conversation with a girl and then you asked her on a date。That's fine。

 We're not trying to do anything。Impressive， we're not trying to create a movie moment。

 We're not trying to pull off seductions that people would sing songs about in the future。

 We're just trying to get started。 go out there， put ourselves in front of goals。

Start a conversation。 Sha them more're interested。 Try and take them on a date。

 That's the purpose of this course。 It's my intention in imparting my knowledge to you。

 It's not to dazzle you or to stimulate you intellectually。

 It's to get you up off your fucking couch out into the streets。😡，To go and meet women。

 So let's get started to make sure that that happens。

