# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：01.截停一个女孩【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼。The most common way that you're going to encounter women when you're going about your daily seduction duties is to see a girl walking down the street。

 so in this video I'd like to demonstrate to you and teach you how to do the correct and also show you the incorrect ways to stop a girl so that she's most likely to not freak out and to give you a chance to say hello and get the interaction started。

There's two primary ways to approach woman on the street。Firstly。

 when she's walking towards you or when she's walking away from you。

So first we're going to look at this stop where the woman is walking away from you and you're going to be running up from behind and trying to jump in front of her First let me show you how to do it incorrectly。

は he以。So in this case， I'm coming in too fast and way too close and if you do this to a girl who's not expecting it。

 she's definitely going to freak out。Second mistake。系系。So in this case I'm being too weak about it。

 I'm not actually getting in front of the girl and I'm sort of giving her a half little wave and most of the time if a girl's busy she's in her head or thinking about something else。

 she's just going to go  ohh， whatever and keep walking， no good。😡。

 he so in this case I'm taking a big wide arc around the girl and I'm stopping too far in front of her so it's a bizarre distance to be trying to start a conversation from。

Mistake number four。This is the Ninja approach where you're sort of walking along next to the girl mining her own business and then you just appear out of nowhere so again this is going to freak the girl out because she's had no time to prepare for it it's totally uncallibrated。

So now let's look at what to do correctly。The things to keep in mind with this approach is my distance。

 my timing， and also to be aware of and conscious of how is the woman perceiving me。

 if I suddenly jump out in front of her with with zero notice。

 then she's more likely to freak out if I'm too close， samee thing。 if I'm too far away。

 That's a weird distance。 So I need to obviously adjust this to the pace that the woman is walking at。

 Now for the demonstration will'll do it very slowly。 But if she was to walk faster。

 then I would need to allow more distance。 So let me show you。

I'm walking up behind her and as I come slower as I come。Past her。

 I will actually turn my head a little， I won't stare at her weirdly。

 but I'll turn my head to give her the indication that I'm there。

And then I'll step a couple of steps in front of her and I'll take one。

 two steps and I'll open out my hands。 So this distance here is about optimal。

 If we happen to be half a step too close， not a big drama I can lean back if I'm a little bit too far away。

 That's okay， I can step in。 but this is the general distance。

 So in order for that distance to happen， I need to allow her to take one or two steps kind of depending on how far she's moving if she's moving at a much faster pace I I will do the stop around here because then she takes one。

Two steps before she recognizes what's happening and then she stops。Now。

 in terms of what I'm doing with my hands， I'm not doing any of this， this， this。

Yeah or any weird hand shapes， I just opened my hands out around this kind of stomach area in you know an open gesture that's non threatening。

🎼But it's very clear to her that I'm in front of her and I want her to stop because if I just sort of appeared out of nowhere and stood there with my hands by my sides。

 it's a bit weird。 whereas any of this is confrontation。So now demonstrate at a more realistic pace。

Excuse me。Like so now if she was moving at a much faster pace， we'll look at the distance for that。

So now if you're dealing with a girl who's walking very fast and perhaps if you see her in the distance。

 well to close that distance I can't walk， I'm going to have to run， so let's look at how that works。

Excuse me。So I've allowed her an extra foot or two to catch up with herself before she recognizes what's going on。

 so there you have it， that's how you do stop from a girl who's walking away from you。

Now let's look at the front stop So the next primary way that you're going to approach women on the street is if you see them walking towards you down the street。

 this is my preferred way to do it actually because it doesn't give me any time to think too much about it or worry about it。

 And also I can see from the distance if I'm into a。And if she happens to be looking around。

 I can actually catch her eye contact earlier， which means that if I'm projecting good intention and I've got good posture。

 she's more likely to stop。So I call this the Jedi stop。😡。

Because there's a little move in there that you'll learn in a moment that reminds me of Luke Skywalker waving his hand and confusing aliens。

But first， let me demonstrate how to do it very badly。All right。

 so the first thing I'm doing incorrectly here is I'm。

Geting directly in front of her from a distance where she can see someone's in front of me in my way and then I'm putting my hand out in pretty much in any way is bad because if you see someone walking down the street towards you and they look like they're going to bump into you you're going to naturally move out of the way especially if I start waving my hands weirdly so that's definitely not the right thing to do。

Mistake number two。He as。So in this case。I'm not getting in her way at all。

 I'm just trying to putting out my little limp hand and mumbling something to her again if a girl's busy or she's got no interest in particularly talking to a stranger she's just going to sweep by。

😡，And now let's look at the correct way to do the Jedi stop。

What I need to do first is when I see the girl down the street。

 I need to come in and line up my outside shoulder with her shoulder so that she's going to be walking past me here as I said before I don't want to be in front of her。

 I don't want to be too far away from her I'm trying to reach out I want to line up so more or less our shoulders would brush as we walk past and now I'll show you in very slow motion so as I'm walking towards her at about here I place my hand out and then I step in。

Okay， so stay still， so what's going to happen is I bring my hand out to a round stomach height again。

 not breast， not face， confrontational， creepy， fine。

It's an open gesture and I'm not doing some strange karate kid move I just place my hand out and at the same time at this distance I make eye contact because naturally she's going to see okay there's a hand and she's going to look up at me and at that point I want to be smiling。

 giving her a nice look not weirdly staring at her。And at that moment。

 most likely she's going to come to a stock。Then I just take a sidestep and then I just let my hand drop。

😡，Okay， so showing you again from here， I place my hand out， look at her， step in。

 I let my hand drop and then I can say hello。Okay， so let's show you again in real time。Excuse me。

If the girl is walking much faster and let's say she has her headphones in and maybe she's looking down。

 so she's not really aware of what's going on around her。

 then I need to give her more space so that simply means that I' will be putting her hand out。

Much earlier。Excuse me。Now， hopefully with the amazing power of my perfect Je I stop。

 every single woman that I do it on is going to stop and talk to me。

 the reality being that that doesn't always happen。

 Sometimes you try and do it and the girl just walks around you。Excuse me。

So is there a way to deal with this， yes， there certainly is。

 but first let me show you what not to do。Excuse me。 Hey， just， do you mind if I。

So very important do not ever do this if a girl turns or walks past you and then you start following behind her。

 this is really creepy girls get very upset if a dude starts chasing them down the street， no。

Mistake number two。Excuse me。 hi， look， I'm just trying to， do you mind， could you just hang on sec。

 I just think you're cute。So similar effect。If I try to block the woman in any way。

 the moment that I step out and block her once， she's already feeling very uncomfortable。

 I do it twice or three times she's being harassed。

 so absolutely never going to work don't try and block a woman from getting past you so you might be asking well。

 how the hell do I deal with this？😡，Let's deal with it。 So as usual。

 she's walking towards me I place my hand out to stop her。 now I can see at this point。

 pause that she's not going to walk， she's not going to going to stop。

 So instead of me following her or trying to block her， I literally just turn on my spot。

And then as she walks， I always start to walk next to her。

 but you can see here that I'm actually a little bit in front of her。 And of course。

 as I'm doing this。 I'm saying hey there I can see you're in a rush。

 you look amazing today so what's your name I'modor lovely to meet you So as I'm walking along。

 I'm not behind her because this is creepy and weird and I'm not trying to get in her space。

 I just turn and I walk on my line she's working on walking on her line So it's just two people walking down the street I'm just fractionally ahead of her so that in the weird way she's following me now and then I can have a conversation I can make eye contact with her and I can get her attention Sure I may find out that she doesn't want to talk or it might just be that she was startled and she's swept past me and within some seconds she's decided it's okay to talk to me。

Now let's show it in a realistic pace。Excuse me。I can see you're in a rush somewhere。

 but you look amazing today。Thank you。 And what's your name， I'm James。'od Nice to meet you。

The other option that we have if a girl is trying to walk past us is to use the power of our voice and our smile and friendliness to get her to stop anyway。

 because sometimes girls just walk around you without really thinking about what's going on It's just there's an obstacle maybe they think you're selling something they're not really thinking about it it's more of an instinctual reaction so you can simply call out to the girl and often that can be enough to get her to come back。

Excuse me。Before you go， hey hey hey I'm James I'm not selling anything you just look great today Thank you a variation on the method when the girl walks around you and you turn and walk with her is to walk with her for some time create some rapport and then when it feels like it's a good time then I can stop her so let's look at how that's going to work。

Excuse me。I could see you' in a bit of a rush， but you're looking amazing today Thank you What's your name nice to meet you and what's the plan today？

Im okay， well before you rush home， I just wanted to have a bit of a chat with you。So， in this way。

That's a short amount of time to do that in。 But if I was in walking down the street and the girls kind of busy。

 I turn， and I walk with her for a while。 maybe we're having a chat for a few minutes。

 And then it I can see that she has to rush off to the office or she's got something she has to do。

At that point， then all I do is I just reach out I'm just most gentle of touches。

 I'm not pulling it or， grabbing it or trying to force it to stop， it's simply from here。

 I just turn it's not I'm not fully turning in front of her。

It's more like I place my hand here and I turn at this angle and then she is most likely to then stop after we've built some rapport up and from there I can finish off the conversation and get her phone number。

 you know it's not ideal for us to have the whole conversation with us walking down the street。

 but sometimes it's necessary because the girl's busy and she doesn't want to stop but after we've built some rapport after some time then she is prepared to stop。

You're not always going to see girls walking down the street。Often they' will be in static position。

 So the girl will be waiting in line somewhere， leaning against a wall。

 sitting at a bench or at a cafe。 And so we need to be able to vary the way that we approach to do these scenarios。

 Usually they're quite simple as long as you keep in mind this one general rule。

 What does it feel like for the girl。In this situation， we have。

Todora leaning against a wall on her phone， so here's what I would not want to do。快点。Hei。

In this situation her back's against the wall， I'm bigger than her， I've got a leather jacket。

 they look dangerous and I come in and I stand directly in front of her and also too close and I've sometimes seen guys leaning in as well right so right now how are you feeling bad that？

She's trapped essentially， right so this is not a comfortable position for a woman to be spoken to in。

Another bad way to do this。Is for me to walk up and kind of， you know。Hang here for a bit。

And after some seconds， then go。Oh， hi。All right， so that would look like without me talking about it。

 would look like this。是的。Isn't the new iPhone？Yeah， it is。Yeah， don't do that。

 If you're going to approach a girl， then make sure that you actually open your mouth and do it all together。

 Otherwise， it starts getting awkward and weird if you wait around to do it。

 So the correct way to approach when a girl is leaning against a wall or whatever。Is like this。

 I don't make a bee line for her。I just act like I'm walking by。And I notice her。

 and then I just come in at this diagonal angle， excuse me， get her attention。

If she's looking down at something， I'll wave my hand， get her attention and now。

This distance is fine， maybe I can come a little closer if she seems comfortable and I start the conversation from here。

This allows her that psychological space all here， if she feels like leaving， she can leave。

 she doesn't feel trapped， I'm just chilling and I'm actually leaning back on my back foot here。

And then if after some time the conversations going well。

 maybe I'll come in and I'll lean against the wall like this because this looks comfortable。

 this is two people who know each other， having a conversation from a comfortable position。Next。

 if we see a girl who's sitting at a public bench or some kind of public seating。

 this is a great opportunity to meet a girl， but I need to be very careful again of the angles that I approach and the impression。

 the effect that I have on it so if I walk in，Here， excuse me。Hello。

 now I'm having that same problem as with the wall。

 I'm blocking her and I'm looming over her and also to the outside world。

 if she's worried about what people think which most people are，This does not look comfortable。

 This does not look like two people who know each other。

 This looks like a strange man coming and trying to get something out of a woman。 Very bad。

 So what I actually do is more or less the same as if a girl is standing up and leaning against something is that I'm walking by。

 And then at this angle， I'll come in。W iter， excusecus me。 Hi， how are you。

You looking wonderful today？Thank you Yeah， I'm James。 Hey I'mor， Nice to meet you Nice you。

So this is a good way to start however， if I then continue the conversation from this position。

 this is a little odd， she's sitting down， I'm standing and we're having this conversation where one person is stable and the other person is floating around so I don't want to stay in this position forever now if it's possible because there's space next to her I want to sit down next to it。

And the way that I'll usually do that is maybe after I've introduced myself said hello。

 then I'll just say， hey， do you mind if I take a seat with you as I'm taking the seat right so I don't do it like this I don't say is it？

Is anyone。Is that seat taken or？ well， is it all right if I mean， I don't know。

 do you mind if I don't want to do it like that， right because now she's feeling awkward and it's easier for her to say I know or I'm busy。

Instead， I just assume that it's okay， nice to meet you Do you mind if I take a seat？

And as I take a seat， what I don't do is I'm not sitting down like this。Face on right in her face。

As I take my seat， I actually open out the psychological space， sit down。

 I'm looking anywhere in here at this area。So that it's comfortable and then I'll turn and talk to her。

 not leaning in， I might even lean back a little bit to give her some space until she feels comfortable with me sitting there。

The Jeto stop is not only applicable when you're walking down a street forward and the girls walking towards you For。

 you can use it any time when a girl is going by you。

 even when you're stationary and that works really well。

 particularly in scenarios like let's say you're in a bar here I am leaning on the bar I'm here talking to my body and then a girl walks past and this happens commonly and usually men do it badly and they do it like this。

 if fucking footballs great， isn't mate hang on that cheek Hey excuse me。

So they grab at the girl as she's walking past。Not good。

 same principle as when the will walks past you on the street and you're trying to follow her。So。

 instead。We do it simply like this。I'm talking to my friend， girl walks by and notice， hey。

 excuse me。Hello。Right so we can do this in any， you know。

 or I'm hanging standing somewhere and the girl walks out of a shop。

 any scenario where I'm stationary， the girl walks fast， I just place my hand out。

 step in front of her， and it usually works。So they have all of the technical details that you'll need to be able to stop a girl pretty much anywhere in a way that is effective and doesn't freak her out。

It's very important that you go out and start to drill this in almost a mechanical way。

 figuring out your distances， figuring out the way that you're going to use your movements。However。

 the thing that is also really important to keep in mind is it's not just the technical movements that makes this work or not work。

 there is so much that is subcommunicated through my posture， my body language。

 my eye contact and of course the expression that I have on my face I can do a technically perfect Jeditop but be staring at her like a serial killer or have like really weak body language and it's not going to have a very powerful effect on the girl So you always want to keep in mind what is the impression you want to give the girl when you meet her what is the intent that you are going to project。

And in my mind， the simplest one I want to project is warmth。

 friendliness and a curiosity to meet the girl。 That's how I want to feel inside。

 And that's what I want my body language and my expression and my smile to communicate。

 So make sure as you're practicing your stops that yeah， sure you're aware of okay。

 how do you do you' stepping your physical movements but at the same time。

 you need to be able to project a powerful and positive impact on the girl。

 Otherwise she's going to see you and go。Just subconsciously in a moment she's just going to have a split second decision where she's like。

 it feels weird， I'm going to leave。So keep that in mind as you're going about doing your approaches and practice approaching girls from behind from the front。

 girls who are hanging out， leaning against things， sitting on things。

 there's a bunch of different variations， but all of the information and the techniques I've given you in this video will pretty much cover all scenarios that you're going to encounter。

 so there you have it。The marshall method for stopping girls anywhere， anytime in just the right way。

