# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：01.先看这个【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼Welcome to the dating Accelerator program I'm James Marshall and over the next three weeks I will be your digital mentor leading you through this comprehensive program which will teach you how to go from a guy who is let's face it。

 living in scarcity with women， not needing enough women not getting on enough dates through to understanding the key skills that you need to have in order to be able to see a beautiful woman。

 anywhere， any place anytime， and to be able to go over to her。

 strike up a conversation and have a pretty damn good shot。

And making an impression and hopefully getting her out on a date。

So this three week program has come about。As a result of the 10 years that I have spent coaching men around the world in the art of seduction。

Natural style seduction。 So the course that you're about to embark on does not require you to。

Memorize any cheesy pickup lines to put on any false fronts or masks or to try to pretend to be somebody that you're not。

 It also does not require you to be a super high energy life of the party， extroverted， outgoing guy。

 And that's one of the common misconceptions that in order to be effective with women。

 you need to be incredibly gregarious and cocky， funny to be able to have very smooth。

 moves all the time and to always know what you're going to do。

The reality is that women are not expecting you to be that way。 And in many cases。

 they don't prefer that at all。 I myself， am an introverted person。

 I prefer the company of my close friends rather than going out and being the life of the party。

 I don't particularly like to go out to nightclubs。 Most of the women that I brought into my life。

 and there's been quite a few over the 10 plus years that I've been practicing this。

 I met during the day。Walking down the street， living my normal life and seeing a girl at a bus stop in a cafe。

Just walking towards me， on the streets。Now， of course。

 all the skills that you learn in this course are applicable to other environments。

We will be teaching you。Primarily the art of cold approach。

 And what that means is an approach of a woman when you don't have any social context in which to buffer。

 So that means you just simply see a girl that's totally outside of your social scene。

 You have no connection to her。 You may not be in the same kind of demographic or subculture。

 And yet you should be able to go up there and start a conversation and get something moving。However。

 this skill set is highly applicable to what we would call warm approaches。

 So let's say you're at a party。 you're at an event。

You are in some kind of extended social network through a club or an activity or a university and so on。

 So all of these seduction skills are applicable when it comes to your current social world。

 but in my opinion and my experience in my own life and in teaching literally thousands of men around the world。

 the most effective way to bring lots of high quality， beautiful。

 interesting women into your life is not to sit around waiting for them to come into your social scene。

 but to go out there and make something happen。😊，That is to be able to break out of the generally accepted social scenarios of how to meet women。

Most men only meet women through their social circle。

 through luck or serendipity or through dating apps。

 And I'll explain later why these are very ineffective ways to meet women and why they you are drawing from a very limited pool。

 as opposed to the literally infinite pool of women that you can approach。And bring into your life。

 if you have the ability to go up and meet a stranger。This course， which will run over three weeks。

 will reveal to you the primary methods that I teach in my live workshops when it comes to learning how to go and do solid。

 natural style， unrehearsed approaches。I'm not going to be getting into huge amounts of detail about the kind of philosophies of seduction or some of the more complicated aspects that I deal with in some of my other programs I've specifically designed this program for guys who are just starting out whove possibly never approached a girl in their life or if they have。

 it's been haphazard here and there and probably only when the girl was giving them very clear signals of interest or if it was some very easy situation where they felt that there was a reason that they could talk to the girl common mistake is to wait for a reason。

 waiting for a girl to walking along with a dog and you're walking with a dog or to see that she's reading a book that you've read before。

 or in some way that there is some commonality or situation that you can comment on。Sure。

 these are not bad situations to capitalize on。 If I see a girl who's reading a book I've read。 Okay。

 I may use that as part of my conversation。 but if I rely on that again， I'm very limited。

 The truth is， you don't need any excuse。 any reason， Any pretext to talk to a girl。

 you can see her and just go over there and say， hello。

 as long as she's not on the arm of her husband， pretty much in most scenarios and situations is totally possible。

So that's what we're going to be looking at over this course。

 How to be a normal average guy going about your daily business。

 seeing a girl that you like to look of。 and what are the steps that you have to take from here to there。

 What are some of the mindsets that you need to have on board， Because this is very important， too。

 This is not just an external skill。We're not just looking at function。

 We're also looking at what goes on internally。 Now， again。

 this is not a super deep inner a game or meditation workshop or program。 These are。

 these are programs that I also do offer。 And it is a really wonderful and powerful thing to investigate on a deeper level to work on your belief structures。

 your values。😊，Your emotional intelligence and your ability to use meditation tools and inner game tools to make yourself more confident and more clear。

But we will be looking at these in brief。 What are some of the mindsets that a man who is an effective seducer。

 a great ladies man has。As opposed to what often the average guy has。

 because there are many limiting beliefs。All outdated ways of thinking that don't assist you。

 And most guys who have trouble in their dating lives are carrying around some of these ineffective or limited belief structures。

 So we'll look at that and look at better ways to start viewing this process of seduction so that you can have a higher level of confidence and selfesteem and you can feel more entitled to be able to bring women into your life that you desire。

Then we'll be looking at the nuts and bolts， the how to。 And that's the bulk of this program。

 I want to be able to give you guys over the next few weeks， the ability。

To start a conversation in any situation。 And in order to do that， if I was just to say， hey， man。

 just be natural， Just go with a float。 That would be。O advice in some ways。

 because at the end of the day， once you have internalized these skills and they become part of you。

 then yeah， you don't need to think too much about what you're doing these days， if I meet a woman。

 most of the time， I'm just feeling my instinct。 I'm essentially just moving from my desire。

But it is my years of practice and analysis。And experimentation。

Of all of the possible ways that I can do this， all of the functional aspects of conversation or opening or getting a girl's phone number。

 all of those things which I've drilled and integrated into my life and helped thousands of guys to do themselves。

😊，That eventually， those things do become second nature。 But for starters。

 I'm not just going to give you vague information。 I'm going to give you very， very specific tools。

 You will learn how to read a girl in certain situations。So that you can know。

 is it a good idea to stop her or is it a good idea to walk next to her？Does she seem to be open。

 Is she more closed。 Is she super busy， Does she look like she's got plenty of time。

 And once I get into the conversation to be able to figure out in real time。

 what is the better avenue that I should follow， Because if you try to memorize or rehearse lines or conversational patterns。

 you'll come up against the problem that women are not robots and that every scenario is different。

The same woman will operate very differently on a Saturday night when she's in a club。

And the next afternoon， when she's out walking her dog in a park。

 she will operate in very different ways。 She will respond to different stimulus and different styles of conversation and approach。

 So it's important that you learn the skills of putting forward。Your intention。

 putting forward your desire and then being able to read her responses to you and adjust to the needs of the moment。

The breakdown of this course is divided into three weekly components。

And I've done this in such a way to try to。Give you a logical progression for what you need to learn in order to go from not being able to approach and get numbers to being able to approach and get on dates。

So the first week， we will be looking at。What does it mean to be a seducer。

 What are some of the overall mindsets。And some of the understandings that you need to really internalise in order for this to feel good when you do it。

Some of the ways that you'll need to question things that you've previously held to be as truths。

 and that's one of the big understandings that I learned through my meditation practice and through inner game work is that your idea of truth。

Can severely limit you or it can set you free if you're originally attached to the way you think the world is and specifically how you think women are and dating is。

 especially if it's along the lines of， if I go and present myself to a woman that's creepy or disrespectful in some way or that I should。

Just wait for the right one to come into my life。 And there's。

 there's a whole big area of mythology that we are fed about this idea of the one。

 the girl that's out there that's waiting for you。 And all you need to do is just kind of hang around and wait and hope。

 And eventually， the right person will come along。It's probably true that at some point。

 someone will come along， but is she going to be the right one for you or is she just going to be the one that you have access to。

The reality being for most men in their dating lives。

 they end up with girls out of a very limited pool of choices。If they're very lucky and fortunate。

 they may find an exceptional partner， but that's not as likely as if we are actively。

 proactively going out there， meeting a whole range of different women to find out what it is that we like to be able to develop our skills。

Because that's another one of the fallacies is that when you meet the one。

 you'll just intuitively know what to do， that she will register that you are the one for her and that you guys will have this cosmic connection。

Can that kind of thing happen for sure， Yeah， I mean， I've experienced that。

Maybe two or three times in my life where you meet someone and you just have instant chemistry。

 It all flows perfectly。 but I've also had many， many other relationships and affairs and beautiful experiences with girls where initially。

 it didn't just flow and that I had to use my abilities， my skills。

In order to be able to get through the inevitable situation of awkwardness when two people meet。

 that's a very， very common thing。 When two strangers meet very often， they don't click instantly。

 They have to feel each other out。 They need to see how they communicate and work out each other's communication style。

 and they need to get to know each other。 and that process of getting to know somebody。

 It does involve moments of awkwardness。 It involves not knowing exactly what to say。

 It involves misunderstandings。 And all of these things that are perfectly natural and normal when two people meet can be navigated through。

It's not important。That you learn how to be perfect at this。

It's not important that you learn to be super smooth and always have the right thing to say。

 Women do not expect that。 Women are hoping for and expecting that they can meet a man who is bold enough。

To show his intention， but is also respectful enough to read where she's at。

 She doesn't mind if he sometimes says the wrong thing as long as he can be aware of what he said and then recalibrate and adjust if needed。

 Let's say if you said something that she found offensive or abrasive or confusing。

 or there was a misunderstanding。 All of that stuff is normal， natural and over time。

 as you start to practice this。 You'll come to see that there are certain patterns of behavior。

 and there are patterns of mistakes， and there are ways for us to make mistakes and then pull the train back on the rails and still get success。

 That's my hope over the next few weeks that I will be able to give you the tools to be able to go out there and start making real progress。

 However， this is going to require commitment on your behalf and diligent practice。 On one hand。

 you could certainly view this course as an intellectual exercise。As entertainment。

 there's something you're kind of curious about。 and you want to find out more about。

 And there's nothing wrong with that。 This is where everybody who got interested in seduction started。

 Initially， you didn't even know that at some point， you didn't know that it was possible。

For normal average looking。Guy with just average social skills to be able to go up to a girl somewhere and try to pick her up。

 I know for myself， there was a， you know， most of my life was lived like that where I would see women walking by beautiful women who clearly were in a different scene to me。

 I had no association with。😊，And I just knew， okay， I'll never made that goal， and。

I I don't have any chance to。 And so all the only feeling I had was kind of one of sort of just regret or sadness。

 just thinking， oh， well， you know， I guess。😔，I'm never going to meet a girl like that。

 All I can do is hope that someone like that might come into my extended social network。

 And if a girl like that ever did， which occasionally she did。

Then there would be a scramble as all the single males in the social circle would be all bickering and fighting and jostling to try and get this one girl。

 one hot girl that's come into the social scene or come into your class。

It's a very limited way of thinking。So the first thing you need to be able to do is start to shift your mindsets and allow the possibility that this is a possibility for you to be able to。

Look at this objectively without any of your kind of needy or limited viewpoints getting in the way to see。

 okay， what is the philosophical potential。If I was to engage with this information。

 So that is the first stage。 and I encourage you guys to okay to watch through these videos and have a think about them。

 see how you feel about them， discuss them with your friends。 you know， all that stuff。

 Sure research other material or other schools of thought。 that's totally fine。However。

Out of that will come almost nothing in terms of real world results。

 I can study something for a long time。 but if I don't go and apply it practically。

 then all it is is theory。 And it is definitely not my intention to just give you more theory。

 I know a lot of guys who have started researching， dating and seduction。

 spend a lot of time checking out all different schools of thought and watching hundreds of hours of videos and collecting products and books you know。

 discussing things on forums and Facebook groups and so on。 And that's all fine。 Okay。

 that's intellectual stimulation。 that's starting to work with theories。

But the real results come when you walk out your front door， walk down the street。

 See a girl walk over and say， excuse me。 hi， I know this is a little。Unusual， but。

You look smoking today or some of the many variations of what you might do in that situation from that position。

When I actually go and engage with girls， now something is really happening。

 And even if it is just as simple as that， waving and saying hello to someone and giving them a compliment。

 walking on。Its it seems like a simple and kind of insignificant action in some ways。 but it is。

 it is actually a massive change。 I know for myself。

 when I first started just going out and in my fumbling way， started to try and engage with girls。

 I wasn't very good at it。 I was not doing the right thing now， when I look back on it。 But still。

 things were happening instantly， the moment that I started saying， hi。

 I was learning about the responses of women， I was starting to understand my own fear。

Because so much of the reason why I'd never done this before。 Firstly。

 I was kind of ignorant to the idea was possible。 But once I sort of came around to the idea that yeah。

 I guess this could happen， the thing that held me back then and held most men back is their fear。

 fear of unworthiness， fear of being judged。Fear of looking like a fool。 and all of those。

Issues that we have inside ourselves that prevent us from taking the action or going for what we really want。

Vitally important that we start to test that。 We start to figure out where are our blockages。

 that we start to see the shadow side of our， which is preventing us from getting what we want。

 that we investigate our ego and our sense of identity and come to terms with the fact that we have invested a whole lot of mental。

 emotional energy into staying the same。And staying the same is very rarely a good idea。The world。

 your circumstances， people， everything around you is in flux and change。

And especially once we start learning about meeting women， dating women。

 we'll see that there are so many things that keep on shifting and changing。

 The ground moves under our feet。 You can feel confident one day and you can be on top of the world。

 And the next day， you can feel like a loser。 And is there a way to navigate through these inevitable ups and downs without quitting without just retreating into your own。

Self enclosed bubble。 And there is。And that is through diligent daily progress and practice。

So as you start to get the information over the three weeks， I give you theoretical aspects。

 things to think about， concepts to work with， and also we will look at to some degree the inner game。

 so what's going on internally giving you some simple meditation techniques to calm yourself down。

 clear your mind。Some different ways of thinking about yourself， the world， women dating。

And that's all a really good foundation。 But what is most important is that this does not just become a program that sits on your computer that you check in and you agree or disagree with。

But that it is something that is a catalyst for you， that is。

 it is an ignition for you to go out and start making real change in your life。And therefore。

 I want you to make a profound， deep vow to yourself right now that this course is going to be that an instigator for you to go out and start meeting women。

Not just one woman a month， Not just occasionally when it seems like a really good chance。

Not just when a girl drifts into your social orbit， but tomorrow and the next day and the next day。

 because unless unless you live on an oil rig or on on an isolated mountaintop or something。

 if you're in a town， a city， a metropolis where there's lots and lots of single females。

 then there is not really any excuse。There's more or less an inexhaustible supply of attractive。

Young women for you to go and meet。The only thing that's really stopping you is your lack of information。

 your lack of skills。But those are the ones that we're going to be learning。 And then your own fears。

 your own limitations， perceived limitations。Your own belief structures that can hold you back。

And you start cracking those and shifting your presuppositions about what's possible by going and seeing what is possible。

 And that means you need to roll up to a girl and say hi。Now。

 do you need to have all the information， all the system ready before you go and do that， no。

That's a common mistake。A lot of guys think， well， before I want to go out there and risk making a fool of myself or getting rejected。

 I want to know everything。I want to know how to open， how to have conversations。

 how to qualify and flirt and connect。And escalate and use logistics and cocky。

 funny and floating and all sorts of stuff。 And then once I understand the whole system and I've studied it for God knows how long then I'll go out and test it。

This is a very slow and ineffective way to get good at this。

Unlike many of the vocations and careers that a lot of my clients have。

 which are often technical fields that require a high， very high degree of accuracy。

 sometimes close to 100 percent for it to work， seduction is not like that。

It is not an exact science。 You do not need to be perfect to get amazing results。

All you need to do is to be a bit better than the other options that the girl has in her life at any given time。

Often， all you need to do is just go and make the first move。

 and sometimes the girl will meet you halfway。 Sometimes she'll help you。

 Many times she'll help you because women are not invested in rejecting all men。

 Women don't hate men。 Women don't want to live a life of sexual frustration and loneliness。

 They want to have。Great relationships， great sex， fun， floaty interactions。

 They want to go on dates with a cool。😊，Bold guy they met recently。 If a woman is single。

She's not with the love of her life， or she's not in a very committed relationship。

Then more than likely， she's open to meeting a new guy。Of course she is。

 That's that's part of her deep， embedded prerogative for life。

So you don't need to be perfect to break through her barriers。 Often。

 you just need to present yourself in a way that is real， natural。Unapologetic and bold。

 but at the same time， can be totally vulnerable。 You can just be yourself with all your flaws。

 Of course， you want to over time， work on yourself and improve in all areas of your life。

 But the reality is that you are good enough right now。

There is some woman in your city or many women in your city who。

 if given a chance to see the real you will go， okay， cool， I'll give this guy a chance。 or yeah。

 he's my kind of guy or fuck yes， I want to take that guy home tonight。 believeieve it or not。

 wherever you are at in your development， there are women who are more than happy to start some kind of relationship with you。

So it's vitally important that you start to go out and trial this。

 even when you don't really know what you're doing。From week one。

 we'll be looking at some of the basics。Of how to approach it goal。

Simple thingses like how to stop a girl on the street， how to use。Pre famming。

What kind of ways should we start a conversation or open。

 And even if you only know that amount of information， that's more than enough to start。

 That means you can go up， start a conversation。 And let's say you get into it and you're 30 seconds in and you're like。

 I don't really know what to say now。 Okay， that's fine。 What you can do at that point。

 is just go for a close and say， hey， listen， I got to go。

 But would you like to grab a coffee sometime And youll be very surprised。

The women will sometimes say yes。 And as you get better， of course， they're gonna say yes。

 more often and much more enthusiastic yes。 But as I've seen on all of my programs。

 often on the first day， men come in who've had almost no experience with women。

 they learn some of these basic techniques。 and within an hour， they've getting phone numbers。

 if they try and get them。😊，The guys that think， allright。

 I need to practice my opening minute and get that perfect。 And then when I've got that。

 absolutely perfect。 then maybe I'll move on to mastering the conversation aspect。

 and then I'll spend months figuring that out。 And then only then will I start thinking about trying to get a girl on a date。

Often those guys do give up because it's really hard to just keep practicing that first bit。

 which can be awkward and can be difficult forever and not get any results。

The guys that get good at seduction are the men that learn how to open， learn how to close。

Kind of as simple as that。 Everything else in between all the nuance and the subtleties and the artistry。

 you develop that over time， and it gets better and better。

 But I've certainly picked up many women in my life with very bad approaches。

 whereas at I've listened in non conversations。On my students。

 sometimes guys who have very good banter or very good kind of cht chat。

 or they're just good conversationists。And yet， they're not pulling a trigger。

They're not trying to be decisive and actually escalate this。

 And so those conversations just float and fade out。So it's vitally important from tomorrow。

 with whatever skills you've learn from these videos that you go out and test it。

Go up and meet five women， even if it's just to say hi and tell her what you think of her outfit or how awesome she looks or make an assumption about it or whatever it is。

 going in there and actually starting something。 This is where your journey is really starting to accelerate。

 And then you run out of things to say， ask her for a coffee anyway。

 If she's not trying to get away from you or blow you off and she's more or less happy to talk to you。

 Why not？ Because many times a girl doesn't give you。😊，Very。You know。

 outrageously obvious signals that she's interested。

 Sometimes girls are just kind of like nodding and answering your questions。

 They don't seem that into you。 But then you ask them for a coffee and they say， okay。

Because why not？ Yeah， like if she's in a situation where she meets a guy， you know， he's trying。

 he's， he's bold enough to give it a shot。 That's already demonstrating good things about you。

That's already enough often to arouse curiosity in her。

 And if she's single and she hasn't been on a date in a while， very often， she'll think， O， why not？

 why not？ It's good enough？ We can work with that。 You， I've had many seductions where。

It's pretty obvious the girl was not that into me at the beginning。

 But because I just took the steps， I showed that I was into her。 I wasn't needy。

 but that I was clear about my interest in her and that I was leading it somewhere。

 and I offered to take her out somewhere。That she came and maybe she came just out of boredom。

 Maybe she came because she didn't have anything else to do that night。

 Maybe she came just to see what it was like。 And then over the course of the conversation and the escalation with touch and so on。

 she became more and more interested in me。I can work with。That kind of level of interest。

 And so can you。So from tomorrow， you're going to be going out in the field。

 on the streets in a cafe at a bookshop。In your university library。On the beach。

 there's so many places and ways that you can meet women。 There should really be no excuses。

 If you're so busy that you can't take 5，10 minutes out of your day to meet a girl。

Then your lifestyle needs some work。 You are too busy。

The the reality is the vast majority of us can take five minutes。

 We can miss that bus and get catch the next one。 We can be five minutes late for our friend。

 We can not have to rush around all the time in thinking that all of our little errands and tasks are so important that it's worth missing out on possibly a life- changing experience or a wonderful love affair。

Or a hot night in bed with a sexy girl。 So please start looking at your daily schedule， seeing。

 all right， where is it that I can start to fit approaching girls into that。

 This is something I do with all my clients at the end of a workshop。 We sit down and we go。

 allright， you've learn the skills。 Now， how are you gonna apply them into your day to day life back home。

 And you look at it and you think， allright。😊，Well， I usually drive to work。 Could I。

Park somewhere a little bit further away from my work and then walk down the busy street and talk to a girl in the way。

 go 10 minutes early。 Yeah， could I on my lunch break instead of sitting at my desk。

 Could I head out， walk around， grab a coffee and talk to a girl before I go back to work。

 Probably Could I after work instead of rushing straight to the gym or straight home。

 Could I go out into a public space and meet girls then， for sure。

 What are you doing with your time on the weekends， Are you wasting it。

Hanging around with the same people that you do the same shit with every single week。

 Are you doing distracting behaviors like watching too much TV or porn or taking drugs and alcohol or wasting time playing video games or whatever else。

 start clawing back pieces of that time。 even if it's just a few hours a week， split up over 5，10。

20 minute blocks here and there。 Suddenly， you start to become a social person。Suddenly。

 by going and meeting a dozen or more girls a week。

 you become the kind of guy that is bringing abundance into his life。Right now。

 you may feel like you're living in scarcity， and that's quite possible。

If your options of how many women you could call right now to go out with is 0 or one。

 and she's not that great or a couple of possibilities， maybe。Then I don't believe that's enough。

 If you're investing a huge amount of expectation and effort into one girl or one prospect who's not that interested in you。

 then you're wasting time。 And that's a very， very common mistake。

I've done it almost every man I know has done it。 put a lot of time and effort into a girl in my social circle who I'm friends with or I feel like maybe there's a possibility。

 But if there ever was， it's likely that was in the first couple of days we knew each other。

 And that after that， I'd been friends zoned。She just sees me as a nice guy， as a friend。

 as a guy she can use maybe or just some generic man that's in her general life。

 She doesn't see you in that situation as a romantic prospect and unfortunately many men waste months。

 sometimes years fixating on one girl。The reason is not because that girl is so special。

 Maybe she's cool。 Maybe she's average， but she's not that special that she's worth pining over for months。

 The reason why they do that is because they don't have other options。This course gives you options。

From tomorrow， you could shift from being a man living in scarcity to living in abundance of women。

And you may think， what， I'm not going to learn how to pick up every girl tomorrow。 No， that's true。

 You won't be how to pick up every woman on the street tomorrow。

 But if you go and follow the course material， you can walk up to almost any woman。

She's by herself or with a friend， not with a boyfriend， not with a father， probably。

 and not driving past you in a car。 if you can walk up to her。And say， hello， then you have a。

 you have a shot。 you have a chance。 And therefore。

 you start having an abundance of options in your life， an abundance of possibilities。

And very soon as you start to improve your skills， those options increase from being just options of people to meet to options of women to date。

 And that's the aim of this course。 is to take you from wherever you are at now。

 whatever level of scarcity or inability or personal。Anxiety or fear about going and doing this。

And leading you to a space where you can go and meet the girl or girls of your dreams any day。

 any time， anywhere。So。Without too much more going on about this。

 I want you to move on to the first modules。Watch the videos。Theoreical ones， the practical ones。

 have a think about them。 Check out the infield examples that I've， I've given you。

 And then most importantly， go and do the drills。 I've structured a whole series of。

Simple drills for you to go out in the streets and practice。And without that， as I have said before。

 and I cannot emphasize enough， there will be no results。

So you can't come complaining to me in a month saying。

 oh I didn't meet any girls if you didn't go and meet any girls。

All I can do is give you the information， try to give you some motivation so that you can go out there and make it happen for yourself。

So let's move on to the first modules。