# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：06.对话-基础谈话【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼。Good morning。I'm awake in the morning。 That's how much I love you。I don't do that very often。

 So I hope you appreciate it。Alright， we're gonna get straight into this。 So as I said yesterday。

 there are two main problems that men have when they first come to me。

 The first one is feeling weird and scared and nervous and having anxiety about just going and talking to girls at all。

 And then the second one is issues with conversation。

Dealing with this common situation of going up and just running out of things to say or finding yourself just rambling。

 talking absolute nonsense， boring the shit out of yourself and her。 You like， what am I doing。

 I'm just asking random things。 And I can see your eyes glazing over。

 And I understand why she doesn't like me。 And I don't know what else to do。

 so anyone can relate to that at all。Yes。And you guys all have a friend， right。

 You all have a sibling or a parent。 And do you run out of things to say when you're hanging out with your best buddy。

And do you have that where you're just like talking to best friend and suddenly just like。我这。

's this awkward thing after six years of friendship。 and both of you look at each other and then。

That doesn't really happen， Does it， Because if you run out of。

 if you don't feel like saying something， then you just go。Look at be fine。

You just do something else。 You don't care， right， Okay you don't run out of things to say because you have a shared history because you have a common language that you speak。

 You know， you might have your own in jokes and your various ways of communicating that you've developed over the years because you understand each other So you know what kind of questions or topics might be of interest to each other。

 It's not the fact of the matter is that you guys are not awful conversationists。

 It's not that you are crippled in this area in your life。 The problem is very specifically。

To do with women that you've just met primarily。 Okay。

 and maybe that that extends into the first dates and getting something going， I mean， who's。

 who's had a girlfriend like do you， if you， if you had a girlfriend， who's had a girlfriend。Oh。

 good for you。嗯。If you've gotten past the awkwardness and the fumbling around to get a girlfriend。

 then again， you don't usually run out of things to say with your girlfriend。

 You just talk about stuff。 And then if you feel like having a break， you're have a break。

I had one relationship where I was still nervous about talking to the girl for years。

 She was so intimidating that I I would have that sensation like， fuck， I mean。

 living together for a year and a half， what should I talk to her about today。

But that was kind of an unusual situation。So。What I'm gonna do today with Todora is we're going to give you guys some of some basic conversational hacks。

 some ways of some very practical tools that will allow you to go from having these stilted。

 boring conversations to having something which is alive and interesting。But first。

 I want to talk about what are some of the common mistakes Now， as I said yesterday。

 a lot of my job involves putting a microphone on a guy， sending him out。

 listening to the conversation。 right， So especially the first couple of days of a workshop。

 I get to listen to。 I'm like， oh boy。Okay， and I have to cringe with him。 He's cring。 I'm cring。

 The girls cring。 And we're just， we're all sharing this。 She doesn't know that I'm involved in this。

 She just sees this guy over in the corner going。So it's a weird experience。

 But I get to listen in on these conversations all the time。 And so， of course。

 I've seen these patterns reoccur countless times of common mistakes。

 It's very rare that I hear a guy do something that a mistake where I'm like， whoa， that's a new。

 weird thing to do。 It's like， yeah， okay， I've seen that before。' seen that before。

 And there's a bunch of them。 So let's just。😊，Demo is some of them， right， so。H there， how are you。

Hey， you' fine Great。 awesome。 Yeah， I'm really good， too。 And what's the。

 what are you doing for today， What what are you doing today， Actually， no plans， No plans see Okay。

 Yeah， we will see， won't we。 Yeah， It's a good thing about。😊，Later。

 you see what happened exactly when you get there。 And then so what else do do you have a pet and any pets。

Don't have a pet。 No， no no， no。 I don't like those pets at home。 you know， No， I don't need。 No。

 I hate them。 fucking hate pets。what's your favorite color， white， Actually， I really like white。

 Yeah， good， great Fred。 White's great。 I I'm wearing white， too。 So you know what they say。

 What are they saying。😊，too。 That's what they say they say like too。 You read that book too， okay。So。

Prety good huh？All right， What was I doing wrong？Speaking too fast， this is， this is the primary。

 primary mistake here。And often when a guy comes out of an interaction and I， Ill say， okay。

 listen to this。 This is what you sound like。 And then I do that。

 And I just tell him and he's shocked。 And he's like， who。

 I didn't know that I was speaking that fast。Because in that moment， where your。

 where your blood is rising and your heartbeats accelerating， you don't notice this。

 This is a lack of awareness because most people don't talk like that when they're talking to their best bodies。

This is， this is a result of you being tense， getting up into your head。

 trying to think of the next thing to say。 And as a result。

I start tripping over myself and not listening。 And then it accelerates the whole pace of the interaction。

 I just start to burn it out faster。And she has no real choice。

 but either increase the pace with me or start to collapse under the weight of me just bombarding it with。

 with too much information， too fast。So it's a technical mistake， but there's an underlying issue。

What do you think The reason is why I might be doing that， aside from me feeling nervous。Anyone。

Overcomp。 Yeah it's too vague。 What else。Yes， I cannot hold the pressure。 That's， that's。

 that's an issue。 It's， if I allow silence to drop for a second， suddenly a pressure build。

 a vacuum is created。 And that's awesome。 If you know how to sit in that pressure。😊，Right。

That's a big part of my game is just being able to sit in the pressure。

 hold the girl's eye contact until she finally just goes， All right， have sex with me。有。呃。But， okay。

 that's still not what I'm looking for。 The thing that I'm looking for here is my own answer。

 which I'll tell you， which is that。The implication here is that I need to convince the girl to stay。

Right， it's like， just hang on， don't leave。 Don't。 Please don't leave。 give me a chance。

 if I get all these words out really quickly and hopefully you'll， you'll think， okay。

 youll gonna to stay with it what's that。 this is what I'm doing。

 I'm I'm trying to get the girl's attention and。Any guy。

 any person that's a good street hustler doesn't do that。Yeah， theyre in New York City。

 There's some amazing street hustlers like beggars and， yeah。

 people who are just come in to get money off you。 And that's the thing out in New York。

 Everyone's fucking at the top of the game。 even the beggars。 You know， they kick ass。😊，And。

 you know， I've had like， you know， an old black man come up and he says。

You want to know what I did when I was a young man？That's right。Yeah， comedian。Really， yeah。

 got a dollar for a staring artist。 And he's got me。I'm like， yes， I do。

 And then he lays out five awesome jokes。 Allright， So he didn't。

 those people don't come up if they're good， They don't come up and start scrambling and trying to get your attention。

 They draw you in with a little hook。 And then you're interested。Right。

 so that's the first thing that you need to be aware of doing。 because if I， if I just go， hey。

 excuse me and hold clear intention on a girl。I wanted to say something。 these little vacuums。

 these little moments of pressure， as long as I hold intensity。

 are the things that will tend to get a girl's momentary curiosity。

 not the me scrambling to get her attention。Okay， so that's the first mistake。 Stop it。All right， so。

In within that example， there were some other ones as well。

 Anyone noticed any other issues that I was doing， yeah。Repeating back the thing that she said， Yeah。

 it's really weird to listen in in on。 I'll do it again。So what And now now finally。

 I've got it to stop。 great。 And what do you do with yourself。Today， no， what's your job。

 I'm a nurse。 You're a nurse。 Yeah， right。 And where did you study that。

At university is at a university。Cool， cool。 And do you like that。 Yeah， of course， Of course。

 you do。😊，Okay， that sounds really fucking weird。 And she notices after you do that twice。

 she notices this unless she's totally often with the fairts。Why did people do that， Same。

 same issue with not being able to handle pressure。It's right。 So she says something。

 and you are trying to fill fill all gaps because the assumption here is that if there is a moment's silence。

 she's just gonna drop you and leave。Alright， so what should you do instead of repeating back the things she said。

工。幸い。Shut up。 Just shut up for a second。Take a moment so you can think。Even if it's a bit too long。

 just stare at her for a little bit long。 And she's like。I've done it before。 I'm like。And you hold。

 you can hold pray people's pressure if you get the timing right， and you go。

What's it like being a nurse？ And now we move on to the next thing， okay。

There's another thing that I'm doing here， which I'll demonstrate again。

So do you have any brothers and sisters。 Yeah， I have a brother。 I've got three brothers。 Yeah。

 and who's your favorite。 I know you're not supposed to have a favorite， but do you have one。No。

 I have just one brother。 you just have one brother。 All right。 Okay， I he your favorite brother。

 Yeah， of course good。😊，And do you have a mother， I've got a mother， too。 got too。 Yeah right。

 and shes she。 No， And do you prefer your mother or your father。I wouldn't say any of them。 no， no。

 You wouldn't do that。 No， no， never。 I wouldn't ask that。 I didn't ask it。What colors your hair。

 by the way， Natural， Is it natural。 it's natural。 That's great。 I think it's it's brown Min's brown。

 That's great。 Yeah， great。😊，Alright， what am I doing wrong here。Agreeing with。All that， probably。

对对我。Letting her talk。 Yes， what I'm doing is I'm clipping the ends of what she says。

So as she is finishing the the word， I'm jumping in。Before she's even finished。Right。

 and as a result， I'm not listening。 Obviously， I'm not listening。

 I'm screwing myself up and asking how many brothers。 And she already told me。

 And this is a common thing。 Guy don't listen to the answer。

 And so they get in those situations wherere like， fuck， I I'm tripping over myself。

 So it has that effect。 but worse still， it has the effect of training her to shut up。

Because when you're having an argument with somebody， that's what you do。

 You try and shout over each other to force the other person to back down。

 And if the other person is invested in the argument， they will fight back。Right。

 so then then there be either， therell be these opposing viewpoints being thrown at each other。

 and you're trying to cut each other off and clips so that until finally someone gives up。

In the situation where you have a girl you've just met on the street。

 She's not invested in winning the fight。She doesn't care。Alright， so if she feels that pressure。

 you ask a question and she goes， dad。 And then she feels that clip。And she goes。

And then you do another one。 And then she ask she responds again and then shut it down again。

 After a couple of those， she'll just be like， oh， buddy， whatever。 I'll shut up then。

 I'll just wait for you to finish。Like hammering me with these stupid words for a while。

 and then I'll make my excuse， and I'll leave。Rightright， now， interestingly。

 I'm not trying to do that， right， That's not my intention。 My intention is not to make her shut up。

 It's not to win an argument。 It's actually to show her that I'm acknowledging her。

 that I that I that I'm encouraging her。that's what I'm trying to do。 I'm like， oh yeah， cool， right。

 Oh great。 Yeah。 I've got to one of those。 I'm jumping in because I'm trying to encourage you to say more。

 but it's having the opposite effect。 It's making her want to invest less。😊，Right。

 so a really important one。Don't click the ends of the goal sentences。 And and even if you like。

 don't do it directly at the end either。 So if she finishes the word。

 don't then jump in straight away。 Leave some space。And it can be useful to record yourself in field。

Right， you can just put em a cheap mic onto your iPhone。 that can be bad， though。

 because then if you get the number， you pull it out and it's recording。

 And she And then she doesn't give you the number， so。

Get on ebay and buy yourself a cheap MP3 player and record yourself。 Very useful。

 Like that's when I started filming myself in field， I straight away。

 my game went through the roof because I looked at myself and I went， oh boy， No， don't。

 I thought I was good。 That's bad。😊，Because standing back from yourself， you can observe and go。

 okay， posture and pace and all of these things。 So if you observe yourself or you have a good wing man or you get an awesome coach to listen in on you。

 then you can start to make these corrections。How do you make these corrections， You。

 you notice them is the first point。Right， that's， that's the first way to change any behavior is we have to go from being unaware of it to being aware of it。

And then， so you're intellectually aware， I I need to slow down， or I need to not clip。

And then I get into the conversation， and I start to notice myself doing it。 right。

 That's the initial thing。 You find yourself， shit， I just cut her off。

 I'm talking too fast while you're doing it or just afterwards。 Good。

 And that's where you start to get frustrated yourself。 Good， This will start to help you。

 And then you reach points where you notice that the impulse rise inside you to jump in。

 speak too fast。 And then you go。And you wait and you see a gap， And then you see the response。

 The girl starts doing something different。Sometimes she will just walk away。 That's okay。

 Its you just need to be willing to let girls walk away Paradoxically。

 they're more likely to want to stay there。 If I'm trying to scramble after her to get her to stay。

 and it's not going to work。O。Another thing。That I'm doing here。 I've done it before， but Ill。

 I'll show you again。What do you like doing for fun， Just hanging around with my friends。 Co， cool。

 That's great。 Yeah， me too。 And what's， Where do you like to hang around。

 mostly in the city center Yeah， dark square， You know， di， Yeah， know， That's cool。 It's cool。

 It's cool。😊，It's cool。 And what else do you like to do。I don't know like fun stuff Yeah。

 like go for concerts， concerts like that Yeah me too cool。I went to a concert。

That's pretty cool actually。Yeah， just leave me。So problem here is what。B favorite。也。

You weren't act then you won't respond to what she said。Moving on to the next bit。Right。

 so I'm not really responding。 There's this thing of， I'm acknowledging what she said。

 but every time it's just cool or nice or yeah。 there's various ways that guys will do it。

But what it's doing is。It's setting up this scenario where everything that she contributes to me。

 I just validate in a very generic way， but I don't really contribute anything here。

And that's another one of those things that people just installed instead of a silence or instead of thinking for a moment and starting to direct the conversation in an area that's going to work properly。

So that's another one to be really aware of。 If I'm just saying cool and nice and na yeah and。

 and or repeating back just these kind of bland acknowledgments， they don't have any effect on her。

 just， you just come across as the generally agreeable guy。All right， another big no no。 All right。

 one more。呃，我的就对老师嘛。I went to Italy。 Whatabouts。Where in where in Italy in。

 I was in Well in what in the summer was it， Yeah And which part of Rome was it。Whole room I visited。

 you know， the city。Did you see any of the sites like the Roman sites， Which one， almost everything。

 Which one，tican museums， Vatican， yeah。And which other ones。You know those famous stops。

 which other ones？the Colosum and Peterum。 And that's got like lots of columns， right。Okay的。How many。

Yeah。I didn't count it。Did you eat pasta there。Yeah， of course。 Which type was your favorite typeag。

Vegetarian or not veget。 Not vegetarian。Do they put a lot of mozzarella on that one。Roughly how much。

I don't know， but I prefer Paminjao。Which pameaginna do you prefer， It's a type of a cheese。

Thank you。What， at least I'm trying。All right， so what's the problem here。Too many questions， only。

 only questions。All I did there was ask questions。Every single answer she gave。

 I just hit her with another fucking question。This is not a conversation。

 This is a weird interrogation。 This is a weird interview。And you've all done this， haven't you？Yeah。

 maybe not as awkwardly as that。But I'm deliberately exaggerating it。 So you can see， yeah， yeah。

 I've done that before。And there's two ways。 there's two ways that guys do this。 One is that way。

 which is where I just。M every， every answer she gives me， I ask another detailed question。

 But all of this stuff was facts。 all of this stuff。 I could Google。Right I could get on。

 I could find out how many columns are in the Coliseseum if I really needed to。

I don't need her to explain any of those things。And I didn't find out anything about her experience in Rome。

 I just collected facts about pastor and sites。Right， so that's a problem。

I don't know anything about her as a person。 It's not personal in any way。And I'm just going。

 and I'm just， it's like there's this tunnel and every answer。

 I keep moving down the tunnel and it gets tighter。 I've got less room to move。

 and it's getting weirder and more boring And every step I take until at the end。

 I'm just squashed in there going， And she's out popped out the other end and run away。😊。

So that's one way that guys do it。 and the other way is this。What's your favorite color， The white。

 Do you have a pet， No， I do not。 Is your hairel， is that a wig。Yeah。And those are great shoes。

 Where did you get them。I don't remember actually and are you from Budapest originally and where will you be at the end of the day today？

IPro my friends。 Yeah， at a pub。And what time is it now？No。I really need to know because I didn't。

 I have no idea。 I have no one。 And do you know how to get from here to the Basilica。Yeah， you。

 you just have to walk。 And where's good， I'm not from here。 So where's good to go out in Budapest。

There are some good places like simple cart。 you know， that's quite famous really， not interested。

Okay。Okay， what's the problem。I'm random questions。 I'm asking all sorts of different questions。

 It's like there's all these doors in front of me。 And each one is a topic。 And I just open it up。

 and I'm gonna one question。 I like， get out of here。 That's enough of that。

 And I move to the next one。Right， this is a very common mistake。

 And this is the primary reason why you run out of shit to say。

Is you ask one question or two questions about a subject。

You don't find out anything particularly personal about the girl。

 And then you dump the topic and move on to the next one。Anyone done that before。

 just been stabbing around randomly in the dark。 You might not do it that obviously。

 like all that in in such an exaggerated manner。 but that's happening。

That's why you run out of things to say， because you're going across the surface of various topics and you're not digging deeper into them。

If I just asked her， what's that like or is that fun or how like how do you feel about that。

 or why do you do that about any of those things now， then I would have started getting depth。

Getting into a topic and investigating it together。 That's when it starts to come alive。Okay。

 does that make sense。Okay， so let me just show you this again， without exaggeration。

So where are you from， I'm from here。 It's from Budapest， All right。

And so were you always from here or you came from somewhere else。

 like another town I've been here all your life。 Do you like it here。It's a cool place。

What would you say is the best thing to do in town。Wow， actually。

 just sightseeing is really cool here。 I mean， it's still interesting for me。 You still。

 you still love the place after all this time。 All right。 And what's your。

 what's your favorite place in town if you have to go off and like。😊。

I don't know like chill out by yourself。I， the area but around the big market。 I haven't been there。

 What's that like。It's really nice。 You know， it's really calm and。😊。

Everything is just so chilling there。 So I really like to sit next to the Danubbee and just。

I don't know。 Just checking the people and。where where is it exactly。It's exactly。Yeah。

 it's next to the mid market， okay。And so you working at the moment or what are you doing with yourself。

 Yeah， I work as a nurse。And like in a hospital or yeah in a hospital。

 private like a private one or public one， public one。 Yeah Yeah， I that a pretty crazy job。 Yeah。

 it is。Like and you do night shifts okay， so I guess you that must really be mess with your sleep schedule。

 that's true。It's pretty crazy。All right。So。To the untrained eye， that looks all right。Right。

 I'm asking some good questions。 I'm generally following what you's saying。

 It's not totally random and jumping all over the place。Right。Looks all right， doesn't it。Just。Yeah。

 so if I hadn't explained all this stuff to you and just started with that， you would have thought。

 what， That's all right， yeah。I can do that。Yeah。Okay， so now you're starting to see。 And this is。

 this is more likely what's going to happen。 Once ago， he learns to kind of settle down a bit。

 calm his nerves and get into conversations。 These are the kinds of conversations that start happening。

And you can。 you can date a girl from that kind of stuff。 Like。

 if you'd ask those questions and you're sort of generally following the the thread and。

 and my pacing and my timing was pretty good。 My eye contact and posture and so on。 Allright。

 And if I at the end of that said， hey， said， do you wantan to grab a coffee sometime。Okay。

 quite likely she'll give me a flaky number。Or maybe she'll just go， Yeah， he'll do yeah。

I haven't been late in a while， and。He's cute。 That's often why， why it worked。Right，Luckily。

 seduction is not an exact science。 Luckily， we don't have to get it perfectly。 Luckily。

 the women are not always trying to run away from us so that if we just make an effort。

 then they will sometimes meet us not usually halfway， but some other the way。 Okay。

 but that's not good enough， is it， We don't want to be just having these generic question answer。

 question answer conversations that are better than the ones where you're hammering are at full speed。

So what's the alternative。 And that's what I want to get into now。

I want to give you guys a very simple framework。Called Q A C， question， answer， contribute。

When I'm looking at conversation。OrPrevious， what were looking at is this tunnel thing or just like。

Answer comes to me。 And then I just randomly reach out and start another thread and then shut that thread down。

 start another thread。 S it down。 The way I view conversation is that every time I get a response from her。

 a bunch of crossroads open up to me。I have all these options。

 possibilities of what I could do in that moment。And， depending on what it is that I want to do。

Depending on the general vibe that I'm getting off the girl。

 Then I will adjust and shift and move in a specific direction。

But another one of the big problems of me just going question answer aside from it being a bit weird。

 And the girl going， what's going on， He just keeps asking questions。

 And sometimes girls will call it out。 I'm listening it on the mic and the girl say。

 is this an interview or you've got a lot of questions， Budy or why， is there any。

 do you need a tour guide or do you need some help， Girl will notice this stuff pretty fast。嗯。

But another big problem with this is that what I'm saying is you need to provide all of the content。

Right， I'm asking the girl to contribute every single piece of information， emotional gradient。

Stories， facts。Experiences， all of it has to come from her。Which is exhausting for her。 And also。

 what does it mean， What does she get to learn about me。Nothing粉。

And that's not going be useful if we ever want to see her again。

 because she doesn't want to meet a guy that's just a random face with no information and no sense of who you are。

If you want to consistently be good at meeting girls and getting them on dates。

 four major things need to happen in a conversation。Very simple stuff。

 The first one is that she needs to know why you're there。Right， that's why me going up and going。

 hey， So do you know where the something is， or that's a cute dog。And anything indirect。

 because as anyone tried that， like， you see a girl like with a dog and you're like， cool。 awesome。

 great thing。 I can go up and say something about the dog。

 You see a girl like taking a photo of a flower。😊，And and I had exactly that with a student the other day。

 There was a girl like taking a photo of a flower。 he's like， I got this。 And I'm like， no。

 no all right， fine。 he runs off and he's just like， he says something about。

 that's a cool angle and something。 she's like， yeah。

 And then he says something else about the photo。 And then he goes， so。

 And then it's just that's the cringe。 It's the like。

 I'm trying to just ship this from being the guy that notices girls taking photos to。😊。

How about my penis。that's creepy。Girls know instantly。

 they instantly that if you come up and mention anything about the dog or the photos or the time or the bus coming soon or anything。

 they know that it they you want to have sex with them。Because you could have asked anyone else。

 any of these other less attractive or male or old woman could have asked any of those people。

 And you chose her。 It's a big reason why it's so， it's so difficult。

 But if you do find yourself in that situation as an aside and you go， hey， cute dog。 And she says。

 thanks。 And you're awesome， too。 You're cute。 What's your name。 Okay， just like。

 cut it and move back to being direct。Right， that that's all right。 You can。

 you can always recalibrate things。 But in general。

 we want to go and let the girl know why we're there。 That's why we are directing intention。

 why we're direct with our compliments。 That's why the overall thing she needs to know is that you're a man who's interested in her as a woman。

 Second thing。You need to find out something real and unique about her。

Collection of facts that you can find on the Internet doesn't count。In general rule。

 if you're learning something about a topic， you're in the wrong direction。 You're doing it wrong。

Right， if you're finding out stuff interesting facts about something that's not her， it's wrong。

 If you're finding out interesting things about her。The way she does things， the how she feels。

 the what's going on for her in life。 Okay， that's good。 That's what we want to do。Thirdly。

 very importantly， and that's kind of the topic of this particular bracket。

Is that she needs to understand something clear about you。 She needs to feel you as a man。

 She needs to not just know your name and where you're from。

But something about your life about the way you are。 And I talked about this yesterday。

 in the curiosity talk。Find much more important， to find out。How she does it， how she does her life。

 as opposed to what she does in her life。 Same thing for you。 right， If I。

 and that's one of the things that I find challenging teaching men is that pretty soon they're good at starting to to dig and find out important information out of a God。

 but they often struggle to present themselves。 other than I am this age。

 I have this job I am from this city。So if you're gonna to talk about yourself， like I could do that。

 I could， I could say， all right， I'm 37 years old。 And， you know。

 I run a company and I play music sometimes， and I travel a lot。Right。

 and I could list 10 interesting things because I do plenty of interesting things。 but it still。

 she doesn't get any sense of me。Right，Or I could say， yeah， So I'm， I'm a run away from Australia。

 and I'm here illegally， and。I really， if I love being in Europe because it's so complex and weird。

 and I love being able to interface with all these different cultures。 I run， I run my own business。

 which I really love because I get to help people。 I don't have to get up in the morning。

 I'm a bit grumpy in the morning。😊，I grow up in the morning。 And。

 but my big passion in life is seeing one on1 people change and blossom into their true growth。

 because for me， that's been something that I struggle with。

 And I like to be able to share what I've learnt。Find out something about me now。Yeah。

 same kind of facts。 But now I'm contributing something about how I am， how I do like。

 some good stuff， some bad stuff， some I'm being fairly raw。 right now。

 the girl can start getting a sense of who I am。So let's just look at a very simple example。

In a conversation and see how we can work the different crossroads。

 What are our options other than asking another bloody question。Alright， so what are you。

 what are your plans for this summer。I'm planning to go to the creation Sea。Croatian Sea。

 it's it's such a gorgeous coastline。 I'm from Australia where we have like that dark blue water full of sharks。

 And what I love about the Croatian seaside is just like the crystal blueness。

 Like you just feel like you're diving into an ad for Gucci。😊，Sps， that's what I like it into。

Alright， so here's my first option， which is to make a comment。Alright， I've taken the information。

 She's going to the seaside。 And then I'm just giving a general comment about it。 My opinion on it。

Some simple contribution to the conversation。That then allows her to then bounce off that。 yeah。

 That's， that's how I feel about it， too， Or maybe I feel differently about it。 right。

 That starts to get something moving。Okay， so that's the first thing I can do。 comment or relate。

 second one。What are your plans for the summer？I'm going to do Croatency。Croian sees it's gorgeous。

 but I， I actually prefer Montenegro because it's kind of less touristy。

 There's a lot of Russian people there and Russians are pretty hot。 But yeah。

 I like it of it's more raw and undeveloped。All right， contrast。This is another option。

I'm not necessarily agreeing。 I'm just saying， okay， I'm taking her piece of information。

 and I'm shifting at some other place， saying that this is， this is an alternative。

 This is something I prefer， right， This is a good thing to do。

You don't have to agree with everything a girl says。However， I wouldn't do it like this。

What are you doing this summer？I'm going to the Croatcious scene Croatcious fucking shit。

And by extension， people who go there are， you know。That won't help。Well， I I， I had。

 a guy in a workshop recently who I on the first day， I'd explain this to him。 And he didn't quite。

 didn't quite understand。 because I was， I'd said， you don't need to always agree with girls。

 And then he was talking to this girl。 And she said she was studying art history and just said。

 I hate all art。And she's like， well， I mean， O。 But like， I why he said， it's pointless。

And I had to pull him aside afterwards and say， listen， man'am。Art is not pointless。 Come on。 you。

 do you just want us all to live in gray boxes， And I could see him wanting to say yes。把。To be fair。

 by the end of that course， he had really， really opened his mind。 He was really。

 because what what he had learn to understand is that if you want to seduce women。

 then you need to understand how they operate。 You don't have to be interested in their thing。

 but you need to be interested in the way that they perceive that thing。Okay。

 so that's our second option to contrast。All right。What else we got？Let me check my list。어리어。

I'm planning to go to the creation scene。All right。 have you been to Dbrovnik。No， I haven't。

 All right。 that's the place that I've been to in Croatia。 And it's fucking beautiful。

 It's medieval castle。 that's just juttting out over over the seaside。

 And I took my drone down there。 And I know girls don't think drones are that cool。

 Do you think they're cool。 Yeah You do fucking Yes a girl who thinks drones are cool。

 I know you're just saying that。 Yeah， and I flew it over。

 I flew it over there and then a Croatian cop came up afterwards。 And the Croatians are pretty。

 you know， they're very confident and like kind of cool。

 I mean they're cool people right I just really they know they know their shit。

 And this guy's like you know you can't do that here。 big fines。 So you got some money。

 And I was like， okay I start pulling eggs and he's like I'm just fucking with you。

 you guys think all of us ball comes like emols。All right。Didn't happen。 Just made it up。

 So what am I doing here， telling a little story。Yeah， and storytelling is is an art form。

 because I could say that same story like this。 Okay， what did you， what are you doing this summer。

 I'm planning to go to theency。I went to Croatia once to therovnik。

 and I flew my drone over the castle， the Citadel。 And then a Croatian cop came over。

 and then he said， you can't do that。 And then he asked me for money。

 But then I went to give him some money。 and he said， no I don't worry about it。Co。

Sounded better in my head，Different， right， I can't get into too much about what it means to have a great to do a great story。

 But some of the elements are there needs to be a punchline。

 And the punchline doesn't have to be amazing。 But in this， in this moment。

 the punchline that I managed to pull out of my ass at the last second was creating a character and creating a little bit of tension in me as the character and then releasing it。

 right， So that's what creates the laugh or creates the little release。😊。

And then I also gave a tiny little evocative thing of like explaining what Debrovnik is。

 So so you can sort sort of picture it。 You're there。 And then there's a story arc。

 It leads to a piece of tension。 And then it results。

 So that's your basically little formula for storytelling。Alright， what else can I do。

So what are your plans for this summer， I'm planning to go to the creation scene。

That is a great place for summer romance。Yeah， you're totally right。 Yeah。

 So I think I should find out when you're going there and head there at the same time。

You're really curious about Yeah， I want to know what date。

 what flight are you arriving on because I'm going to be there。 Okay。

 I'm going to be there on the 10 of July。 Maybe I'll arrive a day before to prepare。 All right。

 What am I doing here。I'm flirting。right， for all the Germans in the room， theyre like looking。

 what is he。This is， this is illogical。 It is pointless。I had to do one， I had to do one。

And thank you， Jeremy， because you guys keep us alive seriously。All right。

That's what I noticed when I went to Germany that German girls don't flirt。 but they fuck。

 whereasas Italian girls flirt， but don't fuck。 I'd be like talking with German girls。

 She's just like answering logically。 I'm like shit， this is going really badly。

 And I'm just like trying more my stuff。 And she's like just politely answering。 And then I'm like。

 do you want to get out of it。 Yes， of course。这。All right， thanks okay， so。What is floating。

 And this is another big topic。 I can't get into too much detail， but。

The general thing about flirt is because flir would not be this。 What are you doing，'。

 You can say that， What are you doing this summer， I'm going tocious。

 I'm going go there on the same day as you， and then we're gonna fuck。あ。Rightright。

 that's not flirtation。Because。Is it why， tell someone tell me why， Why is that not floatingt？Yeah。

 it's stupid direct。 All， This is me just stating bluntly， my sexual interest。

Flotation is the insinuation， the hinting at。Sex without stating it。 And that's why it's sexy。

😀That's why because I'm just making a little hint here that okay， you and I gonna hook up。

 And if at any point， she goes， I don't want to tell you what day I'm arriving。

 I can say I'm just listen with you。 I can pull the pressure off it。 It's fine， right。

 If I keep going and keep going at it。 And she's like， okay， yeah， sure。 And I'm like， no， seriously。

 what what time。 She's like， you know， just in the morning， Oh， yeah， I'll be there waiting for you。

 No， I don't do that。 I know what you really。 She're saying， oh， yeah， do that。 No， I'm not。😊，Yes。

 you are。 Don't do that， right， Okay， so if we just keep hammering away up flirting， it gets cheesy。

 but most men don't flirt at all。And you can still get laid without flirt。 right。

 So that's the last thing I teach guys。 I'll teach them first how to connect， then how to qualify。

 And then if we really get it through that， then we can move into fl。

 It took me a long time to learn how to do that。 I did a lot of improvisational study。

 I also hung around people who were flirtatious。 girls who were very good at it and also gay guys。

 Gay guys are great flirt。 So I me and me and my best wing girl。 She was deeply into the gay scene。

 I'd go and hang out。 I I listen to the drag queens like going， oh， honey and this and that。

 everything's on inendo。 And started picking picking up on tricks that way。 So yeah。

 that's something you can investigate as well。😊，But you can see now。

 from this one simple answer that she's given me， I have so many options of what I can do。

Isn't that fucking great。 In't awesome to start to to be able to think of conversation in those terms。

 It makes it more interesting。 It means means you just don't bore yourself and her shits by just going down that tunnel or just randomly stabbing out in the dark with new questions。

😊，Right， so that's the， that's the piece I want to give you guys today to take away and start playing。

Question， answer， contribute。 Give something。And I'm not saying you have to do that every single time in that order。

 Of course， sometimes I need to ask a few extra questions。 right， she。

 she just given me a one word answer or something very basic。

It's fine for me to then ask more questions as long as it's just to orientate me。 If I need。

 like if I say to her， what do you do to keep fit， she says dancer。 Okay。

 it is relevant maybe to ask what type of dance。Because being a salsa dancer or a stripper is different。

Right， so in that case。I may just ask to clarify。 And then she says， I'm actually a ballroom dancer。

 And then， okay， cool。 that's gonna lead me in from there。

 I don't need to now find out what school of ballroom and how long she's been doing it and you know。

 where did at what age did she first start， All that sort of stuff。 That's superfluous details。 Now。

 I move into contributing something or digging deeper into her personal space。喂，在。To wrap it up。

 just let me give you a quick demo of， let's say， a two minute2 minute interaction。

 which is something that I've done many times and then had a。You know， go to go out of it。

There will be plenty of times when you only have a couple of minutes because she's in a rush。

 She's about to jump on the bus， or whatever。So this is a realistic thing that you could do。

 So firstly， let's just run through it with all the mistakes。 just me get character over here。Hey。

 I just saw you from over there。 thought you look really cute and just wanted to come say hi。

 hey hi Mr。 Yeah， so what are you doing today， Actually no plans I don't have any plans either。

 but yeah， it's good。 We'll figure them out later。 Yeah。

 and what are you doing What you doing with your life lately， I'm a nurse。 Well， okay， yeah，😊。

do you have a 60 nurse out here， I guess no。No， anyway， but and where do you nurse。

 Where's your nursing in a hospital the local local hospital， the one for children。

 Yeah we have a lot of hospital。 but one of them。 Yeah， that one's pretty good， too。

 And so if I ever need a help with my medical issue， then I'll come straight to you right cool Yeah。

 cool anyway， So I'm got to go， but do you want to get a coffee sometime。I get your number。 maybe。

 you can add me on Facebook and we Facebooks better。 Okay， That's better。 cool。 Yeah。

 with stalk each other。 Yeah， I'll stalk you。 you stalk me and then。Anyway， so hang on。

 just let me get my phone on。 It's recording。Don't worry about that don't worry about that So can you just type your name in there Yeah。

 actually I'm gonna be the firstododor what's the last name it up I'm telling'ba okay cool All right yeah lovely Mi So you know I'll call you some time。

😊，Alright， so by now， you guys can see all of the issues。I hope why that was wrong。

 I know it's exaggerated。 But you've done something like that， haven't you， I know I have。

 I've bumbd and fumbled through that kind of thing many times before。 So now。

 if we just put into place the simple aspects that I've taught you about。

 nothing fancy at all can work something like this。

 You're looking over there because you don't know me yet。好哎。You look bangan in this dress。

 It is amazing。 Thank you。 You look like you're in what's that Cleopatra's palace And she's jealous of you。

 Oh， thank you。 I'm James。 I'm Teodora。 Nice to meet you。 Nice to meet you。 I mean。

 it's actually awesome to meet you。😊，And what's the plan today？No plan。 We will see。Is that an offer。

It was not。 but okay， I'm jumping ahead of myself。 I guess。 Yeah， I'm just chilling out， too。

 I just arrived in town。 I'm checking out this city。 It's gorgeous。 I've done the touristy things。

 And now I'm much more interested in finding somewhere local to find out what Hungarian cultures really like。

😊，That's cool。 I'm hinting at you， by the way， just in case you didn't know Okay。

 and what do you do when you're not。Joilling out。I work Good。 So you're not a kept woman。No。

 I am not。 I am not at all。 not a woman。 No no， no。 All right， Like youre saying like I were。Yes。

 up to myself， Excel。 And what is that， What kind of I work as a nurse， How wow。

That must be quite challenging。 It is， it is， you know， nice shifts and everything。 So right。

 but not just， I mean， that must be hard staying through the night。

 But I guess you have to deal with a lot of people's。 I guess the difficulties。

 You must be a pretty strong person。Yeah， I hope so。 I'm trying to be。 All right。

 Well that's impressive。 Maybe I can learn something from you。Te you what。

 I was just gonna go and get a juice and meet an old friend。 But maybe we could meet up later。

 You seem like a really interesting and proud person。 And you're sexy。 So can I get your number？

 Yeah， why not？ All right。That's recording， don't worry about that。All right。系。Okay。

Nothing fancy but way， way better， right？ I hope you guys can see now the differences。 And this is。

 this has taken me， some years to get this down， comes down to awareness chilling out。

 but mainly from reading the general reading the vibes that I'm getting off the girl and being clear about what it is that I'm trying to do。

 The fourth thing Did anyone remember that there was four things。It's called an open loop。

 keeps you in suspense。 And I almost forgot what to say。

 The fourth thing that you need to do in a conversation。

In order for it to generally work is that there needs to be a continuity of narrative。

 You need to pull the trigger。 right， So we let her know why we're there。 I let her know。

 I find out something about her。 So I found out just not just about her job。

 but how she is her character as an independent lady who has to deal with a difficult situation。

And then I contributed a little bit about myself， why I'm here， what I'm doing。

 and some element of my of my personality。And then finally， I need to lead this to a continue。

 to continue。those are the four simple things that need to happen in in an interaction consistently in order for it to work。

So， there， you have it， your foundations of good conversation and also plenty of things to work on and what not to do。

 And I'd like you to all give a round of applause to the amazing tiodora。😊，👏And。👏Thank you very much。

 That's it。👏Once again。👏Thank you。