# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：07.结束【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼In this next module we are looking at closing， otherwise known as pulling the trigger， decisiveness。

 getting shit done， making a move， escalation。So what I'm referring to here is at some point in your initial interaction and also in your later interactions。

 if you're out on a date with a girl or you've been hanging out at the bar and chatting for some time。

 you move to another bar， right， So there's various scenarios where this will happen。

 you will meet youll reach choice points， places where you either make a decisive。

 clear offer or request to a girl。And she will either accept your invitation and go with you。

 and this will lead you to escalating the physical or romantic relationship， or you choose inaction。

And that will lead to nothing。and weirdly enough， you would think with those two choices that it would be obvious and that every man would always choose action。

 pulling the trigger， closing。But the reality is that most men don't most of the time。

 Most of the time when a man meets a woman and most men don't meet women by cold approaching them on the street。

 they meet them through social circle or at a party or some event or university or some warm environment where they're kind of introduced or they have a common reason to be there。

 But even so， even with that advantage of meeting someone in a warm environment。

Most men do not pull the trigger。 even when the girl is making it abundantly clear that she's interested。

 they wait and wait for what exactly。 Usually theyre。

 they're really waiting for explicit verbal confirmation that the girl is interested。

 And this very rarely happens。 It's not the job of the woman to say， hey， buddy。

 can you take my phone number。Very occasionally， a girl may say something like that to you and okay that's。

That's a lucky break。 She must really interested in you。 But for the most part。

 even if a girl is totally into a guy， she's waiting for him to make a move。

It's just the way things are， whether it's fair or it should be that way。 It doesn't really matter。

 The reality that you live in is that men must take most of， if not all， the escalation decisions。

It is your job as the man to go and approach the goal to get a good conversation started。

 to ask her for her number or to invite her to go somewhere right now。

 It is your job to then follow that up and arrange a way for you guys to meet。

 It's your job to lead her through that interaction。

 which doesn't mean you need to make all decisions for her or you need to do all of the conversation doesn't mean you do 100% of everything。

 but it means that when you come to the choice points of okay。

 we can either sit here and do nothing and then it's probably going to end or fizzle out or become stagnant。

Or somebody needs to move this to the next level。 And that is always your job。Right。

 in my entire life， I think I've been kissed first by。2 women in my entire life。

 I kissed a lot of women and only two of them made the move first in terms of women who've come up to me and approached me。

 I've had that happen twice as well。 in terms of women who've asked me to ask me out， Yeah。

 like a small percentage handful of times of girls I've been chatting to at a bar， for example。

 Maybe if they're a bit tips to you， they might say， hey， maybe we should hang out sometime。

 But it's very rare。 And if you're relying on women taking the initiative。

 then you will miss countless opportunities。 Probably something like 99 or more percent of the opportunities that you have in life。

 you'll miss。 So this is really important。People often ask me， okay， what's the one thing， the one。

 if I had one piece of advice to give a guy。On dating and seduction， what would it be。

What's the one thing that makes the biggest difference？And in truth。

 the one thing that makes the biggest difference is that men who go in and introduce themselves to strangers and then ask them out on a date gets success。

RightIt really boils down to it being more or less as simple as that。

 because if you don't go and approach strangers， you're only going to meet women randomly through chance。

 which cuts cuts out 99% of the women that you can possibly meet。Boils it down to a handful dozen。

Some dozens over your entire life of women that you could possibly date through a social circle。

 for example。And。The men that try to escalate ask a woman out。

 They're chatting to a girl in some context。And then the conversation is nearing an end。

 and instead of letting it end and hoping they'll see the girl again or trying to。

Send a message through a friend of a friend or create some elaborate scheme to try and see the girl again or use some excuse about why they should hang out to study together or something。

Which is all ineffective， all useless。 And everyone's been guilty of it。 My included。 I used to。

You know， if I got in contact with a girl， I would then try it because I would only ever meet them through social circle。

 I would then try to。I remember once organizing a dinner party at my house where I。

 I knew a friend of the girl that I was interested in。 And I told her how and dinner party。

 And can you invite a couple people。 And like， you know I listed three names。 I was like。

 I invite Sarah and John and， Melinda， for example， the girl I liked。 Yeah， and like then。

Three other people came， but she didn't come to the dinner party。

 Like I put all this effort into constructing this thing。

 hoping that this girl would come instead of just saying to the girl， when I met her， hey。

 you're awesome，'s can I get your number and let's hang out sometime？

Right so you will waste a whole lot of time trying to do it any other way than just clearly and directly going for it。

 So that that is the difference that makes the difference at the end of the day。

 guys who approach strangers and try to ask them out are guys that get good at seduction。

 They are the guys that eventually， sooner or later。

 depending on their skill level or their experience。Get to choose their girlfriends。 They。

 they get to be the small group of men。Who walk around in the world and go。

 I like the look of that girl。 I'm going go and start a conversation with her。

 and then I'm going turn her into my girlfriend。😊，Not that you will do that every time。 Of course。

 But if if that's your operating procedure， it means that one of the times eventually。

 sooneron or later， the girl is gonna say yes。 And it means the girl you end up with is。

 is an excellent， ideal woman for you， not just。The woman that you have to settle for because she came into your social orbit。

Right， so I cannot emphasize enough the importance of trigger pullinging of closing of being able to go。

 Allright， I want this。 I want to see her again。I want to make this happen。

 I wanted to come up to my bedroom。Right，Because closing is not just about getting the number。 It's。

 it is， as I said before， all those escalation points that you are responsible for。

 and you need to be ready for them。RightAnd that's one of the beauties of going out and practicing seduction。

 meeting a lot of women in a fairly short amount of time。

 If you go and approach a woman a day over a few months， you've met 100 girls。

When was the last time you met 100 beautiful women that you were interested in。

 possibly probably never。 So over three months， you could meet 100 cool girls。 Yeah， of course。

 many of them will blow you off and some some of them will talk politely to you and give you a flaky number and all of that stuff that's just part of this。

 But you will get on dates。 And you will find yourself in certain positions where okay， it's。

It's midway through the day。 I've been talking to her for an hour。

 I've gotten a little bit close to her。 She's kind of looking at me， like， put her head down。

 looking up， do I look cute when I do that， Probably not， But she does。 And you're thinking， oh。

 does she want me to kiss her。Yeah， she does probably， right。 But again。

 many men miss these opportunities， The escalation points where the girl is receptive。

 She's at least open enough that if I made a move， she would receive it。

And they don't because they're looking for explicit permission。

 They're looking for a verbal confirmation that she wants to kiss him。That's why often men。

 before they kiss a girl mention the kiss in some way or another。 just as a little aside。

 That's something very important never to do。 And I've talked to many women about this。

 I've asked them this question because I interviewed dozens of women early on in my seduction career。

 I went around traveling the world。 I went to 10 countries， and I。

Took a bunch of girls from every country， and I interviewed them。 Quite interesting footage。

 And one of the things I asked them was， okay， so the first kiss is it important。 Oh， yes。

 very important。 Every girl said yes。Okay， from China to。England， like everywhere， they said yes。

Okay， so if you like a guy you're on a date with him and he wants to kiss you。

 is it better if he A mentions it in some kind of cool way， like some casual， I don't know。

 like cheeky， playful way， like you know， I want to kiss you soon in some way or is it better if he just slows down what he's saying and looks you in the eyes and then leans in and gently kisses you。

Every woman said。He just leans in and kisses me。 There wasn't。

 It wasn't one of those things where some women like it this way。 Some women like it that way。

 Every girl doesn't want you to go， oh， by the way， there's a kiss coming。Right。

 because the thing with trigger pulling， the thing with closing and escalating。

When it comes to a woman。Is that this is one of those very clear points where there's a sharp focus in on your confidence。

Your leadership abilities， your masculinity。Right， you ask a woman what she likes in a man。

 What are some of the traits that are important to her。 Almost always。

 She will mention something like confident， knows what he wants， goes for what he wants。 Those are。

 those are also questions I ask the girls。 And that was very consistent across the board。 Yeah。

 some girls like funny guys， some guys like more intense guys。 some guys like introverted。

 Some like extroverted。 But everyone， all the girls like guys who know what they want and go for it。

 There's never a woman who says， yeah， like a guy's kind of wishy washy and doesn't really know what he wants。

 And， you know， if he wants something from me or he wants to kiss me or something， he， you know。

 he's tentative and he waits。Checks with me and really tests everything before he makes a move。

 it's not attractive。Right， so if you are verbalizing。A move instead of doing the move。

 Then you're not doing it right。 right， So it's the same sort of thing that I had a friend who was telling me some time ago。

He was chatting to a girl who worked at a restaurant that he goes to regularly。

 So he's chatted to her a number of times。And he says， you know， what you。

 are you doing on the weekend。 And she said， I'm actually heading away。And he said。

 that's a pity because yeah， I mean， I was thinking he asking you out， But I guess you know。

 you probably prefer to be you know， off on your trip。What option does she have then， And she。

 of course， she just said， yeah， you know， yeah， I guess I'll head off on my trip。 That's him。

Saying not， not asking her for the number， but like saying， oh， you know。

 I was thinking of doing this and to check。What's a response like before he's had to step out and take the risk。

Right because the insinuation there is that the hope is that she's going to say， oh no， yeah。

 like if you were to ask me out， I'd be totally down with that。 He's trying to give her the job。

 That is his job。 He's trying to put the mask and roll into her world and say， okay。

 can you do this for me because I'm too scared to do it。Right so you don't do that with a girl。

 You don't close by in any way saying， you know， I guess， you know。

 you probably don't want this or or I don't know if this is you know， this is appropriate or， I mean。

 I was thinking maybe we could。 But I mean， we didn't have to like it's totally up to you。

 Any of that kind of wishy washy stuff is not attractive。 And there are unfortunately。

 lots of romantic comedies where the man plays that bumbling loser role and somehow gets the hot girl。

 It's a very misleading stereotype， which is put in Hollywood movies。 I don't know why。

 but it's not true。 a woman wants a man not to order her not to be pushy or belligerent。

 And that's the other side of scene things where。M have heard， It need to be Al。 I need to， you know。

 lead。 and I need to not take no for an answer。 I need to go for what I want。

 So they do things like they're chatting to a girl and they say， put your number in。

And they just stuff the phone in their face。 Or they say， you and I are gonna hang out。

 Give me a number。There， like， there will be contexts where that will work。And I mean。

 it's better to do that than it is to do the bumbling apologetic loser thing。

But that does need to be calibrated， right， because that can come across obviously as quite arrogant or pushing。

 aggressive even。I could do that in， in a way。 You know what， you and I need to hang out。

I'm going to have to take a number here， put your phone on。Right， so it's the same thing。 Like I'm。

 I'm not really asking。 I'm kind of commanding her。

 but I'm doing it in a way with my body language that's more cheeky。Yeah， it's a big cocky， but。

If she goes， oh， I dont know about that and its， okay， what is that's too soon。And she's like， yeah。

 I know， well I'll tell you what。You can put your number and I'll send you a text or two。

 If you don't feel like answering， that's call no harmm done。

 But it'd be a pity to miss this opportunity。 right， So then I pull back the pressure a little bit。

 and then I apply it in a little bit more of a friendly way。 Okay， that's fine。But generally。

 when it comes down to closing， here are the main things that you need to keep in mind。

 Number one is context。 And right now， I'm specifically talking about the end of a first interaction on the street。

 in a bar or in a social situation。Where you want to get the girl's phone number or Facebook or whatever technology exists in the future when you're watching this in the year 2025。

 and they're like Facebook， that doesn't exist anymore。Okay。

 so you want to go from stranger having conversation。

 working out a way for us to see each other again。So the first thing you keep in mind is a context。

Now， if I have a conversation with a girl。It's chatting。 We， we're kind of polite。 It's friendly。

 I haven't been really flirting。 I haven't made it too clear。 I'm interested in her。

 And I've just asked her a bunch of normalish questions about what she does and what's going on for the weekend。

 What her hobbies are or something。 And then at the end of that， out the blue， I say， oh， well， look。

 let's， let's hang out。 I should get your number。This will work often。 Okay， so it's。

 it's always better to try and close than to not。 even if it's not done perfectly。

 even if it's a bit bland or boring， it's still better to do it， right， so。

Your rule is if you lasted more than a minute in the conversation and she's not married or hasn't told you she has a proper boyfriend。

Then I want you to ask for her number。Every time that there's。

 she's been standing there for a couple of minutes or more。

Even if you feel like this is not going to work， she。

 I can tell she's not interested in because you can't actually。 sure。

 you may well be right much of the time where you feel like now there's no rapport here。

 I don't think she likes me。But it can be just as true that the girl is more or less interested。

 or she's just neutral， positively， you know， on the positive， just positive side of neutral。

And she's just like， okay， this guy's chatting， bla， blah， blah。 And then suddenly you say， hey。

 listen。You seem interesting， I'm curious to find out more you sexy girl。

I'd like to get your number and let's go for coffee。 Yeah， maybe even later today。

She could be on that fence of just like， Na iss fine too。 whoa， okay， that was audacious。

 He's interested in me。 And he just set it in a。Cool and confident way。Fuck it， why not。

The fuck why not has been the start of many of my relationships。

Many of the girls that I have slept with or had a relationship with and many of my students because I listen to literally thousands of first interactions with my students in my live courses。

😊，It's very clear to tell the girl is just like， yeah， she's on the fence。

 she's not super over the moon about it。 She doesn't hate him， but she's， she's just not sold。

 And just that one action of the man taking a bold step， pulling a trigger。

 showing her that he's decisive， that he wants her and that he's willing to take a risk on her。

Can just tip her into the fuck it。 Why not。 And that's enough。 We can get laid on fuck it。 Why not。

 We can start a relationship on that。 It's totally cool。

 We don't have to be 100% perfect in asset suction。 We need to be better than most guys。

 and we need to go for what we want。Right。That's the thing that can tip it over。However。

 to make our chances much better。We need to think about what's the experience like for her。

 And this is always， with all of the things that I teach， important to keep in mind。

 what is it like for the woman to experience being approached by you。

 to experience all of these elements of conversation and escalation。

Because if you don't think about that， then you are very unaware and you're doing all this stuff that is actually irritating or awkward or scary or boringing to the girl。

 And you need to be aware。 Okay， I have an effect on a woman。 What what effect is that。

 How can I make that effect positive。So you think about it。If you've just said bland， blah， blah。

 normal conversation now the blue said， oh， well， anyway， can I get your number。

What it says to her is this guy's not really interested in me。

 He's just asked a bunch of random shit。And he's just asking for my number because I'm a girl， right。

 Because yeah， I guess he wants to fuck me But so what。

 Any girl that's fairly attractive is aware that most men given half a chance would fuck her， right。

 But it's not particularly validating。 She knows that he he doesn't He doesn't know her as a person。

 He's not curious about a personality。 He probably doesn't have much choice。

 So he's just going for whatever he can get。 And yeah， okay， he would have sex with me。 big deal。

So it's not that an appealing prospect for her。So what I would usually do is at the end of a conversation。

 I would give a context for why I call this a contextual close， why I want to see her again。

 What is it about her。That I'm curious about。And it can be really simple。 It can simply be this。

So listen， you've got a really fun open vibe。I'd love to hang out with you， again。

So let's exchange numbers。Okay， so in this case， this example， the context is you have a fun vibe。

And she can't argue with that。 She can't say， oh， no you， how do you know that， But that's not true。

 That's my impression of her。Yeah， and I could say in all sorts of things。

 And I will definitely try to make this specific to the girl。 Sometimes， yeah， okay， if I。

 I've only spent a couple of minutes and she has to get on a train or something。

 then I might say that that line， hey， look， you seem really interesting or you've got a cool vibe or you know。

 there's something about you that I don't know what it is。 But I'd like to find out more。

 So those are kind of generic ones that I might use。

Especially if I don't know much about her because of time and constraint。 But ideally。

 I want to find out during the conversation， what's cool about her， What is she interested in， why。

 what do I like about her， And I notice the way she is。

 the way she's really animated when she talks or how she giggles cutely when she's nervous or how she's very clear about the thing that she likes in life and why So like there's all this stuff I'm noticing about a girl as I'm talking to it。

 So that when I get to the end， and I say， listen。You're a really striking， proud individual。

 I like how like straightforward you are。 I want to take you out。So give me a number。

Right so then again， there's the context。 You're straightforward。

 I like the way you are this and that。 This is the thing that I like about you。

 Can I say something about her physically as well， for sure， I don't want to lay it on too thick。

 I'm not gonna say， you know， when I first saw you， I just had an amazing feeling about you。

 And as I've been chatting to you for these last few minutes， it feels like， I don't know。

 years and moments all at once。 And some bullshit flowery poetry like that。 I could go on and on。

 but that's cheesy So I don't need to layer it， but I can just say， hey， listen。

 you're really I don't know， there's something quirky and cool about you。

 And you you're adorable You my type。😊，Why don't we hang out， Let's go grab a drink tonight。Okay。

 so it's casual。 It's no big deal， but I'm noticing。

 here's something about your character and here's something about your looks that I like。

 That's why I want to see you again， because I'm curious。 Yeah， I find you attractive as a woman。

 and I find you interesting as a person。 So that's a good reason for me to want to see you again。😊。

And that's a good reason from her side， for her to allow you to。

Invite her somewhere because then she feels like， okay， cool。 Yeah， he wants to fuck me。

I'm not hiding that。 He likes me as a woman， or as a female。But he noticed something about me。 Yeah。

 he's curious in me as a person。And that's， yeah， cool。 I'm， I'm validated by that。 right， That's。

 that's a good reason for a girl to then go out on a date with a guy。Okay。

 so that's the first thing to keep in mind。With your closing。Is wherever possible， give it a context。

 Now， if you find yourself in kind of lost in the moment and you just blurret out。

 Can I have your number， it's fine， Okay， it's better to try and pull a trigger than imperfectly than it is to perfectly not do it。

 right， than to perfectly say goodbye and let her walk out of your life forever。 Don't do that。

 Ba close。 totallyally fine。 But， of course。The more you practice。

 the more you get calmer in that situation。The better you'll be able to apply this。

 And it's really important that you get lots of practice at asking for the number because you don't want to have a great conversation and then get to the end and get all fuumbly and weird and you go。

 oh， I was thinking maybe， I don't know if you have Facebook or something and like fumble and drop the ball at the last minute because you're not prepared for it。

 Exp that you're going get into interactions。 You're going talk to strangers。 You're gonna。

Get somewhere enough after a couple of minutes， it's going fine。

 Your mission is you want to see her again。 You're gonna ask her out on a date。

 The second thing is to make it a specific offer。Now， on the one hand。

 I could have my conversation and then say， hey， look， you're really cool and interesting。

 It' be great to hang out sometime。😊，How about we swap numbers？Okay， sure。 again， that's fine， right。

 And you will get dates that way。 For sure， Girl will give you their numbers。

 and they will probably see you again。 So that's fine if you do it that way。 But what is better。😊。

Is to make a specific plan right then and there to look at， okay， I want to see this girl。

 When do I want to see you。When do you want to see it， The answer is always right now。

 To or tomorrow， right， You need to move fast when it comes。

 especially with a girl that doesn't know you at all， not part of your social circle。

 Go you met on the street， club， bar， whatever。She there's a very limited time for her to think about you。

You had a 10 minute interaction with her on the street。Within a few days。

 she barely remembers your face。She barely remembers how she felt when she was around you。

 And if your name pops up on her phone five days later， she's like， who's that。Oh yeah。

 some dude who talk to me。 I don't know him。And then shell like。Very common mistake。

 getting a girl's contacts， waiting three days， waiting till the weekend。

 then contacting her then trying to organize over a few days。

 trying to organizeise a date for another few days。

 and it's 10 days before you're trying to even get on a date。You you're old news by them， buddy。

 if she's hot and young and socially out there having fun with her life， she's meeting a lot of men。

 and she's met lots in the last 10 days。 You have slipped many rungs down the ladder。 right， so my。😊。

My game plan is always。 I meet a girl。 I want to see her as soon as I can preferably right now。

 And that's the thing you can do。 You can just be chatting to go and say， hey， listen， you're。

 so you're a tourist user in town walking around or you just finish work。

 You find out what's going on for。 Okay， well， yeah， I'm I was just chilling out waiting for friends。

 why don't we just take a walk or go and sit down and have a coffee or I know a bar around here。

 you want to go and get a drink before you do this or I do that。 That's a really cool thing to do。

 That's the sort of thing that doesn't happen much in a woman's life。😊，Over the course of her life。

 how many times will she meet a polite， yet bold stranger？Who meets her chat her up and then says。

 hey， let's do something now。 It's very spontaneous。 It's very romantic。

 It fits in with her ideals of what a sexy， powerful man would do and fits into her romantic ideals。

😊，Right， so practice that。 We call that an instant date where you just meet a girl in a situation。

 and then you say， let's go and do something together right now。 Why not。Yeah。

 and some girls will say no because they're cautious and other girls will be just like， fuck it。

 yeah， let's do that。But if it's not now， it's tonight。 And if it's not tonight， it's tomorrow。

 Of course， people are busy。 she may say oh， look， I'm totally screwed this week。

 I've got exams or whatever I couldn't do anything until whenever。 Okay。

 that's the reality sometimes。Then we say fine。 All right。 So what like Saturday。

 you'll have some time。 She's like， yeah， I think so。 Okay， well， I'll give you buzz Thursday。

 Friday and we'll figure it out。Right， so I don't， I don't want to be pushy， right。

 So if I go to a school and I say， because ideally， I want to say， look， you're really interesting。

 I like this about you。 Actually， Are you free tonight。 I'd love to take you out for a drink。😊。

And she says， I know， I absolutely can't tonight。 I've got this and this。I so， okay。

 what about what's tomorrow Like， she's like， now， this week's totally crazy。 I've got to go。

 I've got to go to this city tomorrow。 I'm doing some work for the bar。

 So I won't even be back here until the weekend。Now， a pushy guy at this point will say， okay。

 well how Saturday。 and she's like， yeah， I don't know， probably say。

 well come on let let's decide Saturday，7 o'clock。 She's like yeah maybe like well。

 is it yes or no because I'll take your number and we'll meet at 7 o'clock。

 I know this street and this street this is too much。 this is me trying to be arrogant or pushy。

 She's not she sees that I'm not hearing the word no。

 I'm not registering her discomfort And so she doesn't like me and she's gonna flake So I'm not suggesting you push it like that。

 But I'm saying that you make go to make a plan。 how about tonight， she's I can't well。

 what about tomorrow that some time then she's like look the rest of the week's crazy。

 I don't have time for the weekend。Okay， well， too what， maybe Saturday or Sunday。

 we could grab an early drink。she's like， yeah， maybe， okay， cool。 we'll tell you what。

 I'll get your number。 I'll give you a text into the week and we'll see how you're doing。Okay。

 so that's， that's， I've done the best I can。 I've tried to get it a date soon for logistical reasons。

 I can't see her until sometime later。 So then I still make it known that roughly this is our plan。

 I don't need to plan the date， the time， the place。 It's just like， okay， we'll meet roughly。 then。

 Then I take a number。 Okay， I haven't been pushy。 I've been gently persistent。 but not too much。

And so cool， she can relax， give me the number， and then I hit her up later in the week。Alright。

 so this is the way you need to do things。 Mo on。Your numbers fast。

And give the girl a clear thing that you're gonna do because single girl， let's hang out sometime。

 It doesn't sound that exciting， Does it， I mean， if you say to your bud。

 hey you want to go hang out， that means you guys don't have anything to do。 You just like， you got。

 can you think of anything。 not me。 Allright， Well， let's just do something and you meet up and you。

If I can sit on a couch and watch something， right， It's not the exciting event of the week。

So when you' seen a girl， you know， let's hang out or let's meet up sometime。 Yeah。

 It's pretty bland。Better to say， I want to take you out。 I want to take you on an adventure。 Yeah。

 I want to go and get a cocktail with you and eat some sushi。Yeah， or。

 or if I want to do a more interesting date， I've talked to a bit about。Her personality。

 And we found out that she's interested in this。Museum exhibition that's in town or a type of music or a type of food。

 or she， she's a coffee snob and something about a personality。 And you're into it or you。

 or you're curious about it。 And you say， all right， well， listen， I'm you in town。

 you know the best coffee， right， She's like， yeah， it's this place。 All right， Well， one one。

 you take me there。 I'll buy it， but you take me that。And she's like， yeah， okay， cool。 Allright。

 well， let's do that tomorrow afternoon。 Yeah， she's like， yeah， allright， okay， well。

 I'll meet you here and， and then I'll go have have a coffee and have a walk。😊，It's not complicated。

 but it is specific。 And there's a reason why she's into this。 I'm curious about this。

 We're both into this。 We'll go and do it。Yeah， or it's that I want like the。

 the clear thing of like， I want to take you out。 I want to go and get a drink with you night。 Yeah。

 I want to meet up with you。 Let's go for a walk along the river。

It doesn't have to be an extravagant date， but she can see， allright。

 if she's projecting into the future， what does this feel like， Well。

 he's a man who knows what he wants。 He wants to do this thing with me。 He wants to take me out。

To get a cocktail and get to know me S。 But yeah， I can imagine myself doing that。

 That sounds kind of fun。 Sounds kind of low pressure。😊，It's not。 I don't have to go and sit。

Across him for a three course meal， which I don't recommend。

 if you look at the the dating section of this product， we talk about what types of dates。

Don't make it extravagant。 Don't try and impress the girl with a crazy date where you go skydiving and then。

 you know， eat lobster and fucking can go and see a Broadway show。

 Don't do all of that because it clearly says to her， I don't feel like I'm good enough。

 I'm trying to buy your attention or impress you。 So it's simple。 I'm taking you for a walk。

 getting a drink。 We're having a bike to eat。 we're going for a bike ride。 We're having a picnic。

 We're walking along the beach。Simple stuff。 There's a little exhibition that's on nearby。

 There's a bookshop。 I want to go check out all this simple but fine and casual stuff we can do together。

And I'm making it specific and clear what it is I want to do。

 Then when the girl's receiving the offer， she's like， okay， bold。

 confidentfi wants to take me to do this thing。 That sounds at least not boring。 It sounds like。

 yeah， that'll be fun。Okay， fuck it， Why not？ And that's where you want to be。

 The next very important thing to understand about closing is that。Fairly often。

 the girl will reject your initial offer or she'll put up some kind of what we call objection。

And so we need to understand how to handle objections。

It's very common that you try to sell somebody something。

 You try to get them to do something for you。 You ask them out on a day that they're not 100% sold instantly。

 and they may have some worries or fears or some level where they don't want to get involved。

This doesn't always mean that they won't do it。 It doesn't always mean that if you ask a girl and she says。

 look， I'm really busy at the moment。 I don't think I can。

That doesn't necessarily mean that that's the end of the story。Now if you ask a girl out and say。

 hey， blah， bh， blah， I want to hang out with you can have can have your number and she says no。

 no I don't want to， then you're pretty much screwed right So if she's very bluntly clear like definitely not probably it's not going to work after that and this will happen of course girls will just say look now I've got a boyfriend or no I'm not interested thanks and that's it。

However。Often， just let it go。 When that happens， you just go， all right， Well。

 I'll just move on to the next girl。 If a girl totally is not into you。

 it's not that much point in trying to be really persistent。 and it just gets demoralizing。However。

If you ask for girl's number and she says， look， shouldn't because。You know。

 you're a stranger or I don't know。 I'm， I'm really， I'm really busy at the moment。

 Or I just broke up with my boyfriend。 and I'm not really。

 not really looking to date anyone right now。 or I don't know you。 You're。

 you're a stranger or I don't talk to people in the street or any of these kinds of things where they're giving you。

A reason。 and you can see that they're just like， I probably shouldn't。

Probably shouldn't can be turned into but you could and could be fun to try it and fuck it。 Why not。

How do we do that？The first thing we cannot do is argue with the objection。 This doesn't work。 right。

 So girls says I look I can't because I'm， I'm really busy at the moment。 And you say。

 what do you mean， how busy are you like。I mean， moment you get up in the morning until the moment you go bed at night every minute the day is filled and you don't have even 20 minutes in a day to come out and have a coffee with me。

I argue with her like that。Or I say， come on look， if you really are interested in someone。

 you'll find some time like， you know， let's need some time management。This will not work。

 The moment you start arguing with a person's objection， they just shut down。

 They just double down on the objection， and then they'll leave。The other thing we can't do is plead。

Any where it's I， I've heard this quite a lot in interactions where I'm listening to a guy on the microphone and it's cringeworthy。

 When a guy asks for number and she's like， sorry， I'm busy and he goes， come on。Yeah， come on。

 give me a chance。 please come in， No just give you number。 Look， what do I have to do here。 Yeah。

 come on， give a guy a break， give a guy a break。 I don't know way It happens like this in New York。

 but it does。Yeah， don't do that。That's not attractive。

 No girl wants to be with a man who had to beg her。Pleaed with her to give the number。 It's because。

 of course， that just says， I think you're so far above me。

 I think you're a princess and who am I I am just a guy， but please do me a favor。 Pity fuck me。

Not going to happen。 And if it does happen， which maybe it has happened in the history of the world。

 do you want to be the kind of guy？That women occasionally， very occasionally pitity fuck。

 or do you want to be the kind of guy that goes for what he wants and walks in and walks out with dignity。

So that doesn't work。 So what does work。What often works is using this simple formula。

 acknowledge and sidestep。Right， so you need to acknowledge the objection。 A girl says。

 I don't talk to strangers。 and I say， that's stupid。 Come on。 Just give me a number。

I haven't heard her objection。I don't give my number to strangers。 What does that mean。

 That's the thing again， Get inside the woman's shoes。 Well。

 it means that why does a woman not give her number to strangers。

 Why does she date the guy that's a douch bag， but she knows。

 knows him vaguely because of his social circle whereas she meets a guy who is well dressed。

 seems polite。 He's confident on the street， but she doesn't。

 She doesn't give the number because he's a stranger。 That's because。The at least the deuch bagag。

 she knows what she's in for。 She knows that he's not gonna kill her。 she knows that， all right。

 he dated the friend of a friend。 And I guess he's all right。 He's kind， I guess he's cool enough。

 You know， I I， I see where he fits in the social scheme of things。

 The random man on the street is a totally unknown quantity。So therefore。

 when she says I don't give my number to strangers。

 what she's really saying is it's dangerous for me to give my number to someone I have no understanding of because he may stalk me。

 He may call me 35 times in a night， So I have to change my phone number。

 I've had that happen before。 I'm scared。 I don't know anything about this man。

 So therefore it's even though he might be the man of my dreams。

It's simpler and safer to just blowing off。That's really what she's saying。 Most men。

 I think they think that when a girl says， I'm too busy or give an excuse that she's thinking I'm too good for you。

Sometimes she might be thinking that， but for the most part， it's just like。

 don't know this guy it's a bit dangerous or weird， so I think I'll just skip it。

So with that knowledge in mind， we can then acknowledge her objection。 She says。

 I'll look unit and give my number out on the street。And I say something like。Yeah。

 I can understand that there's a lot of crazy weirdids out there。 However。

 I'm not the kind of guy to text a girl 10 times。 It's just not my style。 Give me a number。

 I'll text you once or twice。 And then if you're not interested， that's fine， I'll move on。

So how about it？Alright， so that's one way。So what I've done there is I've， I've shown it。

 I know why you do this。 and I'm not that kind of person。

 I don't need to spend 10 minutes trying to convince her I'm not。 But I'm just like， look。

 I'm not the kind of guy who's gonna bother a girl who's not interested。 It's just I'm too proud。

And then I say I've acknowledged it。 and then I've sidestepped the objection。

 and I've come and resolved it， given her a little solution and then politely asked again。

So that's an example of it。Or let's think。 a girl says， look， I'm， I'm really busy at the moment。

I can see that You， you look a little bit stressed out。

 I'm not gonna take you out to like a fancy dinner or something。

 Maybe we can just grab a coffee before your class one day this week。I see it。 I get it。

 you're stressed， you're busy。 I know， people are busy。 Life is busy。

But maybe we can do something simple in。Let's meet after your class。 Let's meet before work。 Well。

 in that case， we'll just keep it nice and simple。Or if there's something that's so crazy in her life that she has to wait a week。

 Okay， that's cool。 Wait， wait till you finish your project。 What next Monday。

 I'll give you a buzz after that。 You'll need to celebrate it then， right。😊，Okay， so again。

 I'm acknowledging the objection。 I get it。 I respect it， but I can solve it。

 I can create a little solution for us where both of us win。 so this is very。

 very common thing that will happen。 Girl will give you a soft no。The hard note， not not interested。

 buddy。 Okay， for me， I couldn't be bothered trying to。Convince someone who's already decided。

The opposite。 It's not worth the time for me。 But a girl who's just a little bit scared or a little bit suspicious or doesn't really is not used to this。

 for example， Yeah， then that's the point where you want to use your acknowledged sidestep because very often that I shouldn't can turn into it。

 Oh， maybe I could。And with the power of the acknowledged sidestep principle。

 you'll get there more often。