# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：08.结束–家庭作业任务【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼。🎼Your practical closing drill for this week and for the rest of your life is of course。

 to go out there and get into interactions。Now what I want you to do is。Go and approach a girl。

 And if you find yourself in the interaction for more than a minute or two。And the girls seems。Okay。

 with being there， she's not necessarily over the moon， but she's there， she's engaging。

 she's answering questions， maybe she asks you something。

I want you to go for a close within two minutes。RightNow I'm not saying you should be doing this all the time。

 That's not the way I would run my seductions all the time。

 Often I will have a much longer conversation with a girl。 maybe 10 minutes is a good length of time。

But it's important， as I said early on， when explaining closing。

That you get into the habit of pulling the trigger。

And that you have a lot of practice in pulling the trigger in closing。

The guys that get good at seduction are the guys that approach strangers and try to take them out。

 Remember， that's the simplest formula for。Dating success。

 So it's no good if you get to practice the opening。90% of the time。 and the closing 10% of the time。

Because then you'll get to the closing， you'll be scared。 You'll be fumbling it。

 You won't have practice。 So with this drill， you can go out， approachach 10 girls in an hour。

 really， spend a minute talking to them，2 minutes talking to them and then say， listen。

 I know I don't know each other well。 but I got a good feeling about you。

 Or you've got a really cool vibe about you。 Or I really like this one thing about you。

And you're my type。 and you're sexy。 And you look amazing。 right， So okayk。

 I can say something about her or about my feeling about her and something about the way she looks。

 so。😊，Let's meet up now， tonight or tomorrow。RightSo your drill is to simply go and open。Chat。

 whatever for a minute or two， then contextual close。

Tell us something that you're interested in about her as a woman and a personality。

 Tell her that you want to see her again and make it specific and make it very soon。Alright。

 so that's your drill for this week。 Go out and do that 5。

10 times every session that you're out in field。 And， of course。

 this is gonna to mean that your comfortableness with those moments of like， okay， here I am。

 And now I'm trying to ask out on a date。 It's gonna be clunky sometimes you'll fumble it sometimes It won't be perfectly smooth。

 doesn't matter。 It only matters that you're attempting to close。

 All of the nuance and all the details that I've explained to you。

 You get those with time and with practice。Much better to have girls。 You fumblingly ask。

 But I would number。 And she's like， oh no， no， that's fine。 You need to go through that。

 Every man needs to experience tripping on his words。

 not doing it well and having the girl think you're a weirdido。 because then you see。

 that's the worst thing that's gonna happen。 That's the thing that was holding you back was worrying that the girl's gonna think you're weird and not give you her number。

 Okay， it happens every now and then you see， that's not so bad。 And then you see。Three girls later。

 a girl says， yeah， cool。Here's my number。 And you're like， fuck， I met a stranger， and she was hot。

 and she wants to see me。Yeah， that's worth the bargain， right。

 so go out there and practice that this week。