# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：03.接近-家庭作业练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼痛痛。🎼And now your missions for approaching。Getting straight into it。

 mission one is to approach a lot of girls。For the rest of your life。Now。

 I know it sounds kind of self evident that in a product all about approaching women。

 that the first thing you're going to have to do is a homework is to go and approach women。Yet。

 it's astounding how many men never do this。 Or if they do this， they do it incredibly sporadically。

 very occasionally。 And as a result， they get almost no results。 So I cannot impress upon you enough。

How vitally important it is that you integrate approaching women into your daily life into your daily schedule。

And I talk in a great deal of detail about how how to factor this into your scheduling in one of the following videos。

 But for now， as you are moving into the homework phase of approaching。

 it needs to be at the top of your mindset that as you walk out the front door every single fucking day that you're looking for women and when you see them。

 you go and approach them。 So that's your first mission， approach women， How many couple of day。

 That's what I would say if you feel like doing more cool。

 if you want to if you think you need to do 50， you don't couple of women。

 few more if you want to if you're going out on the weekends or going out into the evening and you're in a good stay and you want to bounce around and talk to lots of girls in a nightclub。

 be my guest， but it's more important that you have consistency than intensity。

 So a couple of girls every day and you be sweet。So more specifically on that。

You can integrate into your approaching warm up routines。

And there's all sorts of ways that you can warm up。 And I'm going to give you a few simple ideas。

 but I encourage you to do your own as well。This is simply to get you into a state。

 to get you into a social state where it feels more comfortable to go and do direct approaches。

Ideally， if you， you walk down the street and you see a girl。

 you go up and you just start a conversation， you get straight into it。

 But sometimes I know it feels cold， feels difficult to bridge that gap。

 And you just something inside， you feels like， I I don't think I have the I don't know the balls or the audacity right now to run up and go through a whole big thing of letting the girl know I'm attracted to her and try to pick her up。

So in those cases， you work on warm ups， simpleimple stuff。 You're walking down the street。

 instead of looking down， you look up and you lock eyes momentarily with girls as they walk past you。

This， just this alone can severely change the the way that you perceive the world and the way that the world perceives you。

 If you're the kind of guy who's standing tall and looking people in the eyes。

 people will notice that girls will notice that okay， a guy looked at her。

 And if she's open to the advances of a guy， she's much more likely to give you signals than she is the guy that's staring at the ground。

 So that's warm up one。 walk down the streets， stand tall， look people in the eyes。 Sim。

Then we can extend from that。So you look girls in the eye。 And then as they walk past， you just say。

 hi there， hey， what's up or very any other variation on any greeting in any language that you choose。

 Just saying hi with a smile and then keep walking。This is great because it's unrejectable。

 It's not something where you need to think， what's going happen if she doesn't。 No。

 you're just giving out good vibes。 And with that drill。

 you're not looking to see what her reaction is。 You're not seeing if she， if she likes it。

 or if're getting approval。Youite， like trying to read her micro signals。 No。

 you're just a guy who's friendly。 You walk down the street and you go， hey， hey， you dont。

 And you can do that to anybody。 You don't only have to do it to cute girls。 Do it to a Granny。

 Do it to a Mily。Chck who's pushing a pram。I mean， do it to a couple。

 There's nothing wrong with saying， hey， guys， you're not going get into a fight。

Maybe in some neighbours in some cities。 But for most part， it'll be cool。 Just say hi to people。

That's kind of like， if you had to put seduction in a bubble， like how to get good with girls。

 just go and say hi。 Once you start doing that， the other things will start to move。Okay。

 so and then another level upon that， you smile， say hi and give a compliment。

 like a walk by compliment。 Or if you're on a bike， a ride by compliment。

 Don't do it in a car or youre yell。 Yeah， you go and you fucking sexy bitch。

 because that is cat calling and that's harassment。

 But if you're kind of walking by and you give a girl a compliment。 That's cool。

 So you just walk by and you say， looking great。 Wow， sexy dress。 You look banging。 damn girl。

 that's awesome。 whatever。😊，Say it the compliment。 again， I'm not looking for her approval。

 I'm not waiting to see how she responds。 Does she like it or， Did she notice。

 It's just that I feel this masculine expression。 My instinct is aroused。

 and I'm letting it out there。 Okay， so these are little precursors to being， being direct。So there。

 there are lots of other warm ups that you can do， you know， for example。

 I used to when I was coaching， I knew that there was this busker that played。 was。

 it was actually a friend of mine。 And He dressed up in a bunny suit， and he played slapla bass。

 really funky bass。 every Thursday， Friday， Saturday night。 when I was out coaching night game。

 I would walk by myself and go to get myself in the mood。For， for approaching and coaching。

 as I'd walk by， and he'd be there in the corner。 he'd be slap in the bass。

 and I'd just get in there and do a bit of a funky dance。right。

 so there was just a little routine that I would do to get in state。 I mean。

 there's all sorts of things you can do physically to kind of pump your state。

 just getting up in the morning， doing jumping jacks， doing five pushups and going out。

 taking a big breath in and going， okay， I'm ready to take the fucking world。

 these are all sorts of psychological and physical warmups that you can do。

 Go into a shop where there's a cute girl and she has to be nice to you because that's her job and have a chat tour about the product And then maybe at the end。

 you shift to just asking so how。 do you like this job or just asking one personal question。

RightSo there's there's all sorts of things you can do' that's a basic list to get you going。

 get you thinking。 But if you look around your city and your daily habits。

 are there people that you can interact with， you can get on a phone call with someone that's fun and funny or interesting that likes you just before you go out to meet girls that can be a little warm up because it's getting you socializing。

Putting on your headphones and listening to good music as as you head into the city。

 all sorts of different things。 So have a think about types of actions that。

 you know make you in a good mood， make you feel more social that help you to lean outside of your comfort zone。

 So you're not necessarily jumping straight into the really difficult stuff。 It's like， okay。

 I'm gonna ease into this。 So I'm going to the club tonight。😊，As I walk to the club。

 I'm going smile and say hi， it's people。 I'm gonna give them high fives as I walk by。

 That's the only circumstance I recommend high fiveves。 Don't do it to girls。

 You're trying to pick up。 It's gonna cheesy， but you can give people high fives And you see guys doing this。

 like guys kind of intuitively do this when they go out。

 They start shouting at people and getting involved with someone And you know。

 commenting on someone's clothes or whatever。 sometimes it can be negative。

 but it's it's part it's designed for people to just get into more social states。

And people do that in in sports or when they're gearing up for a prize fighter。

 like all all sorts of situations where people need to be present。

 they need to be able to extend outside of themselves and they need to be able to express themselves。

 They do warm upts for。 So build that into your routines。And you can use those forever。

 I still do warm ups。 Sometimes I walk out the door， and I just go and talk to a girl。

 Sometimes I feel a bit cold， and I just do a few warm ups， and then I feel better right。

 So keep that in your pocket as something you can do going into the future。 Mission 2， try indirect。

Now， by now， you would recognize that the style of selectionuction that I teach and suggest is overall direct。

Direct in the sense that I am not hiding what is my agenda。 I'm not hiding my desire。

 I'm not going and trying to do these complicated strategies where I talk to the fat girl and then make friends with the slightly hotter girl and then ignore the hot girl that I like in order to get her jealous or anything like that。

 I'm not saying those things can never work。Because there are certainly circumstances where a guy is paying attention to one girl and for whatever reason。

 ignores another。 And then she thinks， that guy must be interesting or I want his attention。

 And then she's easier to approach。 I'm not saying that stuff can't work。

 But what what I'm saying is that especially in the beginning stages。

 It's a really bad strategy to get into because。You start to assume that you can't just express yourself。

And the presupposition behind indirectness is that girls don't like you。

 And you need to do all this trickery in in order to try and convince them to like you。So。

 but don't just take my word for it。As an experiment and you don't need to do this every day。

 But try it out a couple of times just to see， go and experiment with being indirect with your openers。

So what I mean by that Sim stuff is you go up to a girl and you ask her for the time or when the next bus is coming or you comment on her dog or the book that she's reading or the thing that she's doing。

 but not making it about her at all。 right， So she's reading a book。 And you go up and say。

 I hope that's an interesting book， Yeah， so what's your thought so far。That's， that's。

 that's indirect。 Or she's got a cute puppy。 And you say， puppy is so adorable。

 What kind of puppy is it。 you How old is it。 And you start talking about the dog。Yeah。

 you you go and ask advice for directions of the time or so on。And then once you've done that。

 try to turn it into a pickup。I can't really tell you much about that。

 I just want you to go and experience what that's like to go up and say， keep puppy and and then go。

 so， and then try and get into a seduction with her。 I'm not gonna to tell you how to do that。

 I want you to get because I don't do that。But I want you to go and experiment。

 So you can see for yourself， what is the result when you put forward the impression that you're not interested in the girl。

 you're interested in the thing or the the advice。 And then you try and turn it into something more direct。

 Note what her responses are。 Notice how she reacts to that shift。

And I'm going to suggest that once you've tried that half a dozen times。

 you will not want to do it again。 Good luck with that。

Mission 3 is about the use of pre frames and also experimenting with not using pre frames。

 So Liam did a very good job of explaining exactly what a pre frame is and how to use them in one of the other videos。

 And so this is your mission is to go out there and start to experiment。Now， the truth is that you。

 the preframes are not necessary all the time， and you can often get good results with just being clear with a girl。

But there is a difference。 And for this drill， I want you to go out。And let's say。

 approach six girls。Try approaching with a pre frame and then three times。

 and then try approaching without a a pre frame three times。 And note what is the difference。

 especially note what's the difference in those first sort of 5 to 10 seconds。

 the very beginning of the interaction。Because often， if you use a pre frame， it relaxes a girl。

 It gives her a context。 She kind of understands what's going on。Whereas if you go up without one。

 sometimes the girl will be startled or nervous。And can react badly。 However， there is。

 there is a case for not using pre frame sometimes because it can be really powerful if I just go up and and say。

 excuse me。I want to say， hi， what's your name， Or I just walk up and I'm like， hey there。

 My name is James。 There's no pre frame there。Yet it can have a really， really profound result。

 And especially if I'm out in a club situation， do I need to go up and say， hey， don't worry。

 I'm not， I'm not crazy。I wanted to say hi， do I really need to do that in that situation。

 Probably not， because it's implied that you can talk to people in a bar， for example。

 but go out and have a play with it and play with using kind of prewritten preframes。

 So things like such as don't worry I'm not crazy。 I know this might be a little bit strange or don't worry I'm not dangerous or I'm not trying to sell anything。

Right， so these are ones that you could kind of use on a girl in almost any situation。

And then experiment with creating very specific pre frames for the specific thing that's happening。

Right， so let's say the girls got her headphones in。

If I walk up to her and wave and then go like this， and she pulls her headphones in out。And I say。

 hey， I can see that you're listening to some of your favorite tunes。 But I just wanted to blah。

 blah， blah。 That's a very specific preframe， which lets her know I'm aware of what you're doing right now。

 And I'm， and I'm acknowledging that。 So therefore， I'm socially calibrated。

Or the girls walking three times faster than everyone else in the street。

 You see her rushing down the street。And so I run up to her and say， hey， listen。

 I know you don't have time to stop and talk。 I'm just gonna walk with you for a minute because you look amazing。

 What's your name。Right， so my preframe there is very specific to the fact that she's walking very fast。

 I don't have time to go， hey， just saw you from over there。 And she's like， dude。

 I've got to go right， So play with that。 look at what's going on， read the situation。

 look at the expression on her face， the speed she's moving， what she's doing， what she's holding。

 who she's with。 You know， she's standing in a public square， and she's kind of looking around。

 You can assume she's probably waiting for somebody。So then there's my pre frame。 Hey there。

 I can see youre waiting for somebody。 I just thought I'd keep you company for a minute。

 What's your name。And is it a boy or a girl？ She's like， girl， O， cool。 in that case。

 And then we get into the conversation。Awesome shows my social abilities。Diffuses the tension in it。

 And it's， it's much more likely to work。 So that's your next mission。

 Go and experiment with using pre frames， generic ones， use specific ones。

 and then also go into approaches where you just go over and introduce yourself pretty much straight away and see what the difference is。

 Note what circumstances。 One works better than the other。 Note how much your delivery。

And your timing makes a difference because using a pre frame， you have a bit more margin for error。

 If you don't use a pre frame， your timing and your vibe and your expression needs to be pretty solid。

 so the girl doesn't freak out。Mission 4 is to practice using fairly generic， direct openers。

So keeping in mind， a direct opener is usually where I'm expressing to the girl that I find are attractive in some way。

 can be physical， can be the way she's dressing， can be kind of her movement or a vibe or her energy。

 So it doesn't always just need to be about looks。 and you'll find if you experiment with things about her character。

 for example， often you can get even better results。But for this mission。

 I want you to keep it fairly simple。Go and practice doing very generic openness。And generic， I mean。

 using words such as cute， nice， beautiful， gorgeous， sexy， theyre kind of。Very generic compliments。

 Nothing particularly special about it。But you're gonna go up using， let's say using a pre frame。

 you can also experiment without。 excuse me。 I can see you're in a rush。 But I just wanted to say。

 you're looking really sexy today。What's your name。So play with that。 Some or variations upon that。

What's going to make this work is not the word sexy or beautiful。 That's not the thing that's gonna。

 like sometimes the girls will be like， oh， thank you。 She， She may feel flattered。

But if she's beautiful， she's being told she's beautiful before。 It's not the first time。

 It's probably not。goinging to blow her mind。So you can experiment with doing it like this。

 Go and deliver it in a very kind of monotone way。Excuse me。 I can see you're in a rush。

 I just wanted to say， you're very beautiful。 What's your name。Okay， do that a few times。

 note the responses。Then go and practice the generic openers。

 but use a lot of very specific and powerful expression。

Because that is where it's going to have more of an impact。

 And I do want you to do the boring one just to see the difference。

And remember that a lot of this stuff， it's experimentation。

 You're not trying to get every approach perfect。 It's worth it to have a bunch of girls think you're a weirdido in order to get this skill under wrap so that a few weeks or months down the track。

 it's second nature to you。 So don't worry about if you're fucking it up。 F it up。

 Learn from the fuck ups。😡，So then go in and use a lot more expression， excuse me。

 I can't let you walk past。You are so beautiful。What's your name， Okay， so I'm really emphatic。

 I'm really clear， and I'm really allowing her beauty to affect me。And some guys may think that。

 that's like beta behavior because you're losing power。 No， no， it's not。

 Women want to know that a man has been affected by her。Physically， because it makes her feel sexy。

If she's gonna want to date you， she needs to feel sexy around you。 And it's not the only thing。

 It's not like this is a magic trick when I say it you're just so fucking sexy that she's gonna fall into my arms。

 But it's a good， powerful way to start。 Okay， so experiment with that using fairly generic openers。

 but working on and experimenting with different types of expression and also timing。

Notice that when I say， if I just go and say， hey there， I see you really busy。

 but I just thought you look really beautiful。 What's your name。 Okayk， yeah。

 what are you doing today， She doesn't have time to register this。Often， when I approach， I'm like。

 excuse me。 and I wait a second。I've got to say， you're looking so sexy today。It hits。She。

 she replies with whatever。 And then I move on。 Don't wait， Don't go。 You look so sexy。

 And she's like， thank you。 And you're like。So you've done。 you feel like well， I did my job。

 So I did direct。 Now what。 No， it doesn't solve the issue。 It just starts something。 So I。

 I give my compliment。 She responds with whatever it is。

 And then I move on to the next thing I'm gonna say。

 Don't stay there thinking you're gonna get anything out of it。

 Maybe sometimes a girl loves you for it。 Maybe shes just politely accept it。

 Maybe she doesn't accept it。 doesn't really matter。 It's about you expressing directness。

 And there being no confusion about what's going on。

Drill 5 is to work on using a specific direct opener。

And these ones will tend to be much more powerful than using a generic one。So when you can。

 if you have a moment to think。Try to think of something specific to compliment the girl on as opposed to just saying you're beautiful or sexy or pretty。

However， if you can't think of a specific one， it's better to do a generic one with powerful delivery than nothing at all。

 So don't get lost in this and think， oh， if I can't think specific， then I'm ruined。 Okay。

 just go and tell us she's sexy。But， most of the time。

Women women affect you in different ways because they look different。

And you need to start looking at women， not just as like this shape with hair and tis。

 It's like a hot chick and a not hot chick。 No， there's， there's so many different types of women。

 There's so many different types of attractiveness。 Some girls are kind of shy and elegant。

 Some girls are sassy and sexy。 Some girls are like bright and open。 Some girls are kind of。Tough。

 but and proud， but have their own kind of understated sexiness to them。 There's all sorts。

And you should start paying attention。So that you can come up with openers that are really built for her。

 because that's far more complementary。Far more validating for the girl。 And secondly。

 it says to her， you chose her specifically out of the crowd。

Not just that you're running around telling every cute girl that she's cute， which you kind of are。

 but that she doesn't need to know that， because if， if youre， if she thinks， okay。

 he's just running around telling girls they're heart。

 then she's just another hot girl in the crowd doesn't make her feel special。 She feels like， okay。

 you're just trying to bang any girl that will let you。Whereas if I give a specific， hey， excuse me。

The way your hips are swinging in that dress is really distracting。

 So I got to see who's the girl behind that。 What's you name， Okay。

 I'm talking about her hip swinging。 It's very clear that I made this up about her or something more about the mix of her looks and her character。

She's listening to music， and she's kind of bopping along。 and I run up。

 and I get her to take her headphone out and say， I like the way you're groooving down the street。

 You look like you're really enjoying yourself。 Who are you。😊，Okay， so this is a specific opener。1。

little warning on this。 Don't go and complement the fabric of her dress or her shoes or her handbag。

 right， And I see guys doing this a lot when they， when they first start trying to do specific。

 They run down the streets。 They get in front do a great stop and they go， stop， Listen。

 I know this is crazy。 But I just， I was sitting with my friends down the block。

 I have to run all the way over here to tell you that those shoes are really cool， right。

This is not authentic because the reality is， straight men don't run down the streets after people to tell them that their handbag look。

 looks amazing。 You don't really give a shit about the handbag or the shoes。You care about the whole。

Look， the way the woman is wearing all of that， if I， if I， if， however。

 so I don't go run up and say， oh， that's a great dress。 But if I do if I go up and I say， hey。

 listen， I had to I couldn't let you walk by。That dress is。Doing amazing things for you。 It's really。

 really sexy on you。 Now that's good because it's the dress on the girl。

 It's the way she's wearing it。 It's the effect of the dress of the girl wearing the dress that's attracted you。

 Not the fabric or the color of the dress itself。 right， So there's a big distinction。😊。

And you'll find that。 Sure。 go go and experiment， and you probably will do it occasionally or accidentally where you go and say。

 oh， nice hatch。 She's like， okay， thanks。 like， I， dude。

 Do you really had to come and tell me your hat was cool。😊，So specific directness is about， you know。

 her， her face shape， her posture， the shape of her body， the way she moves。

 the expression on her face， what maybe what she's doing， she's， you know。

 she's dancing somewhere or or you see her doing something that you find attractive。 You know。

 she's at the gym and she's doing sexy squats。 maybe that's gonna be a bit。Its lazy。

 but you get the idea。 Allright， so go out and experiment with。And the first step for this， I， I。

 I often recommend is to go and grab a coffee， sit somewhere public。

 watch girls walking by and look at them carefully。 Don't just see， oh， she's hot。 She's not。 Oh。

 she's hot。 No， what kind of hot is she。What kind of sexiness does she have？What's。

's what's the vibe that she has going on， because sometimes you'll see a girl who is technically beautiful。

But ugly in her energy， you can tell she's stiff。 She's not sensual。

 She's got a foul expression on her face。 And when you open your mouth and talk to her。

 she's like screwing her face up and says， what。🤢，That's not an attractive human being anymore。

 even though she might look beautiful in a photo。So look for what are the things that are specific about her that are appealing and then go and use that as your opener。

Drill number 6。Is again， to go up and and do a direct open up。

 But now let's start to compliment her not on something physical。

 but on something that's character related or vibe or energy related。

 or the way she's expressing herself。These will be the most powerful compliments， in my opinion。

 And I don't always give these。Convalence it immediately。

 because sometimes it takes some time to find out something about her that you find sexy。

 So it might be that you're in a conversation。 And when she laughs， she looks so beautiful。

 Or when she's telling that story， she has a cheeky， you know。

 cute glint in her eyes or when she's talking about her passion。

 She suddenly gets really animated with her， with her body。

 So these are the sort of things that I might say， you。

 you really come alive when you talk about horse riding。

 I love how youre like painting pictures with your hands。😊，Okay， so that's a compliment。

About something she's doing or being， as opposed to just the， the looks。However。

 you can certainly do it right from the beginning。 And that will be often I will do something where I will compliment her on the way she carries herself。

 So I might run up and do my pre frame and then say， you， just have such an elegant posture。

It really， really attracted me。 That's one thing that。Drives me crazy in a good way， about a woman。

Are you a dancer？Okay， so that's。That's， and that that's about something she worked on。

 some things that she does， which is kind of more validating than something she was just born with。

 which is her face shape。So in this drill， look for elements of what she's doing， how she's being。

 her expression， the way she carries herself。You can talk about her choice of clothing if she's put together some quite unusual outfit。

But again， be wary of not complimenting just on the clothing。 So if I run up and I say， hey there。

You look really interesting。 I love this funky style that's going on。 Yeah。

 you must be a pretty creative person。 What's your name。 Okay。

 I'm complimenting her as a result of the clothing。

 but I'm making a connection between the clothing and her character or her personality choices。

 right So in that way， using the clothing or the accessory that she's holding or whatever will work as opposed to me running up and saying。

 wow， excuse me。 I just had to。😊，Let you know this dress is so wonderful。

 Like what's the designer or where does you， you know。

 it sounds like a gay man coming and asking about where to where to get one or that I want to buy one for my sister。

 Okay， so that's not a compliment。 That's me fascinated by the dress。 So be wary of that distinction。

 But play with these and play with them as openness， but also during conversation。 It's not。

 I don't want to just lay on compliment after compliment。

 that that becomes too eager And the girl perceives that you're trying too hard and that she's you no challenge。

😊，But once or twice during a conversation， especially when she does something that I like。

 does a little dance， flicks her hair in a cute way， stands up straight， expresses herself。

 gives a funny or a fun expression， you know， says something really intelligent or whatever。😊。

That I get to see a part of her that's impressive or attractive。 Then I let her know。

 So play with that and see the difference that you get difference in results。

 especially compared to giving a generic compliment。😊，Drill number 7 is implied， direct。Now。

 it's important that you understand that it's not always necessary and often not ideal to run up to every single girl and always give her a physical compliment。

 And we've talked about some alternatives in terms of giving compliments about a character or what she's doing。

But even that， I don't always have to do that。Directness is about an attitude， not just an opener。

 And I've said this in various forms before。Direct gain is not。 I go up and I say， hey。

 you're beautiful。 And then I get into boring conversations。

 And that that's me done for the directness。 No， directness is what carries through the interaction。

 And in directness is communicated on all levels， not just verbal。

 but on your physical level in terms of your eye contact， your body language。

 you touch your proximity， your posture and so on。 and also deeper on then that on the instinct or intent level。

 which is my second principle for natural seduction， intent。😊。

So you don't always need to say it with words。 Often it can be implied and said with a look。

 said with the tonality， said with your timing。So in this drill， this is a little more advanced。

But it's really powerful to play with。 and it gives you another powerful tool in your kit。

Is to stop a girl。 Hey， excuse me。I just wanted to meet you。What's your name。Okay。

 the because I think you're sexy and I want to fuck you is implied。 right， If I deliver it like that。

 it's fairly unlikely she's going to think I'm asking for the time。 Now， if she does ask me。

 what did you want， which can happen sometimes， then I just go direct。 Oh， well。

 I thought you were really cute。 Wasn't that clear。😡，Yeah， and I wanted to see what you like。 Okay。

 don't， you don't need to not say it at that point。 But very often， if I just go， hey。

 how's it going， She's like， good， What's your name。Sarah， okay， cool。 And blah， blah， blah。

' I get into the conversation。Just being， just the action of me going up and not using an excuse。

 not asking for the time or directions。 I'm not。Giving any other reason。

So the implication is that I'm interested in the goal。 And that's kind of my definition of direct。

 that there's no ambiguity。 There's no confusion about why I'm there。 I'm clearly interested。

 And me going and saying， hey， what's your name。It's fairly clear that that's because I find are attractive。

 Okay， so play around with implied direct in your openers。And finally。

 mission number 8 is to watch through the series of opener videos。

 which I'll be showing to you directly after this。Now I've pulled out a bunch of the first。

 know few seconds or the first moments of a whole bunch of day game interactions that I've done and some of my coaches so that you can see examples of all the types of openers that I've already talked about using preframes。

 not using preframes I don't know if there's any that are indirect because we don't really suggest that。

 but all types of direct from generic direct to very specific direct to implied direct So I want you to watch through these videos and just notice the different ways that Im applying the openers notice the different ways that the girls respond to me sometimes if the difference between me using preframes are not or being very generically direct or being more specifically direct and noticing that at the end of the day。

 all of these things can work So there's no hard and fast rules about what you need to say。

And in some sense。The opener isn't that important。It's important that the girl doesn't think you're trying to sell her something or or that you're。

You're just a friendly guy asking for directions。 It's important that she knows you're a man who's interested in her as a woman。

 but there's no real power after you get past those first moments。It doesn't really matter。

 So the whole point of these drills and this part of the the course is to give you the most effective ways to go in and start conversations。

 But I also want you to feel free to play with alternatives。

 And there are lots of other ways you can open a girl。 You know， I mean， for example。

 if the girls in a conversation with a friend。 You could walk by and you could just make a comment in on the conversation and jump straight into the conversation。

 You could go up and say， like a really outlandish question。 You could go and say， hey， listen。

I've got a crazy question for you， but I just want to know。

 I don't know what you would do if you're invisible or what's the story of your life。 Now。

 I'm not saying that those are the best things to do in interactions。

But they will doing those things occasionally will help you to break out of the mindset that I need to follow a rigid step by step process。

 I'm giving you a step by step， which works most of the time。

But I certainly still encourage you to go out there and play with all alternatives and break the mold and to get experimental and creative with it。

😊，Knowing， though， that if I do something that's more outlandish， it may have less effect。

 but sometimes a guy can get amazing results by。I don't know passing a goal or note that says。

 give me a number or。A girl that pulls up at a stoplight in the car going roll down the window and say。

 I want to take you on a date tonight。 like that kind of audaciousness or。

 or doing things that are outside of the ordinary unexpected can get really big points with a girl。

 So watch through these videos， check out what it is that I'm doing。 And then please。

 please make sure that you are going out， meeting girls every single fucking day。

 And if you miss a day。😊，Then you just get up the next day and you do it。

 Don't beat yourself up about it。 Just keep moving with it。 You need consistency。

 You need to meet at least 10 or more girls every week in order to see results。

In your seduction abilities。It's not enough to just go and do these drills once。

These drills are the types of things that I do。 I don't think of them in like drill 1， drill 2， Dr 3。

 but I do all of these things。All the time， these are。

 these are kind of your recipe for continued success with approaching into the future。

So you can take one，2， three of these drills and practice them every day for the next year or more。

 And you'll still see profound results with it。 So don't just do them once。 try them out。

 I guess in in the coming week， try each of these drills out a number of times。 And then after that。

 you just have that written in your phone as a list。

 and then you go and practice them in whatever way that you want to whatever feels right for in the moment or whatever areas you feel like you need to working on youre sticking points that you need to move through。

 make this a lifelong habit until it's something that you can just do unconsciously without thinking。

 and you need to set yourself goals and you need to be disciplined with it。 So get out there today。

 if it's still。There's still time， if not， tomorrow， get moving， meet some girls。 Try this all out。

 Good luck with it。Oh， my god。Oh my god， I can't breathe。We break。

So the story is you want wait stop for one second okay no no。

Do you speak like three words of English Can I tell you a story， The story is I'm standing。

Over there， and then you are drinking the coffee。Smoking the cigarette。You walk by。

And so I stop standing and then I come and find you。

And now we're talking and you're laughing and it's just the most beautiful thing I've ever seen。

Did I scare you I didn't mean to scare you I just like to start when it woke past and I have to say hello。

Thank you have a nice jacket too We're kind of matching what's your name I'm Robmy Nice to meet you。

 Ramy nice to meet you。Excuse me， ladies。Just need to see your license。License。

You have the license for the bicycle want No， no， no， you have the license。

 you need a special license to ride this No no no， You don't have that。And money。啊哈。Right。

 now I'm actually joking her。There's nothing， so I just thought you're really sexy。You。

 and so I wanted him to say hi。い， what's your name。天Sylvia hey I'm James。Excuse me。

You've got the sexiest walk Id ever seen， so I had to come and you say hello to you thank you very much you're so exotic Thank you Are you were serving or you got some crazy mix in you？

I have crazy mix of Montenero。I' James。You look pretty cool。

 I don't think we're actually each other's type， but yeah I know。

 but I just thought I'd experiment with something I'm James。Marま。Hello。

That looks like an interesting text， you got a cheeky smile there。

I'm waiting for someone want a date？First day。Good， well，' that's good because when he arrives。

 he'll be a little bit jealous with you're making him watching more。

 And then I can pretend to be the gay friend and confusing。W， I'm James， how do you do。

Iice to meet you as well， excuse me hi。You look awesome， I'm not selling anything。

 I just want to meet you if that's cool。Okay， all right I'm James。

A ex Yuuggoslavian Anie Yes how did you know excuse me， hi。Youre amazingly sexy。

That's what I was trying to say in one sentence。you're welcome How here， I'm James Paulina。

 you need that？Yeah。Looks like it's gone。I won't tell anyone， excuse me， how are you？

You look amazing in that dress。So I just wanted to say hi， what's your name， Emmelia， Amelia。

 how do you do， I'm James？