# 28、詹姆斯·马歇尔《约会加速器》：09.结束-家庭作业练习【加群主微信kc58567获取最新更新】

🎼痛痛。Exercise one for closing in a moment I'll show you a series of clips of me in field meeting strange girls on the streets。

And then asking for their numbers。So what I want you to do is watch carefully and notice how I use the principles I've explained。

 how I use context where I tell a girl some reason why I want to see her again。

 Sometimes it's not always like a big deal where I'm explaining all this stuff about her。

 Sometimes I do just say， cool you know， let's hang out or I want to get your number。

 I want to take you out。 Okay， so that'll work sometimes。

 but often I'm using very clear context of a reason why I want to see her again。

Then look at my demeanor， the way I deliver it， my decisiveness。 Sometimes I'm quite。

Strong and clear about it。 Other times， I'm a bit more casual， but I'm never apologetic。

 and I'm never pushy and rude about it。 So look at the delivery。Of me asking for the number。

And then notice any time where I encounter an objection and then utilize。Objection handling。

 acknowledge and sidestep to move around it and then get the number。And how long are you here for？

We leave。Thursday Tuesday Tuesday all right， well that's enough time for us to grab a coffee sometime。

Why not why not all right， excellent， do you have a Whatsapp or something yes？Go。All right。

 and what else， anything else you want to tell me？I don't know I am you are wiped out now， right。

 Okay， well， I'm gonna keep walking down the beach， but I know we don't know each other。

 You seem really lovely， Would you like to get a juice someday when you're not when you're not so tired All right。

 I'll get your number Nuurria， right， Yes okay。You didn't mind。Sorry， I can end up no， no。

 I understand you're finished for the day。Is it like this just Whatsapp or something here。

Are you very short？that's a nice size。 It's like good hugging size compared to you， I am sure， Okay。

 well， I didn't know because you could anything Spanish people that's right。😊，No。

 then the last number， Okay， that's okay， Okay， cool perfect， All right。

 I'll send you a message later and then。In the week so you work in the daytime work on things every day bad like five days a week。

all it takes too maybe we can meet them on the next couple of days Okay all right。

 we have a lovely lovely relaxing evening。And how long will you stay in Barcelona？这个。Wed news now。

And they Tuesday。Wednes。Well， I'm going to let you guys walk off but would you like to get a cup of tea and we can use Google Translate and have a date sometime have you done that before we can have a Google Trans date Okay all right well I'll get you have a Whatsapp number？

Okay， Ill get this。 but you have to spell your name for me again， because。Its a。

Can you write your name。Well， I'm going to get back to my friends。

 but I don't know if you want to get a tea or something sometime， Ill get your number。What's up。

Yeah yeah， WhatsApp's good， you can write all your details in sot mess it up。

Last name you need the orange。Oh shit like you're like a bad student No I'm a good student that I'm studying well do you want to go on a date with me because that's really not right now if I have to study right now right well maybe we should be friends on Facebook。

I'm sure I don't want use space， but what do you use？😊。

Nothing really I' not a very social media friendly person。I guess I'll take your friend under that。

I just got here from Australia a few days ago。And I figure this is the best way to make new friends I'm。

W hold on ones like， do you use plus one in America？I don't know。 I don't。I guess， yeah。

 I think that's like the。National。All right， well then what's your number my number is at 650。Sorry。

 I'm not going to text you every day。 just wish we had met when you went in such a rush and then we could talk I'm lying。

ああるあ economic。OhOh wow。Are you excited about it I love it。

 but I'm going to be late keep Okay cool and nice to take。Rd， what do you study？あ。😮。

That's why you walk with such a swagger。I'm up with a swagger， but。How would you describe your work？

I know that's a lot of pressure to drop on someone， but it definitely has some kind of spark to it。

I got a running love late， but thank you well， we should meet again when you're not in a rush。Well。

 I got to American Sim card so I guess I can text you or use Facebook。

And we can stalk each other too。Well， that's what Facebook's for， right right。好。三分钟。This one。

Are you Russian？Hey， wait a minute， it doesn't work because it's grayed out so you are got to add me and then you go to。

Do you have a lot of stalkers？Because usually that's why people do that I actually do。

 I had a stalk once when I was in Bosnia， it's like a super Muslim country。And some goes like。

Slipping out about。Whether。We should kiss or not because sheism no。

And and then she called me like 62 times in one day and I was like， oh my God。

 this is what girls have to deal with all the time。It's notNo， all right。

 well nice to meet you do you say goodbye like this Sure。😊，I live in Europe， so I always do that。

 have a good show。Now I'm sort of traveling around。I live mainly in Budapest。

I like coming to New York at this time year。I should probably get going its nice meeting you， well。

 we should meet again。Do you have a number here？S you what numbers。Actually， maybe Facebook's better。

 you have Facebook。I tried callinging people the other day and keep saying insufficient credit。

All right，You can make from。Lam， type it Emily。And we my mom in Amsterdam Oh my God。

 you should totally do that you got a daddy here。 I that is that what you're into？So dad is that you？

The first one， no。It's probably one two ends Oh Oh you two ends nices and then SIG， yeah。

That's what那个。The first one，Aing's the one。 Okay， let's be hoies。 Okay， word Andrew。 Yeah， word。

 Nice to meet you。 Yeah， awesome。 too awesome。😊，What are you guys tonight don know。

 I'll up cool to God to God， it's like a religious thing。

 but that's yeah it's how It's so like you know， Roman empire fucking gods of I don't know what。

 but Gods a war Yeah， it's good a war。 what's go at a word tonight。All right，'s， give me。

 nice to meet you。 Okay have a good。That's true Well we can have a conversation would you like to have a conversation over a cup of tea sometime？

All right， awesome， I presume you have a phone number。I do。

 but I don't know it so I have to look it up I don't know either I don't know how that said thats stuff。

Foreigners think sorry， can you tell me your name again，ULYA it's like a Russian name， right？

d of yeah， do you speak Russian as well？Not really， I just no look。Basic。I didn't speak it either。

Like this year。Y a啊喂 a。姑娘。Yes。小少咁。Do you live on campus or are you No， I live。Cl to。

