# 十戒：2 肖恩解读：游戏十诫 2.2 肖恩第二诫_ev

Commandment 2， thou shalt answer the three sacred questions。

So what we're talking about is how to build certainty in the long term。 Now。

 one thing I noticed from Derrerick and that he does different than pretty much anyone one else is that he is able to convey the attractive qualities of a man。

 whether he is in state or not。 So one thing I've noticed with a lot of guys that get really。

 really good with girls， is that they are learning how to get in state over and over again。

 And that is great。 However， what they're essentially doing is getting themselves to a place where they can communicate with certainty。

 where they can be unreactive， whether they can not care what the girl thinks。

 And that's great while they are in state。 However， if they're ever not in state that all disappears。

What we want is to make that certainty and that unreactiveness and that confidence a part of you。

 a core part of you。 And that is what we are going to do in this section。 So when I was a kid。

 I had a lot of friends that were like jocks or just generally confidence social people and I was always kind of the uncertain one。

 And in my mind， because I'm a very cognitive person。

 I didn't feel like I should have a sense of certainty because I didn't always know the right answer。

 And I felt like I should gravitate towards what my friends were saying because they did have that sense of certainty。

 But what I found was that they would tell me， oh， this is the right answer。

 or this is the way the world works。 And I would follow that and then later learn out that they had no idea what they were talking about。

 This was very confusing to me because I remember thinking they said it was such certainty like what the fuck how could you say something like that that is so wrong but say it with such confidence。

 And as I grew older。 I。IRealize that a lot of times the people that are most wrong and that think things through the least are the most confident。

 maybe you can see some examples in the real world and the people that are most likely to be right。

 the people that are skeptical of things and look at research and really wait a while to make an opinion are the ones that are least likely to be confident and this is completely fucking backwards。

 So I realize as I was growing up， that if I was ever to be taken seriously。

 I would have to learn how to speak like them and because I'm a logical person and because a lot of ur are logical people。

 I really had to get a good sense of who I am what I value what my moral code is。

 how the world works etc。 And I think even for a guy like that who just grows up with confidence and certainty。

 if you can get actual certainty that is based on something real you will always be able to get that guy to defer to you a little bit more than you are deferring to him in terms of talking to women。

look and why is it important， Well， let's give a couple examples。

 A guy who is very good with women will have the ability to talk forever。

 and he will have that ability to say what he means with passion and with fire for as long as he wants。

 no matter if the girl is deferring to him or giving invalid or whether she's being like a little bit more standoffish。

 Now， here's something interesting。 Last weekend， I saw a student who was very new at this stuff。

 And there was a consistent pattern in his approaches。He would come up to us。 We had tell him like。

 you can do this。 You're the fucking man Like， you know how to do this shit。

 Then he would go up to the girls。 And for the first minute， he was perfect。

 He was giving his real opinions on things。 He was being honest with them。 Then after a minute。

 he sort of just like die down and wasn't able to say anything and that part of his personality was just cut off。

 Now， that's very interesting because obviously， he has that part of his personality in him。

 But his mind is not letting him have access to that personality for more than a minute。

 So what is actually happening there。 Well， he's going up to us。

 and he is seeing that we are very confident that he should be confident。

 Then he's going up to the girls。 And for a minute， he's still writing off of our confidence。

 But then he sees that the girls are unsure if he should be confident。

 And now his confidence goes away。 Well， what's really happening there is at first。

 he's looking to our world view to define who he is。

 And then he's looking to the girl's world view to define who he is。 What if he had。

Just looked to his own worldview the entire fucking time。😡。

What happened with the students is what I call mid gameme Loll， and I see this all the time。

 Guys will go in for the first five minutes for the first 10 minutes。 They're awesome。

 And then it's just sort of like the energy just dies down。

 And what's happening is that because they are looking to the girl to tell them who they are just a little bit。

 they lose that sense of who they are and are no longer able to show their true personality。

 You want to get these questions answered to the point where you are like a rock and other people's opinions or frames are like waves crashing on the rock。

 The wave breaks， The rock doesn't。How would this look in the long term， Well。

 let's say that you have a girlfriend， Girl gets angry for no reason。 What are most guys going to do。

 either A going to apologize， even if there's nothing to apologize for or B。

 they're going to get angry back。 Someone who really knows who they are。

 how the world works and as answered their questions。 I not going to get overly angry。

 and he's not going get overly timid either。 What he's going to do is take the middle road where you're saying。

 look， I'm willing to discuss real problems in a productive way。

 I'm not going to gauge any anger or nonsense。 But if there ever are real problems in a relationship。

 I'm willing to solve them， but I'm not going to engage in your anger or cower to your anger。

 So now let's start understanding why these questions work。

 And then I will give you a few examples of each question being answered。

 And then I want you to answer it for yourself。 I want you to do this in as much detail as possible。

 Get out of a notepad。 Get out your Macbook。 write down the answers to these questions as much details possible。

 So。First part， what kind of manime I？The first step in answering this question is to outline your moral code。

 It has been said many times that a man of confidence should not give a shit what people think。

 And this is absolutely true。 However， no one talks about what happens after you stop giving a shit what people think。

 Sure， not giving a shit what people think is great。Essential。

 even if you're going to be influential in any sphere of your life。

 But the point of not giving a shit what people think is to live a life of your own design。

 If you stop and not giving a shit， you basically set sail away from a port with nowhere to go。

 Part of being human is the desire for a sense of meaning and purpose。

 the magic of outlining your values and morals is that it simultaneously prevents you from caring what other people think Since your only thinking about if what you're doing aligns with your morals and values。

 and gives you a true north to follow。 So now not only of you set sail but you have somewhere to go。

 when you think about it， if all you do is decide I'm not going to give a shit what other people think。

 your still in reaction to them because your entire identity is based around not caring about them。

 you're still thinking about them。 defining your values allows you to not care about the thoughts of others and then replace that with your own thoughts。

 So I'll give an example of a。I knew in college and he was really into this idea of not giving a shit。

 so he would do things like steal a bike and then brag about it。

 He would do things like punch people and then brag about it like a fucking retard and the thing is no one ever respected this guy and he didn't really respect himself because he's living a life essentially still in reaction to society。

 His entire identity is tied up in him being against other people。

 we don't want to be against other people。 We want to not care what they think and we want to be for ourselves。

 So when we outline our moral code， we're giving ourselves that very human sense of meaning and sense of purpose and sense that we are good people。

 but we are unconnecting that from society and from what other people think and from the ways that other people think we should act。

😡，So I have my own moral code written down on my computer in exquisite detail。

 So if I ever take an action and someone one tells me， oh， that's wrong。

 That goes against this thing。 I can think back because I read this about once a week。

 I can think back。 Well， what are my morals。 I what I'm doing wrong。 No， then I don't need to change。

 Oh， maybe it is wrong。 Maybe it is actually against my morals。 Then I need to change。

So here's a few examples of my actual moral code。One。

 I believe that greatest evils in the world are group think。

 the blind following of social norms and submission to social pressure and houristic thinking。

 aka black and white thinking， or making broad generalizations。

Probably not a surprise that that's in my moral code。 right？ Second， I believe that universally。

 there is no right or wrong， but that there are things that consistently infringe on others' freedom and well being。

 Third， I value reasonableness and rationality above all else。

 So kind of an example of the more philosophical part of my moral code。

And that part of my Mor code goes on for a couple pages。Next， the practical part of my moral codes。

 a few examples。 I believe that an action should be judged by its end net effect with two exceptions。

 A if the person's motives were to harm and they are likely to do it again， B， if someone gets hurt。

 even if the amount of happiness that the person hurting them gets is a net gain。

 I believe that if you are in a situation where an action unquote。

 should be taken by someone that is up to you to select yourself and take that action。

 As you can see， these are specific and well thought out。

 there are both philosophical and practical codes for my behavior。

 So it is always crystal clear to me， if what I am doing is something I respect。

 or something I do not respect。 and that is in no way attached to the bullshit societal norms that other people seem to base their morals on。

Go write down your own moral code right now。Next， part of what man am I。

 we are going to talk about what do I value。 This is less about a strict moral code and more about defining what ideals and structures are important to you。

 This allows you to separate ideals from ideology。 What's wrong with ideology。

 ideology creates three insidious problems。 Ident， group think and pacing and leading。

 and we are going to go into these so that you can see why this is so important to define for yourself to follow your own ideals。

 rather than to subscribe to outside ideologies。So first problem with ideologies。

 as opposed to  ideals， identifying with the ideology by becoming a socialist or a libertarian。

 a Republican or a Democrat， a Buddhist or a Christian。 We start to identify with that label。 Now。

 when anyone insults or praises that ideology。 We feel as if we are being insulted or praised。

 while we originally joined that ideology because they represented our ides。

 We now stay with that ideology because they are us。

 We have once again fallen into the trap of identifying with false gods。

 I'll give you a quick example of this。 when I was about 19。

 I read a book called the Fountainhead by I Rand。 And I had no idea about the political connotations of this book。

 All I knew was someone had recommended it to me。 and they said， you know， it's a good story。

 So I read the book and I really liked it。 I really identified with it。 And I told my friends。

 And I have a lot of conservative friends and a lot of liberal friends。

 but this just happened to be a liberal friend。 And I told him。

I read the book and I really liked it and he immediately came down on me and started saying things like you can't be reading I and Rand and like she's so fucked up and like all the philosophy in that book is so fucked up and all I knew was that I liked the story but because his identity was so caught up in his political views and the political ideologies that he subscribed to。

 he actually felt like I was insulting him by enjoying this book， what could be more ridiculous。

Another quick example。 I also have a very conservative Christian side of my family。

 and I agree with a lot of their ideals， but I'm not a Christian。 You know， obviously。

 I agree with don't kill people。 However， because I don't share the same label as them。

 because I don't label myself as a Christian， I've oftentimes been told that I'm going to hell by my own family because they are so identify with that label that they don't even care about their ideals anymore。

 Next part about why you have to define your own ideals instead of subscribing to ideologies。 group。

 think Each ideology creates an accompanying movement and group。

 someone can be a feminist or they can be part of the feminist movement。

 someone can be a conservative or they can be a part of the conservative movement， etc ce。

 when we become part of a group， we are likely to follow that group。

 whether it aligns with our ideals or not， we are likely to take actions out of alignment with our core values。

 defend the group when it acts abhorrently and chastise other groups。

Even when they do exemplify our values， what possible terrible examples throughout history can we think of to illustrate this concept This does not just happen occasionally into some people。

Everyone who starts making the groups they are part of a part of their identity succumbs to group think to some degree。

 and it causes people to do terrible things all the time。Next part， pacing and leading。

 This is an old hypnotism concept。 and the basics of it is that you will tell the person you are hypnotizing things that they know to be true over and over and over。

 And then they will naturally start to defer to you and then you will deviate from things that they already know to be true。

 and they will start believing those things as well。

 So I might be saying you are listening to my voice。 You are wearing headphones。

 You are listening to my voice。 And then I might start with other things like you are naturally seeing how awesome I am right。

 And so you can take someone from a logical place to an idelogical place。

 So what does this have to do with ideologies。 This is what causes us to start from a place of our own values。

 and end up in a place where our values are unrecognizable。

 People often subscribe to an ideology after they hear that ideology。

 say things that they believe to be true。 after hearing the things that they already know to be true over and over。

 they then go into a trance like a hypnotism of sorts， where they see the ideology as an authority。

ideology starts talking about things that are ambiguous that you don't know if they're true or not。

 but because they have said true statement after true statement。

 your brain recognizes this new ambiguous statement is true over time over time you become so used to associating this ideology with truth that beliefs that do not make sense at all can be implanted into your brain the ideology becomes truth itself I'm sure you guys have seen examples of this with your own friends where they get interested in an ideology because maybe they jiveed with a book or something。

 and then you see them five years later and they believe things that are fucking nuts so these ideologies can actually change your values in a way that you will never notice so these ideologies can actually change your values in ways that you will never notice because it's so subtle and it happens so slowly over time So once again those three parts where identification group think and pacing and leading。

So to avoid the pitfalls of ideology and to remain our own person。

 we think about the values and  ideals that make sense to us。

 rather than the ideologies and dogma that make sense to us。

 We must outline these values exactly so that they cannot be swayed by other people。

 They may change over time， But by having them defined for our life right now。

 we increase that sense of self reliance and decrease that human tendency to look for others to define us。

 This also creates a system of checks and balances so that our morals are in alignment with our values and our values are in alignment with our morals。

 So here's an example of a few of my values。Philosophical values， truth。Evidence。

 science and scientific thinking， thinking for myself， looking at nuance and details， Spea my mind。

 compassion， presence， mental toughness， deep connections and intimacy。

 creating happiness for myself， creating happiness for others。😊，Another section of my values。

 things I admire efficiency， beauty， ego transcendence， story telling， humor。

 the ability to do something in a way that no one has done it before。

 the ability to do something better than anyone has done before。 Another category of my values。

 practical values， loyalty， family， friends， fun， sex， health， adventure。 You get the idea。

 go write down your values right now。Next part of what kind of man am I， how does the world work。

 who am I and what is my place in the world。By understanding how the world works。

 we gain a better ability to navigate it。This gives us certainty without an understanding of how it works。

 we will always be looking to others for their understanding of how the world works。

Because the average person's understanding is poor。

 having this undefined in our head resigns us to take actions that would lead to average results because we're getting our understanding from someone who doesn't know what they're talking about。

 Every great leader and every guy that has ever been good with women has a strong map in his head of what people respond to when to act when others won't。

 when to stay put when others act and every other contingency involved in navigating the inherent ambiguity of life。

 by having a deep dedication to understanding these contingencies and by having them well defined。

 we can see how our internal morals， values and desires mesh or clash with the outside world。

 This makes the actions required to gain more of what we want clearer。

 It also allows people to feel comfortable following our lead。

 Women want to be with someone who understands how the world works better than they do。

 Men want to follow a man who understands how the world works better than they do。 Quick example。

 Have you ever been at a crosswalk where。The light is red and everyone is looking towards each other to see whether they should walk across the street so why the fuck aren't they looking at the roads to see if there's cars coming and then making that decision for themselves because we always want to see what do other people think even if our understanding makes more sense。

It is also by understanding how the world works at large that we can understand how we work。

 If you understand how other people are manipulated， you understand how you could be manipulated。

 If you understand how others have gained or lost money， you understand that for yourself。

 The people that are most likely to be tricked or manipulated are those that think they could never be manipulated and that psychology doesn't apply to them。

 Those most likely to fail at starting a business are those that think the rules of economics don't apply to them。

So as you can see by understanding the world， we are more able to understand how we might potentially act and avoid unproductive behaviors。

 Here's a personal example。Over the last year， I've been reading a lot of books about clickbait media。

 and I've noticed how much clickbait media affects people I meet psychology。

 mainly that they are defensive all the time。 And so I had a thought， well。

 if I can see how defensive It's making other people。

 Why would I engage in watching any sort of clickbait media because I'm not different。

 I still have those psychological tendencies and so do you So I cut it all out。

 So now we're gonna to start writing down our understanding of the world。

 And it's very important that you write these things down so that they are crystal clearance so that you remember them。

 a lot of times you will have an epiphany， or you will realize some little quirk about how the world works。

 and then you'll forget about it in a couple years later。

 you'll have that same epiphany and realize that if you had remembered it the entire time。

 your life would have gone a lot better。 So here's a few of my understandings。

 People are selfish but social creatures。 They will do what's best for themselves most of the time and do what's best for others if it furthers their direct selfish interests fors their social。

s or appeals to their values or ideologies Another one Most difficulties in life happen because of life's inherent hardness and realities indifference to our plans。

 the tendency is to blame these difficulties on other people。

 but the truth is people control a very small amount of daily occurrences and reality controls a large amount of daily occurrences。

So those are a few philosophical， a few practical， people will respect you more if you give your real opinion and convey your real personality。

 Don't mistake your expertise in one area for an expertise in another area。

 and then a few extremely practical ones。The human brain can only focus on one thing at a time。

 so don't multitask。 statements work better than questions when having a conversation。

 As you can see， I have different levels for this， and I have it written out very clearly what my epiphanies are about how the world works and what my total understanding of how the world works is。

Last part of what kind of man am I， What is my place in the world is essentially the same as our understanding of the world。

 But what type of person we want to be and what our place in the world is。 So just a few of mine。

 I am a silly human with similar tendencies as other silly humans and am subject to the same potential for greatness the same proneness to failure and error。

 I am someone who will live a life of his own design， not in conform any to others。

 but not in defensive reaction to others either。 So pause this recording and go write down what your understanding of the world is and what your place is in the world。

Number two of the three sacred questions。 What kind of life do I want to live。

Let me ask you something。 What do you think are your chances of getting an A on a 50 question。

 multiple choice test with five possible answers。 If you fill in all the answers randomly， Well。

 I actually calculated this out once， and it would be one of the rarest things that has ever happened in the history of the universe。

 Another question。 What do you think is the chances of getting into Harvard。

 if you never plan to do so throughout your high school education。 I'll phrase that another way。

 do you think there is one person that got accepted to Harvard last year that did not have the goal of being accepted to Harvard。

 maybe one maybe but doubtful when we set an intention in mind。

 we naturally gravitate towards that intention。 though it sounds woo woo。

 there are actually scientific reasons for this。 because of the insane amount of sensory information that we are exposed to all day。

 or are always experiencing an edited version of reality， If we processed all of the sensory inputs。

 we would literally go insane。 by setting intentions in defining our goal。

Our brains will accent the sensory input related to those intentions and goals。

 This is called priming and it works through our reticular activating system。

 The part of our brains responsible for attention。 Now there is a book that came out about this about 10 years ago called the secret and it would talk about all these magical reasons why this is true and if you just think about something and imagine it。

 you will eventually get it。 And what happened was a lot of people read this book and they sat in their chair and close their eyes and they imagined really。

 really hard winning the lottery。 they imagined really， really hard being married to Pamela Anderson。

 And you know what happened for those people。 Nothing。

 The problem with the book the secret is that a it doesn't focus on action and B。

 it gives magical reasons for this effect。 So do not think that something like the law of attraction will ever work if you don't take action or that there are anything but real practical reasons for the effect。

 What we are talking about instead is defining what you want to both prime your subconscious mind to look。

For those opportunities and to give your conscious mind explicit instructions on what we are trying to do and what actions we need to take to get there。

 A is the main goal here， because without it， we're really just engaging in a big circle jerk。

 This isn't magic。 And I encourage anyone who finds a person who believes that thinking without action will make their life better to call that person a delusional moron。

 So for this part of the exercise， we're going to think about what kind of life we want to live。

 This should include everything from where we want to live。

 What kind of job or project we want to be working on。

 what hobbies we want to engage in what we want to eat。

 what we want our house or apartment to look like， what kind of skills we want to have etc ce。

 the more detailed you can make this the better。 there's an old self-help adage that the more detailed your goals are。

 the more likely you are to achieve them。 They should also be realistic。 by that。

 I do not mean setting the bar low。 What I mean is not making your goals so preposterous as to be inherently unachievable。

 If my goal is to live in 10 square。compound on the moon while having three sums with the girls from Game of Thronees。

 I'm kind of setting myself up for failure。 So set your intentions high。

 but make them something that could feasibly happen in the real world。

 I'm going to give you some examples from what I want out of life。

I want to live a life where I'm traveling at least  six weeks out of the year。

 I want 14 days of that travel time to be fun weekendened trips to places I know and enjoy like Los Angeles。

 Las Vegas， New York， with the intention to have steak dinners with friends and the women at my favorite night life spots。

 I want the other 28 days to be split between 2 to four extended trips to countries or cities that have never seen before。

 such as India， Sweden Antarctica， Sub Saharan and Africa。

 I want these trips be focused on learning their culture。

 their subjective values and social tendencies and having experiences there that I can't have anywhere else。

 So you can see this is extremely detailed。 Another little example from my file。

 I want to live a life where I'm constantly engaging in education。

 This includes academic education that will procure me degrees that are useful to my career。😊。

But also reading a minimum of 30 books a year on nonfiction topics related to society and human nature also includes supplementary classes that teach me useful but non primary skills like jujitsu and pro writing and also includes mentorship from people who are executing the ways that I can't or thinking in ways that I don't already。

 So this is a pretty good outline of figuring out what we want。

 I want you to go write down what kind of life you want to live as much details possible right now。

Last part and almost most important。 Who do I want to spend my life with， Obviously。

 during this part of the exercise， we're thinking primarily of women we want short or long term relationships with。

 However， these concepts should also be applied to friends， mentors and professional partners。

 In this exercise， we think about two things。 First。

 what do I want in the kind of women I want to spend long amount of times with。 Second。

 what can I offer this woman's life that no one else can。

 The second part is called a value proposition and something Deerk does extremely extremely well。

 It outlines exactly what this woman will gain by being with you， Why should you care。

 Because your sense of entitlement and deservedness around beautiful women。

 Your sense of certainty around her will always， on some level。

 be tied to what you believe she is getting out of the deal。

 Part of the reason a guy like Deerk feels that sense of deservedness is because he knows how much he can offer her。

 So let's start with the first part of that equation。 Once again。

 the more detailed you can outline what you want the higher chance you have of eventually getting it。

 One caveat， There may be several archetypes。Women that you're interested in or different things you would enjoy in a short term relationship with separate things you would enjoy in a long-term relationship。

 That's fine。 The important thing is that you define all of them。

 Some of these can be based on the types of girls you've been with and some can be based on the types of girls you're attracted to but have not been with。

 So a few examples。Physical archetype 1， short net between 5 and 5，5， big lips， big eyes。

 pale to olive skin， hour glass body shape， hipster fashion sense。

 If has tattoos must be artistic with somewhat interesting design。 And then， you know。

 there's a million other archetypes， personality example down to earth， interested in education。

 reads because she enjoys it emotionally stable。Has an internal locus of control。

 adventurous interest in travel has hobbies that she has pursued for a long time。 Excis。

 has a growth mindset， not a political extremist， not religious。

 willing to discuss and explain what she believes and why naturally introverted but knows how to be social and enjoys it。

 E cetera。 As you can see， I've defined this very， very well for myself。 Second part of the exercise。

 This is where I explain what we can offer the girl。 or potential friend， business partner or mentor。

 I actually did this when I was applying to be Derek's assistant。

 because I had thought out what I could offer him。 I could communicate that both explicitly and implicitly。

 One caveat。 do not fall into the trap of explicitly telling a girl what you can offer her。

 This is called supplicating， qualifying， and it's a huge turn off。

 This list is for you to know what you can offer her。

 And to know that you can offer her more than she can offer you。

 She picks up on this by seeing your confidence， Subcomications and general demeor。 example。

 She will travel more than she ever has before。😊，She will be with a man who is more confident than all of her ex'es。

 but who actually bases his confidence on tangible things rather than delusional thoughts。

 She will be surrounded by successful people。 She will be constantly going to fun events such as music festivals。

 parties， sporting events， city events， etc。 She will pick up on habits that will help her throughout her life such as exercise。

 meditation， visualization， money management， networking， social engineering， negotiation， etc。

 Now pause the recording and go outline this party of the exercise for yourself。

So now that we have those parts of your life defineds。

 you are in a position that almost no other man is in simply by doing this step。

 you have a better sense of the totality of who you are and what you want than 99% of other people on the planet。

That thought alone should give you massive certainty。

 and your long term certainty will be directly proportional to how well you keep these structures defined and how often you look back to them。

 Upate them and expand on them。 Now， we're going to get into a little more of the technical aspects of game。

 Book recommendation for this section，6 pillars of self esteem by Nathaniel Brandon Go and answer these questions and as much details as possible for yourself。

