# 十戒：2 肖恩解读：游戏十诫 2.3 肖恩第三诫 开场_ev

Commanment 3， thou shalt open like you mean it。So in this section， we're talking about opening。

 starting an interaction with a woman。 Now， I know that opening is one of the main things that new guys worry about and is one of the biggest sources of anxiety for someone starting off this process。

 So my go for this section is for everyone listening to never again say that they don't know how to open。

 We are going to talk about this in a very structured and complete way going over frames how to get over approach anxiety。

 De， et cetera。 So a few things to understand about opening。 First， I want to say this。

 A lot of people will focus so much on the opener that they will do it to the exclusion of other parts of their game。

 So they will try and think of themselves。 What is the best way to start an interaction。

 What do I say， What do I originally say， The thing is。

 the opener is really only about 2% of the total interaction。

 What is more important than the opener is what's called follow through。 So you'll see these。

uys that get into this game。 They'll go out and they thought of all of these openers thinking about what is the perfect opener。

 and they will say one of them。 and you know it'll work。 the girl will respond。 But then after that。

 they have no follow through。 They have no idea what to do next。

 and we are going to get into what to do next。 Very， very detailed。

 but do not fall into this trap of thinking that you just have to think of an opener that the opener is some big important thing。

 It's not is simply the start of the interaction。 So first things first understanding where the opener is in these structure of game。

 So when people first start writing about success with women。

 They would make these incredibly complicated structures。

 they would have letters and numbers in them and they would have exactly what to do in every situation but the problem is that a real interaction is organic and does not work in a predictable fashion。

 So when I talk about the structure of game。 What I want is for you to get an idea of how the average successful interaction with the women goes。

What type of goals you need to have at each point and how it generally works for guys that are very good at this。

 So what is the structure， Well， I think of it in three simple parts。 First part， you versus me。

 Second part， you and me question mark。Third part， you and I together。 So the first part。

 you versus me。 That is where you are exerting who you are。 You are talking a lot。

 You are exerting your frame and is generally a showcase of who you are and you are not sold at all。

 on who the girl is。 You are just trying to give her a sample size of your personality。

 This goes on for anywhere from a couple of minutes to maybe 10 or 15 minutes。 Second part。

 you and me。 This is where you are discovering if she is the right girl for you。

 you are asking a few questions about her。 She is now compelled by you and trying to sell herself。

 This is where you are kind of figuring out if this is the right girl for you。

 And this part is super important because a lot of guys will just go up and be like， hey， I like you。

 I like you。 I like you。 Well ever getting to know the girl and the girl has no fucking interest in a guy that is interested in her without actually having any standards。

 Third part， you and I together。 This is when she is now attracted to you。

 You are now attracted to her and you are focused on having。😡，Fun together and building a connection。

 So those are three signpost that make up the structure of game。

 and that is generally how any successful interaction with a woman goes。 In fact。

 if you watch romantic comedies， you can kind of see the structure playing out throughout the plot。

 Guy and girl meet。 They don't really like each other。

 they both have very strong opinions and personalities。

 then they start to discover that they have shared values。

 that is all you need to know about the overall structure of game。 Don't overthink it more than that。

 Next part， hesitation and approach anxiety。 Most guys that are new and most guys in general get somewhat nervous when they're about to go talk to a girl。

 This is an evolutionary thing， we don't need to get into why that happens。

 but it does happen for most people and you need to know how to overcome that。

 Even when you're advanced。 you no longer get that approach anxiety。 However。

 a lot of times you'll feel an initial resistance because it takes energy to go and meet a new person。

 It's no longer anxiety。 It's laziness。 So first， why is it important。

To handle your approach anxiety and not hesitate。 Well， number one。

 we see on boot camp all the time where we will tell guys to go into an interaction and they will either just stand there。

 They will hesitate， they will make up really dumb excuses or even worse。

 they will go walk up near her and then just not do anything and just stand around。

 So when we finally actually get them into that interaction。

 the anxiety is built up so much in their mind that they are stifled and they can't actually express themselves。

 You want to be in a state where you are free flowing where your personality is to the forefront and so learning to not hesitate is paramount。

 Now， I'm gonna give you a bit of an example of what happens when you don't approach when you're advanced。

 I was with my friend Michael， who you will hear an interview with later in Las Vegas a couple weeks ago。

 And me and Michael， when we are out， we are usually almost pushing each other over to make sure that we are the person that approaches first。

 because it's fun because we want to go talk to the hot girl because this is。

Such an enjoyable activity for us that hesitation is usually the last thing on our mind。 Now。

 we walk into the club and we go to the outside area， and we're talking to each other。

 and we both sort of turn towards the bar to see who's there As we are turning。

 I see this girl who at least body type is almost my perfect 10。 and for just a second。

 I hesitate and then start walking after like a millisecond。

 Michael had saw her a second before me and is now walking towards her。

 So he gets to her first and because of my millisecond of hesitation， I do not get to her first。

 So Michael starts talking to her interaction goes really well and he ends up taking her home。 Now。

 this girl physically， I never got to know her personality wise。

 but physically was pretty much my perfect 1。 And so this was kind of a painful experience for me because obviously she was receptive to meeting someone。

 I probably would have gotten the same result that Michael got。 And so for an advanced guy。

 it's shaving those milliseconds off of your he。😊，Now I've gotten other girls that have been in my perfect ten as well。

 So it's not like this was a huge deal， but it did remind me how important it is not to hesitate。

 I could have been with that girl， but instead I had to wing him and get rid of her or or friend。

 So how do we actually decrease that hesitation and decrease that approach anxiety。 Well。

 let's understand the approach anxiety first， there's two parts to it。

 number one is overcoming that initial resistance when you're approaching number two is getting rid of that after approach residue where you didn't get the response you wanted and now you feel a bad about it。

 And the next time you approach you're associating approaching with pain and not having fun。

 So first， overcoming that initial resistance。 you have to understand that our brain is constantly oscillating through two different modes。

 One is a defensive mentality。 This is where our sympathetic nervous system is turned on We are looking for threats。

 we are looking for anything that might fight us， we are feeling anxious， etc。 The other is。

Discovery mentality。 This is where we are looking for opportunities， things that will be fun。

 things that will enhance our lives。 and our brain is constantly going through these two phases。

 And once you become aware of this， you can see that our brain is constantly going through these two phases at any given time throughout the day So how do we get our brain into discovery mode as opposed to defensive mode Once you become aware of how often your brain is in this defensive mode you will be fucking shocked is in that defensive mode much。

 much more than how you would like。 and it is in that discovery mode much less than would be ideal。

 So how do we get into that discovery mode when we're actually out。

 A general rule if you're new is that when you're in the club。

 you should start approaching right away or start having fun with your friends right away that gets you into that lighthearted mode tells your brain this is a context in which I can be social and not get hurt and generally makes the opportunities of the night。

 more real to you than the potential downsides of the night now。

I know some people recommends that you should approach all Now what Derek will do that is massively better is that he will approach all that he is attracted to so when you're approaching all your brain is in a bit of that discovery mode but it's not really seeing the rewards because you're talking to people that you don't even actually like you don't envision any real future with these people and you don't have anything in common with them so really you're just talking to them to talk to them as some sort of weird self-help exercise when you approach everything that you are attracted to your brain is being primed for that discovery mode your brain is being primed for that discovery mode so that you're attaching massive upside to every move that you make The reason a lot of time people become approach machines is because they're subconsciously trying to keep their brain in that discovery mode Now the way Derek does it is that you will be they're having fun with friends doing something he's in or just approaching all of those girls make sure that you don't get caught all night just having fun with your friends。

But it is a completely viable way to get into that discovery mode to have friends around。

 to be joking with them。 And then when you see a girl not hesitating and just going up to her immediately。

 Next part of overcoming initial resistance。 Stop making meaning out of things。

 I see this all the time on boot camp。 We will push a guy to go talk to a girl。

 And he will automatically become an expert in those other people's lives。 Oh， she's not interested。

 That guy's her boyfriend。 Ba things will happen。 She doesn't look like she's looking for any。

 E cetera， et cetera， et cetera。Now， I want you to think about your chosen profession and how often people who speculate about that profession are frequently wrong。

 I know for my profession， most people outside of that profession that just have random wild opinions on the details of that。

 usually have no idea what they're talking about。 And so I will explain to these bootcm students is。

 The chances of you being an expert in that person's life。

 is about the chance of someone who is never read a book being an expert in your profession。

 which is0。 You are not an expert in these people's lives。 people are meaning making machines。

 they will make meaning out of any random stimulus they see and their meaning that they make is usually wrong and based on nothing。

 Go find out for yourself。 realize that you are making meaning in things that you are not an expert in and that you actually have no idea what you're talking about。

 Next， video game model。 A lot of times what I will tell students is that being out is essentially like a video game。

 Was that mean is that nothing。That happens here is really going to affect their lives and nothing that happens here is really going to affect your life。

So you can have an interaction with someone that doesn't really go that well。 Gues what dude。

 This girl's not even going remember that5 minutes later。

 And you are not going to remember that the next day。

 So while it's not a video game as in you can't actually punch someone in the face and expect it not to affect your life。

 It might as well be a video game。 Most people in a club or a bar。 look， they're drinking。

 They're having fun。 They're listening to music， They're dancing。

 they are not ruminating on every person that talks to them。 So you can think of it。

 almost as a consequencefr zone。 This is not mean break the law or do anything in appropriate。

 but assuming that you are just going up and talking to people， really。

 they are not that many consequences。 So think of it almost as a video game。 Lastly。

 you can only change an emotion through action。 Ill see a lot of guys。

 you will tell them to go approach。 And they will just stand there。

 And I know exactly what's going on in their head。 They are trying to think their way out of that anxiety that they are feeling。

 but that is impossible。 the only way that you can change an emotion is through。

Action so just start walking what I will tell students and what I suggest you do。

 you find yourself in this frozen mode， just concentrate on putting one ft in front of the other and then once you get there。

 you will probably think of something to say next part of getting rid of approach anxiety。

 getting rid of that after approach residue So for this you have to understand how our brain encodes memories because what I will see is a lot of guys in the club they will get into these downward spirals so they will start approaching they will personalize the approach。

 they'll be like oh I got rejected and when they go into the next approach they're feeling negative so obviously they get rejected again and then it's just this like downward spiral the entire night of just awfulness so bear with me at for a second because I'm gonna talk a little bit about how memories are encoded in your brain and why this happens。

Your memory has two parts。 Your shortter memory， which can hold five to 7 items or things and your longterm memory。

 which attaches thoughts and emotions to any random memory that you have。

 So your short termm memory only really lasts for somewhere between 2 to4 minutes。

 And during that two to4 minutes， we are contextualizing and actually changing that memory and encoding how it is going to be remembered in your longter memory？

 Well， why is this important， Because if you have an interaction， And then afterwards。

 you are telling yourself， Oh， that went terrible， that was awful， that was so painful。

 that was the worst thing that's ever happened to me， Well。

 what are you telling your longterm memory about what happens when you approach， Also。

 how are you priming your instincts for later in the night when you want to approach again。

 What you are doing is essentially creating a negative anchor and negative emotions attached to all the right action that you're taking。

 The way to overcome that is to consciously take charge of this memory encoding process。

So how do we do that Well you give yourself a little reward for the right action that you are taking So let's say that you approach and it's neutral。

 you know， she needs to go to the bathroom or anything， which by the way is in a rejection。

 that's just something that happens in a conversation。 guysy always say that that's a rejection。

 but you go， you approach， she says， oh well， I need to go to the bathroom and bla， blah。

 blah and you say， oh， she rejected me bla， blah instead say， you know what。

 I approached I'm being a boss I'm awesome。 I did the right action。 yeah。

 you get that little dopamine hit。 you get that little positive connotation attached to that action gets encoded into your longterm memory and now your brain is primed to approach again。

 this seems small， but I have seen the guys that do this consistently do very。

 very well throughout the night and the guys that don't do this consistently do worse and worse。

A lot of guys like to talk about naturals and why a natural is so good at what he does。 Well。

 the reason a natural is so good is because every time he's taking that little action。

 every time he is approaching， he's giving himself positive feedback。 So his longter memories。

 all of his longterm memories are either he just doesn't even remember the interaction。

 or is just like， yeah， that was hilarious。 I was being a fucking boss， et cetera， et cetera。 Now。

 how do we get that longterm winning memory while also not becoming homeless and just thinking everything that we do is great。

 Numb one， this is a technique that is specific to approaching and specific to the club。

 So if you are fucking up in your real life and doing drugs or something。

 don't just tell yourself you're doing awesome。 This is something specifically that will help you get into state that will help you attach positive emotions to approaching and not something that you should necessarily use every time you take an action that doesn't go well。

 Number two， realize that strategy is something that needs to be thought of later in game。

 If you're constantly thinking about strategy， constantly thinking about， oh， what would she。

Thinking constantly thinking about， oh， did this go well， Did this go badly。

 What do I need to do different If you're thinking about that stuff in the club。

 you're shooting yourself in the foot because you are getting yourself out of that discovery mode。

 Think about strategy afterwards。 Remember when I was talking about learning how to learn。

 We think about what went right and what went wrong afterwards And we focus on long term feedback not necessarily short term feedback。

 Short term feedback should be you rewarding yourself for that approach and will get rid of that after approach residue。

 Now， we're gonna talk about the general frames of how you want an open to go。 N one， honesty。

 This is one of the biggest parts of Derek's boot camp and something that we really hammer home to boot camp students。

 A lot of times your friend will tell you， let's say a line that is worked for you and you'll go up and you'll use that line and it won't go anywhere。

 Well， why is that happening。 because she can tell by your subcommunications they're not actually being authentic and actually being honest。

 Let me tell you about how I see honesty。 I want。Every person that talks to me in any context in any situation in my life to know exactly who I am within five minutes of meeting me。

 If not that， I want them to know within a minute of meeting me within 30 seconds of meeting me。

 I want to inject so much of my personality， my opinions on things， my values。

 who I am into the interactions I have with other people that they can either choose to be with me and think I'm awesome or fuck off and go find someone else that is better for them。

 In reality， I view this as doing them a favor。 And I wish people did this with me。

 I want someone to be able to self-select in or self-select out And so I've built that honesty muscle very。

 very strongly for myself。 And Derek has to。 So what does this mean in practicality。

 This means going up， saying the first thing that's on your mind what you actually think。

 we will do an exercise on boot camp where we will have each student say three things that are essential really core opinions of theirs that they usually would not say in public and they would usually not say to a stranger。

😡，These are often very unpC things， just things that they believe but maybe no one else believes。

 and I will say three very harsh things， Derek will then say three very harsh things and then we'll turn to the students and you know what type of stuff they say they say。

 well， my honest opinion is that I really love my family。Fuck you。 Everyone loves their family。

 That is not an honest opinion of yours。 You are just trying to fit in。 Another thing that they do。

 They will actually just repeat what we said our honest opinions。

 but in a way that's different enough to sound like it's their opinion。

 I don't want you to be doing either of these。 Do not succumb to just saying things that everyone will agree with and that does not show your personality at all。

 Also do not succumb to just trying to be derek， trying to be Sean because that doesn't work either because it's not actually honest。

 We're going talk about something called honest signals later。

 but basically girls can tell when you are doing something that is contrived。

 And the way that we deal with that is by doing things that are essential。

 It's the opposite of contrived。 So for you， I want you to start writing down what your real opinions are on things。

 what kind of things you actually believe。 and then I want you to start saying them in interactions。

 And when someone says their opinion， give your real opinion back， you are doing them a favor。

 I promise you。 You are。😡，Allowing them to either leave and find someone that is better for them or for you guys to really have a strong connection based on authenticity。

Next frame， entitlement。Now， a lot of people talk about， well， you know。

 in order to get that really hot girl， you need to feel entitled。 And that's true。 However。

 I don't think guys realize what entitlement actually means。

 A lot of guys believe that entitlement is this feeling of excitement。

 It's a feeling of going up to her and knowing that you could have her。 It's this thought of yes。

 I am awesome。 And I deserve this。 And I am good enough， I am strong enough， blah， blah， blah。

 I'm the best， and this is what I deserve。 Well， if you think about the things you actually feel entitled to in life。

 you're really not going through that process at all。 Think about how you talk to your little sister。

 Think about how you talk to， let's say an employee。 Think about how you talk to a doorman。

 someone you just don't feel anxious around at all。 I'm willing to bet。

 that instead of feeling really pumped up， you are actually feeling and thinking nothing。

 when I am talking to a family member that I've seen a thousand times before。

 I'm talking to my best friend。 I'm not really thinking or feeling。😊，Anything。

 And so you have to understand entitlement is actually a lack of feeling is a lack of thought。

 And that is what's going through our minds when we start these interactions。

 So instead of trying to get yourself pumped up or start thinking things about how you deserve her really just allow yourself to realize that this is a situation that is not gonna affect your life and that there's really not anything to feel or think about。

 you're just walking up to someone that is your equal next frame a lot of guys go out and they have this intense prerogative in their head that they are there to get a girl and what happens。

 well， they get approach anxiety because you know they're not doing their stated goal or they will go talk to a girl and will come off as just kind of needy it will come off as like a little bit more full on and essentially they will just have a very unfn night They'll feel approach anxiety。

 their opens won't go anywhere really the frame that you should be having when you go out for the night is that you're just there to see what kind of fun you can have You're just there to fuck。

To socialize， to amusese yourself， to tell jokes just to see what kind of mischief you can get yourself into on that particular night when you take a bit of that prerogative out of the equation and just make it about having fun and that is actually a big realization I had I realize that when I'm there to work on talking to girls know nothing really fucking happens when I'm there to just like go out and have fun and I just don't even care tonight and I'm just gonna joke around with my friends I'm still gonna take the action right you have to have that part of the equation but I'm really just there to have fun fuck around those are the nights when I do the best。

😡，So remember to not make this too serious of a task。

 Girls really don't give a shit about your selfhelp journey。 You know。

 they don't give a shit about what your goals are。 They just want someone to have fun with。

 And if you can have fun and just have kind of this carefree irreverent attitude。

 Your approaches will go a lot better。 Next frame。 First five minutes is all about offering value。

 or I think a better phrase and offering value is just expressing value。

 Off value is something that can get rejected。 expressing value is really something that is just going everywhere。

 You're just expressing it to the entire world。 Was this mean， Well。

 there's that old adage that you have to do 90% of the talking first five minutes。

 I think that's very true。 The other part of it is just expressing yourself to the hilt， having fun。

 and then making sure that you are not going up and expecting her to carry the conversation and her to add energy to the conversation in the first five minutes。

 Last frame of opening。 cuttingtting out unnecessary logic。

 You have to remember that you are speaking to the person within the person you are talking to。

 What that mean。Well， you're not speaking to their neocortex。

 which is the part of our brain that makes all the decisions。

 You're speaking to their emotional mind， their amygdala， their inner lizard brain。

 I have a story about this， actually， that really illustrated this point for me So I was on a plane actually。

 I think coming back from a boot camp。 And I was in the middle seat in one of the rows。

 I remember there is a bro on either side of me just like a really drunken bro guy and then a hot girl on the other side of me。

 and I SAT down basically put my head down to go to sleep because I'd been up for days helping boot camp clients and pulling multiple girls。

 And so basically all I wanted to do on this plane was sleep。 So I put my head down。

 And as I was going to sleep， I remember the bro on the other side of me started hitting on the hot girl on the other side of me And the stuff he was saying。

 was just stupid He'd be like， hey， how was your trip。And she'd be like， oh know， its fine。

 He's like， yeah， that's cool。 I had a lot of beer。 And I remember thinking as I was falling asleep。

 what a fuck retard， this is never going to work。 So I wake up。

 I get my stuff and I start walking out of the plane。

 And I look back as I'm walking through the corridor。

 And I see that the guy and the girl are now holding hands and looking at each other in a way that is suggestive that there is romantic things happening。

 And I remember being so surprised because this guy was essentially saying one or two word phrases that had no logic to them whatsoever。

 However， the way that he was saying these things， projected confidence projected。

 knowing who he is projected， not really caring what the girl's response was。

 And so he was able to talk to that inner mind， which is the part of our brain that is responsible for attraction。

 he was able to talk to that inner mind to the girl and eventually make good things happen for him。

 So do not for a second， think that anything that you say logically is going to。The girl。

 It all has to be focused on that inner part of their brain and focused on their emotions。

 Next part of opening。 What do I actually say， This is the main thing that guys ask us some bootc。

 What do I say when I actually go talk to the girl。 Well， why is this guy even asking this。

 Do you think he has to ask himself， what do I say， when he's around his best friend。

 Do you think he has to ask himself， what do I say， when he's talking to his little brother。 No。

 in that situation， he's just saying exactly what he is thinking， for each person。

 there is kind of a filter between what they are thinking and what they are speaking。

 When you are around someone that's already accepted you， your best friends， Well。

 that filter is basically nonexistent when you are around， let's say your boss or in an interview。

 that filter is pretty goddamn strong。 So the habit that we want you to get into I that immediately when you think something。

 you say it。 And guess what？ you're not really going to be able to just pull this out in the club。

 This is something that you're gonna have to be able to do throughout the rest of your life。As well。

 when you think something you say it， when you think something you say it， this has to be a habit。

 And so then when you are thinking about， oh， what do I say。

 you no longer have to worry about that little filter thats stifling all of your thoughts because you've already gotten rid of it。

 Another thing with what do I say。 I talked earlier about how I want people to know who I am very。

 very quickly。 Well， one thing that I saw Derek do extremely well is what I call sharp ends forward。

 He will actually express the most extreme and the most potent parts of his personality immediately when talking to the girl because he wants her to select in or select out。

 So remember when I was talking about honesty thinking about the most essential opinions of who you are。

 the darkest jokes。 the most non PC opinions。 Well。

 you want to put that at the forefront of your games that these people can get to know you immediately。

 you are declaring your intentions from the beginning。 a little example。

We were in Minneapolis a couple years ago。 And this boot campt student of ours who had talked to maybe five girls in his entire life。

 was telling us that direct game would never work。 And he was really convinced of this and you trying to lecture us on why this stuff would never work。

 So I figured I'd give him a little bit of an example。 I went up to a girl。

 and I said something like you and I would make beautiful Jew babies together。 She starts laughing。

 she starts cracking up， immediately hugs me。 We start hanging out。 He had the same sense of humor。

 same values， ended up going home， having a great time together next day， I wouldn't talk to Derek。

 he told me that when the student was watching us， and we told them specifically to watch me do this。

 he couldn't even look at me， he had it so in his head that this direct stuff would never work。

 that this honesty stuff would never work。 that he couldn't even look at what we were doing。

 And that's the mode that most guys are in when you go up and you put these sharp parts of your personality first。

 when you say them either immediately， you say your intentions immediately。

Or at least put it within the first five minutes。 You will get amazing results。 Now。

 you don't want to polarize just for the sake of polarizing because that's not actually you。

 And we'll talk about that a little bit later。 But you do want to figure out what your favorite jokes are。

 what you think would be most amusing， what your real opinions about the world are。

 And you want to say that immediately， those are great， great openers。Next， what do I say？ Well。

 we talked a little bit about that thought speech pipeline。

 A way to decrease that pipeline over time。 besides just building that habit is to focus on presence。

 What is presence is just a deep engagement in what you are doing and what you are saying long term。

 That means meditating， reading books like Ehar told where he talks about really。

 the only access you have your life is the current moment。

 you want to start building that habit and those neural pathways of being present to what you are doing at old times。

 What will this do for you， Well， as I discussed in the last chapter， it will get rid of thinking。

 oh， what could happen bad if I say this， and it will stop you from creating those negative memories just saying what you really believe。

 Because you're not contextualizing those memories of， oh， I said this that was bad。

 I'm a bad person。 shame， shameme， shame because you're not contextualizing those memories you start to not feel anxiety around just free flowing。

 saying exactly what you mean and getting that thought。Speech filter to disappear。

 Last thing on what do I say。 So I talked about this a bit in the last chapter。

 but one thing me and my buddy will do is we will write down the things that we thought were most funny。

 Why are we doing this not to impress the girl， But because we know if we look back on those。

 they'll be primed in our head。 And then we can go out and get into state quicker。

 So a lot of those things that we find hilarious that we just say off the fly。

 We will then prime them in our head by looking back at them， writing them down。 and then over time。

 really， you have 50 things off the top of your head that are hilarious that make you laugh that you can say in any interaction。

 Now， let's get into technical stuff。 How should it actually look from the outside。 Well。

 you know what a good approach looks like。😊，It looks exactly the same as let's say a guy going up to a group of girls he already knows。

 It looks exactly the same as a person walking back from the bathroom and just going up to their friend。

 In other words， doing a direct line to where they are and just start talking to them。

 Do not do this thing where you try and curve around the group like some sort of weird ballistic missile or where you hesitate the way that a good interaction works is really just walking straight up to them。

 That's why we never get called out onqu， unquote， Ga。

 because it really just looks like we're just going up to someone we already know。

 In other technical thing。 Subcommunications。 guyss worry about this a lot。

 And it is actually very important by want to make it clear exactly what good subcommunications look like。

 There are only three things that you have to worry about with subcommunications。 First is voice。

 and this really has three parts to it。 Numb one， a downward tonality Was that mean it's exactly how I'm talking to you right now。

 It's how your boss talks you。 As opposed to an upwardity。

Which is how people talk to someone they consider an authority。 How are you。

 What would you like to order， You want that downward tonality because it projects certainty。 Second。

 lower part of the range of your voice。 This is the way that guys that are confident， Natural talk。

 Everyone has a range。 So I'm not saying like artificially make your voice as little as possible。

 but just talk in the natural， lower part of your range of voice。 Third part， vocal projection。

 I see all sorts of guys。 This is their biggest， biggest problem。 The girl can't hear them。 A simple。

 simple way to fix this。 breathe out while you are talking。

 There's a lot of ways that you can look up to project your voice。

 but this is the one thing that I've seen that is help people the most。 Just breathe out。

 breathe your stomach in and breathe out while you are talking。 Itll fix this problem immediately。

 Second subcommunication。 eye contact。 This is very important。

 And it's something that I think a lot of guys get confused about。

 So a lot of guys that will read about Derek， and they'll read that he has really intense eye contact。

And so then they'll go up to these girls， and their eyes will be wide。

 and they look just anxiety stricken， but they're gonna just look her in the eyes by any means possible。

 And it comes off as unbelievably creepy。 The way Derek actually looks people in the eye And the reason it's so powerful is because it is just relaxed and steady。

 So how does this look， Well， it's the same way as if you are staring at a wall。 There's no anxiety。

 There's no wide eyes it is just relaxed and steady。 Third part。 congruent。

 A lot of guys worry about all these little things with subcommunications。 are my pupils dilated。

 Do I have the right posture。 how far apart are my feet， It is a bunch of goddamn nonsense。

 The only other thing that you have to worry about。

 and this will fix everything else is being congruent。 This is a big part of subcommunications。

 being congruent just means speaking from the emotional state that you're in。

 So if you're in a bad mood， speak from the bad mood。 If you're excited。

 speak from a place of excitement。 A lot of body language， little things that guys worry about。😊。

The reason why it doesn't look good is because theyre spending all this extra energy trying to speak from a state that they are not in。

 so they'll try and sound excited。 They'll try and sound cool if they don't feel cool at that particular moment。

 Just pick whatever emotional state that you're currently in and speak from there and all the rest of your subcommunications will be solved。

 another technical thing。 And this is small， but it's something I've seen pretty much every guy who's really。

 really good with girls do。 You want there to be a certain flowing and nonbreaking frame to the way you speak。

 How' does it sound Well， essentially sounds like someone who's stoned。

 So you'll see a lot of guys who are new to this。 And they'll talk to you kind of like I'm talking to you now。

 maybe a little bit less excited， but they'll talk to their friends like， oh yeah， man。

 yeah that was a good time。 Yeah， Yeah， it was fun。 All right， I'm gonna go approach this girl。

 Hey girl， how's it going b b right， it was completely incongruent with how they normally sound。

 and they are essentially breaking their frame while they're speaking because they're trying to。

Get into a mode that they think the girl will like。 You know how the flow of your voice should sound。

 It should sound exactly the same as when you're talking to your friends or anyone else for that matter。

 Don't try and put on this like your voice gets higher and youre all excited and you're speaking super fast。

 Just talk exactly the same that slow steady pace as when you're talking to your friends You' sound like this。

Yeah， man， yeah， that was that was a cool situation。 Yeah， that was fun。 alright， just a second。Hey。

 whereo。Yeah， we just got to this bar， fun times。To make a Jew baby with you。 blah，h， blah， right。

I've noticed Deerrek， his voice sounds exactly the same in almost any context。

 He's not breaking any frame， and he's not breaking the flow that he would normally talk in for anyone。

 Two more technical things。 One breaking threads。 I see a lot of new guys They will go up and they will start talking about something initially。

 which is great。 But then they will stay on that thread forever。 So they'll be like， yeah。

 I used to work at a flower shop。 I really like daffodils， blah， blah， blah flowers。 blah， bla。

 blah flowers。 That's not the way that you talk to someone when you're relaxed。

 and it's not the way you talk to someone when you're connected to them。

 When you're connected to someone。 You naturally go over a variety of topics very quickly。

 and one thing just sort of jumps from another。 So this is called breaking threads。

 start talking about one thing and start talking about another。

 don't get caught on any one thread when you're opening。😊，I see a lot of guys。

 They will learn certain moves。 They will learn openers。 and these openers would be fine。

 and maybe they even are honest to who they are。 but they will do this weird little thing that doesn't make it work。

 They will go up to the girl， they'll say the opener and then they will look at her for the reaction Like they're trying to figure out in real time。

 Oh， did it work and comes up as quite odd。 So if I go up to you and I say， yeah。

 we would make beautiful Jew babies。What， what do you think of my line。 What do you think。

 What do you think， I'm staring at you waiting for your reaction。

 That's not the normal way that you would talk to someone you're confident around。

 And that's not the way that you should talk to girls。 If you're gonna say something。

 immediately roll it under with something else。 Just keep that flow going。 Keep the flow。

 The saying that you would talk to someone else。 But keep it a steady stream of your own thoughts。

 Don't be looking for how it affected the interaction。 Now。

 just a few common mistakes that I tend to see weak after weekend with opening。 Numb one。

 not be lining to the girl。 Remember， they， you know hover around the girl like some heat seeking Miss and then eventually approach。

 you want that direct line to the girl。 Don't be the guy that does the walk around。 Number two。

 not squaring up as in they will approach the girl from the side。

 and that'll just be like talking into her ear or even worse， talking to her from behind。 Really。

 you want to just be talking to her。 Should aligned with her shoulders。

 hips are aligned with her hips。 So you're just talking right in front of her as opposed to。

The side numberumb3， waiting for her to say things constantly that just shows a lack of certainty。

 And you once again， you're peeing off of her to tell you who you are。

 just keep that steady stream of your opinions， your stuff coming。 Eventually。

 she will start adding in her own stuff。 Numb 3。 And this is very important。

 polarizing just for the sake of polarizing。 So there's this common progression。

 I see a lot of new guys go through， They will start off and their super timid。

 Then they will learn about RSD， and they will maybe listen to a few of Derek's recordings。

 And then they will start polarizing， which is saying things that might be a little bit on PC saying things that are more their true opinions。

 and they will see that it works。 And then they get into their mind that they should just be saying extreme polarizing things all the time。

 and they just become this ubiquitously polarizing caricature of a person。 Now。

 what is a similarity between a guy who just polarizes all the time。And a guy who is super timid。

 The similarity is that they are both not being themselves。

 and they are both not comfortable with themselves。

 A guy who is just comfortable with themselves who is just expressing himself。

 He will just naturally say some things that are polarizing some things that are normal。

 some things that are in between。 He will oscillate between all sorts of parts of behavior。

 The guys who only polarize over and over and over。

 is essentially like listening to a piece of music with someone playing the same chord over and over。

 The chord might be good， and it might be great in the context of other chords。

 but if you're just playing that chord over and over， it creates a crap piece of music。

 So don't be the guy who's superpoizing， Don't be the guy who's too timid。

 just be the guy who's him and let those polarizing moments come naturally。 Book recommendation。

 wherever you go there you are by John Cabos in Exercise。

 Write down 10 things that are your honest opinions that you would usually not share with a stranger。

Go out and open using those 10 things。