# 十戒：3 特维斯解读：游戏十诫3.2 特维斯第二节_ev

Commanment 2， thou shalt answer the three sacred questions。

I can humbly say that answering these three sacred questions has by far been the most important exercise I've engaged with in this area of my life。

Furthermore， it has proven to be the most clarifying device to set a clear and firm direction in my life that has LED me to the extravagant lifestyle I enjoy to day and the clarity and direction I will lead in the future。

😊，On one of Derek's elite boot camps。 We have to teach a lot of content that makes incremental improvements to your game。

😊，3% better here，2% better there，10% better there。I can attest that 80% of my results have come from answering these three sacred questions。

Before we get into answering the questions themselves。

 let me explain some foundational principles so that you understand why answering these is crucial to setting the right foundation in success with women and success in your overall lifestyle。

There is a lot of uncertainty in the game， so we will use first principles thinking to understand what is going on at the foundational level and extrapolate upwards to where you are now。

We will start with what we know for certain to start putting together a game plan for your success。

The whole of the universe is made up of tiny molecules that have come together in specific ways。

Some molecules will come together， no matter what。For example。

 table salt is made by the combination of two natural elements， sodium and chloride。

When these two elements combine together， the interaction between them is literally explosive。

Would the result be in a new molecule that we know is table salt。

It is in the nature of these elements to combine， no matter how hard you try to keep them apart。

Take note of this point。Other molecules will not mix。

 no matter how hard you try to put them together。For example。If you try to mix oil and water。

No matter how hard you try， they will simply remain separate。

No doubt there are some chemistry nerds that are listening in right now and know that it is possible to mix oil and water。

 But what the rest of the world should know is that it is only possible in extreme conditions that are very energy intensive and with processes that could be quite expensive。

Likewise can be said about very energetically expensive processes applied to sodium and chloride to keep them separate。

It takes so much energy because it is going against the true nature of these elements。

The takeaway is simple。It is simply in the nature of some molecules to combine。

 and it is in the nature of other molecules to stay separated。

These laws are universal and predictable。In fact， they are the same laws that govern the attraction and repulsion between human beings。

It is in the nature for some men to be with certain women。

 and it is in the nature of these same men to be far away from other women。

You might think this thought is far fetched， but the same way that a macroeconomy is made up of a series of microeconomic transactions。

 or a computer is made up of a series of smaller computers performing each their own specific tasks。

 U humans are made up of a highly complex series of chemical reactions。

 interacting with other humans made up of their own highly complex series of chemical reactions。

 and we， too， are subject to the same laws as these reactions。

It is natural law and the nature of men and in the nature of women to have sex。

Just as they have for hundreds of thousands of years。

It is no accident that we describe the interaction between men and women as chemistry or attraction。

However， the same laws still apply。No matter how hard you try。

 there are some women that will be attracted to you simply because you are you。

 and there are some women that will not be attracted to you simply because you are you。

When the wrong man is presented to the wrong woman。

 there are no conditions in which they will meet eye to eye and will forever remain separate。

 like oil and water。For example， there's nothing that a hedgehog can do to have sex with an eagle。

There's nothing wrong with the hedgehog， nor with the eagle。 They are just not the right match。

You might say， but Travis， I'm a hedgehog， and I want to have sex with an eagle。

 Are you saying that I can't have sex with an eagle。

I am here to say that you will not have sex with an eagle。At least not under extreme circumstances。

 It's oil and water。 They will simply not mix together。

I would even argue that you've been misled somewhere if you're trying to have sex with eagles or perhaps you are an eagle。

 but you're dressed up as a hedgehog。We'll solve this problem in this commandment。

 and in commandment 5。For sex to happen， three elements are required。The right man。 The right woman。

And the right circumstances between them。Some people have come to believe that the game is just having the right circumstances。

 which means using some technique you read somewhere or reciting a predefined script or routine written by someone else。

But if you give the wrong man the right means， the right means will work in the wrong way。

All the good game and tactics in the world will not matter if you're talking to the wrong woman。

It was over before you even started。Furthermore， it will not matter if you even did convey to the wrong woman that you were the right man。

 because you are not indicating the core fundamental nature of who you really are and are confusing her into believing you are the wrong man。

Or maybe you have not screen to see if she is the right woman。

 So you have a false positive if you decide to spend more time with her or a false negative if you decide to leave her too soon before learning more about who she is。

On and on， you'll walk through the world through a haze of frustration。

 wondering what the hell is wrong with you and what you are doing when the real issue is that you haven't clarified who you are being at your fundamental core。

😡，You'll also walk through the world frustrated with other women around you。

 wondering what is wrong with all of them。When it is only that you haven't gotten clear about who is the right woman and who is supposed to be with you。

Until you have an understanding of who you are at a fundamental level and until you have an understanding of the right type of woman for you at the fundamental level。

 the game can neither begin nor proceed without immense pain and frustration。Therefore。

 we must develop a clear， personalized vision of who we are。

 what we want and the right type of woman for us by answering these three sacred questions that Drek had developed many years ago。

By answering these questions in a very focused and engaged manner。

 you will dig deep and descend into the depths of your own psychology to understand the core of who you really are。

 what you really want and the type of woman that you will be looking for out in the world。

These three questions are sacred because they are your personal keys to understanding the sacred knowledge that will be known only to you now and forever。

So without further ado， I present you with the three sacred questions。The questions are， as follows。

1。😡，What kind of man am I。2。😡，What kind of life do I want to live。And3。

Who are the ideal companions for that life。Listen again， how I emphasize these certain words。

 each of these questions。It is important to pay close attention to every word in each question。

 because they are oftentimes initially misconstrued。1， what kind of man am I。t2。

What kind of life do I want to live。And3。Who are the ideal companions for that life。

Let me explain them each in detail why they are important and how you will go by answering them for yourselves。

Question one， what kind of man am I。Do not be mistaken。 This is not a noble question。It is not。

 what kind of man do I want to be。We're talking about the man that you are and the man that you will always be。

It is not。 What kind of man do I think I am。We are talking about what is true and discarding what is false。

It is not。 What is the best version of myself。This is about coming to terms with a brutally honest f。

 both positive and negative， neither of which should be ignored。Nor is it。

 What kind of man does the world think I am。This is about objective truth and not what someone has told you about you。

Women are attracted to men who stand out in a positive way。

Where men have the unique challenge of having to approach women in the first place。

 women face a challenge of choosing the right man， and it is far easier to choose a man that stands out from the other men that she has to choose from。

It is a paradox of choice and action。More options equates the less choices。

Consider when you have walked into a clothing store to buy a pair of jeans。

 only to find that there is every shade of color， trim， cut， style and size imaginable。

 It's overwhelming and making the decision even more difficult， if not impossible。

Even though women have more choices than men do， since hundreds or thousands of men will approach an average woman in your lifetime。

 she finds it difficult to say yes to any of them simply because they are so similar to one another。

Regardless of whether she is talking to the right man or not。

 or regardless whether you are the right man or not。

 she will be more inclined to choose a man who stands out from the other man。

In order to achieve greatness， you will have to have the courage to stand out and be seen。Otherwise。

 you will enter the mentality of the herd。Fit in。 Stay safe。 Don't stand out。

The herd mentality is the danger of dangers because of its ability to seduce those who are anxious and fearful in the face of uncertainty and isolation。

 Oftentimes， the uncertainty and isolation associated with striving for greatness。😰。

It promises safety and security at the cost of the greatness you pursue。

No matter what success with women or any other area of your life。

It is a clear violation of commandment 1。To stand out from this herd mentality。

 you have to start by humbling yourself and answering this question in the most objective way as possible。

 What kind of man am I。People have a strong tendency to lie to themselves with this question。

 both in the positive and the negative。It is not an opportunity to write。 I'm the best。

 because I'm me。Nor is it an opportunity to say， I'm a loser and will always be that way。

These are things that you are able to change。 We are looking for the attributes about you that will always stay the same and always be true。

 no matter what。Think back to the molecules that will come together no matter what。

It is in their nature。You cannot change their nature。

You have to trust that embracing your true nature will improve your overall attraction to other women。

As an added bonus， you will have to trust it even with embracing the core of your authentic and true identity。

 that your overall attractiveness to the whole of the female population will go up as well。

Even though you might think that you are reducing your ability to relate to most of these women。

More on this later， But youll have to trust me and Derek in this process。

It has worked for thousands of clients on these boot camps， and it's gonna to work for you， too。

This is an opportunity to make your most objective approximation of who you really are based on your own intuition and experience。

😊，And skipping this step or even worse， lying to yourself will only hurt your results later on。

In order to embrace your core identity， you're going to have to detach yourself from any fake or false aspects of your core character。

Attachment is not bad。But attachment is bad to the extent that you hold on when you are supposed to let things go。

Attachment to who you think you are will be the impediment to enlightenment and embracing your core character。

You will need to burn off your insufficiencies like dead wood is burned off in a forest fire。

 or like a Phoenix is burned to ash only to be reborn so that you may embrace your core identity。

Marie Condo， known from her book， The life changing Magic of tidying Up is a Japanese consultant that helped people clean their rooms and organize their houses。

She had a very unique strategy for getting rid of a piece of memorabilia that the owner had a very tough time getting rid of。

She would ask the owner to look at the object， hold it。

 thank it for the good times it provided and how useful it was and then wish it well and then send it off。

You'll have to examine parts of your personality that you have been lying to yourself about。

Take a look at these lies or coping mechanisms and who you are。 Embrace them。

 Thank them for the service they provided， then burn off these lies about yourself。

 And from the ashes will merge some hidden truth about you。When this emerges。

 be sure to write it down。Write down what is true about who you actually are。Ask more specifically。

 what kind of animal am I。Not literally a specific animal， but ask， what is your true nature。

Under what conditions would be quite a dangerous individual。

You could look at the other humans around you， and you might even think that some of them are different species than you。

Think along these lines。What kind of animal are you。

We answer this question because it gives us a far better understanding of the darker aspects of our human nature。

So that we have it under control instead of it coming out when you are least expecting it。

Frederick Nietzsche once wrote in his work， beyond good and evil。

All psychology so far has got hung up on moral prejudices and fears。

It is not dared to descend into the depths。And it is here that we dare to go down into our personal depths with this simple question。

 what kind of mad am I。😡，Most people do not like what they find when they go down here。

 So why go down there in the first place。There's a Latin phrase popularized by the psychologist Khao Yung。

Instaquillins Inventor。It means in filth， it will be found。

If you found answers in your current conscious mind， you most likely would have found them already。

You have to go to the places in your mind that you hate。 The places that scare you that terrify you。

 that make you anxious。 The places that quite literally disgust you。It is in this filth。

 You'll find the answers you've been looking for this whole time。

This is no different than the archetype of the hero's journey coined by Professor Joseph Campbell。

 where the hero has a call to action to travel to the symbolic underworld。

 conquer the demons down there， and then return to the surface to the old world with newfo treasure to bring new life to a barren land。

Caron again， had called this concept circumabulation。

 a concept where you would have to travel round to the corners of the earth in order to find yourself。

Ultimately， the path to light is dark。And that is why most people will not do this。

You must explore the lightestides and the darkest sidess of your own personal nature。

One cannot be wholly good until he's conquered his own demons， made them one with himself。

If you don't conquer your demons， they will find a way out in the ways that you least want them to at the times that you least want them to。

 and they require an enormous amount of energy to bury them back down。

Consider anything in your own life that brings out these demons。

 Anything that prevents you from moving forward towards your goals。

 Anything that triggers you to be highly emotional or that makes you act in an incongruent。

 self sabotaging or self defeating manner。These are the things that you have not dealt with yet。

 that you have not fully articulated and that have not yet developed a strategy for handling。

These demons and these emotions do not turn into words until you write them down。

 which you will do in this exercise。😡，Many of these emotions are not necessarily repressed。

 You might be LED to believe by some gurus that they are repressed。 But the truth is。

 they were never fully articulated and never had a strategy for processing。

You will develop a strategy and you will develop an articulation over these next couple of questions。

Consider the triggers that put you in a bad mood or makes you act incongruently to your core character。

What does this say about who you are。Write this down。

If you don't know what this says about your court character。

 then just admit you're too stupid to figure it out on your own。

 There's no need in created any more lies。 It's a simple truth。

 You'll just have to go to an expert to help you articulate this in a way such that you can move forward towards the goals that you define for your own。

In fact， half of Derek's boot camp is just helping sort out the nonsense in your own head before even heading out into the real world。

Consider what makes you feel resentful。What does that say about who you are？What do you regret。

What does that say about who you are， Write these answers down。Don't neglect your desires， likes。

 what makes you laugh and the other positive aspects about you。

 But these negative areas are worth addressing you as well， because they're often ignored。

When you consider what makes you emotional or what makes you act in an incongruent way。

 you discover your own hidden values。It is not worth changing these values since they have likely been there untouched for a very long time。

When you respond emotionally to something， both positively or negatively。

 there is some aspect about you in there that is unquestionably true and worth writing down。For me。

 personally， I get very excited when there's a new piece of information I discover that nobody's heard about before。

😊，Which says about me， I am a lifelong learner。 I enjoy learning new information。

I also get quite angry and， quite frustrated when I'm blamed for something that I myself was not able to prevent or fix。

 So what that says about me is that I don't like being held accountable to others people's reckless abandon。

😡，Find your own version。It is important to come to terms with the animalistic side within ourselves。

 This is not something that is possessed only by a few。

 but it exists within every single individual alive to day without exception and has been studied extensively over time by philosophers and psychologists alike。

Frederick Nietzsche called it the beast within。 Carl Yoon called it the shadow。

Sigmund Freud called it the idd。This inter can be characterized by potentially destructive inclinations。

 which can overtake and possess the human being， such as the drive to aggression and unbridled sexual illst。

No matter what you call it， this force is undeniable。

 and you could certainly recognize it in yourself。This force has existed throughout time and will continue to persist because it is the animal that lives inside of us。

And in this animal， it possesses an enormous amount of energy and creativity that could be called upon to help us survive。

😊，This knowledge will prove useful for people that find themselves tired all the time when they have found no answers in their diet。

 exercise and sleeping habits。Well， you see the cost of this energy is an occasional disobedience and disgust。

 but you will develop self reliance。This force manifest as aggression。

 which is not necessarily a bad thing。 It is the force that gives you the ability to plow through some task or mission when energy is either depleted or extra energy is required to get through it。

Ultimately， if this dark part of you remains repressed and tethered。

This energy emerges as anger from the shadow。Aggression， combined with resentment， turns to anger。

 rage， hatred。And ultimately， self destruction。Historically。

 this dark force has been described and characterized negatively。

 since society benefits from each individual behaving accordingly to the rules of society。However。

 in the words of the philosopher， again， Frederick Diche。

 the most short sighted and pernicious way of thinking wants to make great sources of energy。

 those wild torrents of the soul that often stream for it so dangerously and overwhelmingly dry up altogether instead of taking their power into service and economizing it。

Essentially， taking that power and using it for something good。In some。

 these parts of yourself are important to address because it is impossible to respect yourself until you realize how you yourself could be quite an animalistic individual。

 And if you realize these tendencies， you realize that you're somewhat dangerous。

Or maybe even somewhat seriously dangerous。And that you might be willing to demand you treat yourself with more respect。

 And that other people do the same thing。 So that doesn't mean that being dangerous is better than not being dangerous。

 No， what it means is that being able to be dangerous and animalistic and then controlling it is better than leaving that part of you undeveloped。

This is useful when considering your relationship to the things that scare you。

 the things that terrify you， the things that make you afraid。😰。

The way to conquer fear is to become fear。Become something of a powerful and dangerous force so that when the enemy comes knocking at your door。

 you are ready to defend yourself。And you're ready to defend your tribe。If it's not clear already。

 we are talking about some heavy lifting deep hittingtting transformation right here。

This is the task you have to understanding what kind of man that you actually are。

Coming to terms and incorporating all aspects of yourself into your personality。In total。

 you must become familiar with your natural tendencies within yourself to harness that energy in a productive manner。

Harness these archaic， instruments and instincts where the consciousness fails。What kind of man am I。

Ask yourself， what are your natural likes and dislikes， What are your natural tendencies。

 What are your core values， What are your core beliefs。

What are your natural strengths or what are your natural weaknesses。Again。

 what parts of you are always going to be that way， no matter what。

Take some time to understand the darker parts of your natural humor as well and the sharper。

 more disagreeable parts of your personality。 Trust me。

 this has become more useful in commandments 3，5 and 6。

It is important to accept and to know that there are some things that are simply not up to you。

 like the way that you look， the way that you are， your natural gifts and your natural flaws。

Stoic philosopher Epicteus wrote in his seminal work， the Ancaribian。

Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens。

Some things are up to us and some things are not up to us。

 Our opinions are up to us and our impulses， desires， aversions。 In short， whatever is our own doing。

Our bodies are not up to us， nor are our possessions， our reputations or our public offices。

 or that is whatever is not in our own doing。It is important to know that most things are not up to us。

 There is very， very little in which we can control in the universe。

 so we should direct our care and our efforts to the things that we can control。 And as a result。

 we will find more control in our own personal lives。You were born in this body。

 so get used to it or give up completely。 The choice is yours。

The cure for perfectionism is wholeness， not perfection。

 We must understand and embrace all aspects of our nature， both good and bad。 all of our likes。

 our dislikes， tendencies， and accepting the truth of what is out of our control。

I have set the foundation to answering who you are fundamentally and individually to make you stick out from the other men and walk through the world at ease。

 knowing your true individual nature。And the worlds of legendary pianist， felonius monk。

A genius is a one who is most like himself。It is impossible to be someone one else。

 The only pathway forward is to become more like yourself and embrace that personality going forward。

Question 2。What kind of life do I want to live。With question 1。

 you have set the parameters of the cards you have been symbolically dealt。

 The uncontrollable parameters of who you actually are。 And with that。

 you have achieved clarity beyond most of the male population will ever achieve。With question 2。

 you get to take this information and start moving forward。Now， the universe， for whatever reason。

 if any reason at all， decided to give you the body that you inhabit right now。

 with all its unique strengths， flaws， quirks， limitations。And that was a handy adult， accepted。

It would be very helpful to see your body as something that you inhabit。

 Like you are the pilot of some vessel of some aircraft。You are just watching it do what it does。

 all the movements， all the thoughts， all the emotions。Everything else。You're just watching。

If any of you are familiar with the works of Acart Toll， like the power of now。

 you'll know why this approach is useful。There are many bodies like this one， but this one is mine。

We spent question one， essentially identifying what this vessel is。

 That is your body and how it works。Now you have to ask。What do we do with the damp thing。

If it has wheels， it would be best if it did something like driving。And maybe if it had winds。

 it would serve the vessel well to do something like fine。Coincidentally。

 the functions that these vessels are best at performing are also the functions that would make it operate most efficiently。

The meaning of life， I would argue is simply to do what you were built to do。You have hands。

 So you' going to grab things。 You have legs。 So you' going to go walk and run around。

You have a penis and goddam me Oto use that， too。 But if hands grab and legs walk。

 you may be wondering what you are supposed to do。And the answer to that question of what you're supposed to do is exactly what you want to do。

The whole point here is to use the gifts that have been given to you and to do the things that your desires are telling you to do。

 So with this question， we're going to take this vessel into consideration and answer。

 what kind of life do I want to live。This is not what kind of life am my living right now。

 We're talking about what you actually want to do with yourself right now and moving forward。

This is not what kind of life should I live， F should you only get one life。

 And we are living the best time in history right now。 You should do what you want with it。

This is not what kind of life would be most convenient to live。

You'll need to consider your own personal strengths， weaknesses。

 and consider how you'll make an income。 But ultimately。

 you should do what you most want to do no matter your circumstance。And finally， this is not。

 what kind of life does mommy or daddy want me to live。You don't want to violate commandment 1。

 thou shalt accept no false gods before you。It is。 what kind of life do I want to live。

How do you want to spend your time。Studies show that the ultimate fuel of male satisfaction over his lifetime is his labor。

Satisfaction at work is by far the number one thing that makes a man happy。

A man who enjoys what he does， never gets burnt out。In fact。

 he never works a day in his life because it doesn't feel like real work。

 He's simply doing what he does best， like a car that drives or a plane that flies。

That which he is most efficient at， more often than not， is the thing he enjoys most。

When considering what kind of life do I want to live。

 Consider the initial question you have answered， What kind of man am I。

These two questions are meant to be connected。 You have parameters and limitations set by question 1。

Some people think boundaries and limitations are bad。

 but boundaries and limitations are what make castles fortified。

 bank vault secure and art casings bulletproof。What each of these items have in common is that all of the best stuff is on the inside。

 All the most valuable things are on the inside， and that is no different than someone with boundaries and limitations。

If it's not obvious already， this is important for raising your own value。

More to come in commandment time。To find yourself， what kind of life do I want to live taking into consideration the limitations outlined in what kind of man am I。

Personally， I'm probably not going to be an astronaut or a surgeon。 And I'm okay with that。

 One of you guys listing will be instead。Where opportunities like being an astronaut or being a surgeon are lacking。

 freedom of expression takes its place。Many writers were known to have the exact same routine every single day。

 waking up at the same time， wearing the exact same outfit。

 E the same food so that when they SAT down to write。

 all of their creative expression could be poured into their works。In other words。

 discipline equals freedom。You'll notice this when you have deprived yourself of your cell phone when you complete these questions。

You'll see exactly how much creativity you are actually capable of producing。Again。

 take into consideration what kind of man am I。You get to choose how to live your life in response to how you emotionally react to certain situations。

Although you are often not able to control what your emotional responses are。

 you are able to control how you want to behave in that aftermath。When answering。

 what kind of life do you want to live。Answer， what do you do when something makes you angry。😡。

What do you do when you are anxious in the face of proceeding towards some goal， What happens next。

What do you do when you find something funny， What do you do afterwards。

What do you do when a homeless man ask you for money。

What do you do when a girl tells you you're acting weird。 What do you do next。

 How do you interpret that。Define and write down what you do across these situations。

 especially situations that inspire uncertainty and how exactly you should respond and react。

This is very， very important。 This will help reduce a ton of uncertainty and a ton of anxiety from your life。

Create a language for your emotions， the way that you respond to things and a strategy for how you want to live your life in the aftermath。

In addition to defining how you will spend your time and your labor， you will need your mission。

 your core goal， something you are working towards， something you are building。

 something that guides you forward。Although an aircraft is happy to fly。

 a pilot without a destination will continue to fly in circles until he runs out of fuel and crashes。

😊，What is your purpose。What is your mission。What is your organizing idea。From Ekehomo again。

 by Frederick Nietzsche。The organizing idea that is destined to rule keeps growing deep down。

 It begins to command slowly。 It leads us back from the side roads and the wrong roads。

 It prepares single qualities and fitnesses that will one day prove to be indispensable。

 as means toward a whole，1 by one。 It trains all subservient capacities before giving any hint of the dominant task。

 goal， aim or meaning。What you' saying is that it's organizing ideas what guides you back and gets you back towards your North Star。

 it tells you exactly what to do and how to do it and keeps you on your path。About six years ago。

 I met a man who owned a high end coffee joint back in Nashville， Tennessee。

He asked a question theoretically， if you got a phone call from God， would you pick up that phone。

I mean， hell， he's asked people to do all sorts of crazy things。 Build an ark， Save these people。

 Kill your son on the mountain。Well， I picked up that phone。

 and he told me to go make a cup of coffee。 And that's what he does。

If you were to pick up that phone call， what would you be called to do？What is it that deep down。

 you believe that you are supposed to do with your life。From here， you will develop an idea。

This organizing idea or mission harnesses the energy that I discussed from earlier。

 It drives you forward with aggression and urgency when the rest of the world demands if you stay quiet and stay in your lane。

 That energy is harnessed through that organizing idea and will fuel sleepless nights。

18 hour workdays， plowoughing through the night club， despite concert rejection。

 In all the needed creativity。😊，It is exactly how Deerrek and I are able to travel and work tirelessly。

 Despite sleepless nights， multiple product launches。 all again。

 while traveling at runningny boot camp every single weekend。

 It is simply what we are supposed to do。😊，If you have a large goal that you put all of your effort into that consumes your thoughts。

 your concerns， the whole of your mental bandwidth。

How much do you actually care about what some girl thinks of you，If you're scared to talk to a girl。

 that only means one thing。 You need to have bigger goals。😰。

If you're worried about what some girl will say to you， you need bigger goals。

You are seeing things too small time。 We have to get over our small time things by getting focused on the bigger picture。

 the bigger story and your very， very tiny role in that story。

It was only when I exposed myself to the sea that the pond seemed suddenly so small。

This organizing idea or mission call upon a dominant master drive that forms the living center of the psyche and coops all other drives to act in subordination to its end。

This arranges all the impulses towards some heroical， giving meaning to life。

And what's the best way to live？In my analysis， doing the things you're supposed to do when you're supposed to do it。

 whether you feel like it or not。On occasion， you are going to have to do something that you don't like doing as a sacrifice to accomplishing your goal or your mission。

You will have to sacrifice what you want to do in the short term to make room for success in the long term。

It is in this question， what kind of life do I want to live。

 that you get to choose your own suffering as well。

Suffering here means the difficult tasks accepted for the sake of your desire。

 but also the painful awareness of other roads not taken。

You're going have to make a trade off your short term motions for your long term outcomes。

To live without choosing your suffering is not a life to live。

 That's a travel brochure to want something means you're willing to do what it takes to have it。

 And it's important to outline what you plan to sacrifice to get what you want。

I may be very exhausted on occasion， but I much rather do this than wake up at 6，30 every morning。

 climb through traffic only to offer fake smiles to people I don't even like。

 You may be wondering what to do if you don't know what your mission is。

 if you don't know what your mission is or that organizing idea or you don't know what you're supposed to do with your life。

Pick the one that seems most important to you right now and start it immediately。

This seems like a very flippant strategy for a decision that seems so important。 After all。

 deciding what to do with your future just might be the most important decision of your life。

First off。That needs your decision to just pick the most important thing。That came from somewhere。

 It came from your instincts。Your instincts are very， very smart。

 and you will need to learn how to trust them when you're out in the club and talking to women。

 So this is a good first start。Secondly， even if you knew what your mission was。

 the first thing you picked would almost certainly be the wrong thing because you're just too stupid to know if you got it right。

You have to go out。 You have to learn about it， find out what you like most about it and get rid of the things you like least。

 It's not a waste of time because you have to make mistakes in order to learn。 Remember， fail fast。

 fail often。 For this reason， It is exactly why you should start immediately。

 because there is a lot of learning to do before you discovered how you pick the wrong thing and what the next mission should be。

 Where do you go after that。Find a mentor in this area you are trying to pursue whatever that first thing might be and pay him for his advice so you could waste no time to start learning this immediately。

 the same way that you did for this program right here。If you aren't willing to be a fool。

 you can't be a master。 And if you don't know this by now。

 you will very soon learn this lesson when you are talking to these women。 So just embrace it。

The good news is that all the best guys mess up a ton。

 All the most successful entrepreneurs mess up a ton。

 So embrace it and take the lessons moving forward。😊，With this in mind， pursue your dreams。

 be selfish about answering this question。 Be very， very selfish。

 Purue the mission that you could be the very best in the world at。

 Purue the thing that you enjoy doing the most and pursuing the thing that you could make money while accomplishing。

😊，If you don't pursue your dreams， then nobody else will。Question3。

Who is the ideal companion for that life。90% of the game is going to be facing rejection。

 And that is because most of the time you're talking to the wrong woman。

If you' are talking to the wrong woman， the woman who is like oiling water to you。

 then there is no going forward。 The game is ended。 Have yourself a mini celebration， accept reality。

 and move on。It is important to know that you can't blame yourself for the girl being the wrong girl。

You were an eagle。 She was a hedgehog。If not her， then someone one else。You gave her the chance。

 and she closed the door。It is no act that when Derek or I see a pretty girl。

 our very first sight is almost always。 she's pretty。 I hope we get along。

There are pretty girls everywhere all over the world。

 We just have to find the ones that are the right woman。The question we are asking now。

 who is the ideal companion for that life is how to find the right woman for you。

It ist who is the ideal companion for me？We don't give a fuck about it if this is the right girl for you。

 Because if you answered that question directly， you would almost certainly be guessing wrong。

 We want the right companion for the life you just defined。😡，It is not。

 Who is the ideal companion for my current life。This may lead to a disastrous result if your current life is what attracts this companion。

You might end up with a lesser quality woman if you are not pursuing the life you want to live。

It is who is the ideal companion overall。There is no ideal companion。

 Derek has always said in his 18 years in the game， he has never found a perfect human being。

 especially not a perfect woman。Nor is it。 Who is the ideal companion for my current family or friend group。

Unless you have clearly defined this in question 2， youll again be attracting the wrong type of girl。

 This only applies if your current family and friend group are important to the life that you want to live。

The question is this。 Who is the ideal companion for that life。

 or even who are the ideal companions plural for that life。

 If you want to use this question to define who should be your business partner。Question 2。

 what kind of life do I want to live I the glue between the right man and the right woman。

When you meet the right woman， she may not be excited about you upon first analysis to her you're just another dick with legs。

 Ba。But when she sees that you are living your life in a way that is congruent to your personality。

 it speaks volumes more to what makes you different and what makes you special。Furthermore。

 by answering， who is the ideal companion for that life。

 you have created space she could be excited about where she can jump in and join you on that adventure。

😊，Remember back to commandment 1 about cause and effect relationships。

 They exist because they are mutually beneficial。The only reason the woman you just met cares about you is that you are living a lifestyle she could be excited to be a part of。

 which is why the question is not who is the right woman or who is the ideal companion for me。

 But rather， who is the ideal companion for that life。

Use your answers from question 2 to help you guide this picture to answer question 3。

 the same way that you use the answers from question 1 to answer question 2。

The image of this companion will emerge quite effortlessly。

 The task is to go find the attractive woman that possesses these criteria that you wrote down for yourself。

Don't be tempted to work backwards by starting with the ideal woman That's question 3 and then defining the life at question 2 and then defining who you are。

 You are at the centre， not the woman。This will lead to disastrous results if we take this path。

Even if you won the affection of a woman in this way， you're going backwards when she leaves you。

 not if when she leaves you， your whole life will come crumbling down because you put her at the foundation。

 not you。Even if you do make it out unscathed， you won't have the slightest idea of who you actually are。

 And you will have to restart this exercise again to rebuild yourself up from the ground up。

The rest of these commandments will now be about connecting you with this woman and building up your own value to help you live your desired lifestyle and find the highest quality version of this woman。

Yes， I know you're here to have 1，8 stands。 I understand。 not fine girlfriends。

 but women tend to have sex with men that they know very well。

 especially the higher quality women that you're talking to。Well， at least the ones they feel。

 they know very well。 And this cannot happen without conveying the information you defined in this commandment。

 especially the sharper ends。Additionally， letting these women know your boundaries is really important for the most attractive women。

More about this in commandments，5 and8。Understand that in your interactions。

 you must convey all of this information， especially the dark humor， especially your sharper ends。

 leaving as little of it behind as you possibly can。If you're listening to us。

 you now no longer get to tell me on boot camp。 Travis， I ran out of things to say。

You will most likely have 60 pages worth of content that you could use immediately to convey personality。

 That's question 1。 Invite her on an adventure。 That's question 2 and screen for the right type of girl。

 That's question 3。😊，If you stick to this content and the girl doesn't get excited about you。

 it is 100 per cent the wrong girl。 and nothing you did wrongly。 And congratulations。

 Now you have saved time and energy to go find the right girl。

 There are millions of women on this planet， and they're all in major cities like New York City。

 Las Vegas， Hong Kong， Sydney， you name it。 She is out there。😊。

The style of game that Dererick teaches on boot camp have come to conclude is not only to provide answers to your questions right now。

 but answers to questions that would otherwise haunt you for a lifetime。For example。

 we screen hard on the front end for all interactions， especially the ones in the nightclub。

 because the same rug flags you ignore in the beginning will be the same ones that lead you to the end of the relationship。

These questions are important because without a clear understanding of who you are。

 How are you supposed to convey this information to the woman in front of you。

 How do you know she is a right woman。This process is how Dererick and I are able to go out to clubs and run boot camp in every city and every country in the world。

 If you don't know who you are and you don't know what you want。

 then your development will not only stagnate， but you will go insane trying to mod and adapt to every time you go to a new environment。

😊，The best way to answer these three questions properly is to lock yourself in your bathroom for the weekend。

 Bing enough food and supplies to last you 48 hours and leaving out any cell phones， any electronics。

 any books or any other distractions， dedicating that time solely to answering what kind of man you are。

 what kind of life you want to live and who is the best companion for that life。You may ask why。

 why lock yourself in the bathroom and be tempted to answer these questions in some other way。

This exercise was the first thing that Derek recommended I do on my very first boot camp。

 And it was the one thing that allowed me to pull and close every single night on my second and third boot camps。

 despite never having pulled from a nightclub in my entire life。

 And I was smart enough to follow exactly the instructions that he provided。😊。

Answer these questions over the weekend。 Lock yourself in the bathroom with some paper， some pens。

 some food， nothing else。The reason why is， you have to lose yourself before you even realize your own value。

 You have to separate yourself from the constant stimulus of your cell phone ringing。

 the advertisement showing the social demands beckoning。It is very hard to see what something is。

 especially when you're pandering to the approval of others。 It's true。

Take control of these 48 hours。 Tell the world you'll be back on Sunday night。

 You're gonna be gone from Friday night through Sunday。

If I had one word of advice on answering these questions based on my own experience。

 don't try to come up with the answers actively。 Simply ask the question in your head or out loud。

 and just wait。Trust your instincts。I've always admired people like Deerk because he trusts his instincts and is oftentimes rewarded by doing so。

 Don't actively search for the answers。 The answers will find you。

When I was only in hour  three of my 48 hour bathroom retreat。I asked what kind of man I am。

 and I waited。The first thing that came to my head， almost like magic was I am a lifelong learner。😊。

I am always sharpening my sword。When I asked what kind of life I want to live。

 the first thing that came to my head was I want to build shit with my friends and take my favorites on adventures。

When I ask， who is the ideal companion for my life。

 the first answer was she loves taking risks and going on adventures。Three years later。

 it is no accident that this is exactly the lifestyle lead today。

Notice how each of these answers are somewhat related and dependent upon one another。

This will happen quite naturally。 Just do the questions in order and let your brain feed to the answers in your quiet isolation。

To conclude this commandment。I call upon you to do， as I， Dererick。

 the assistant team and thousands of clients have done before you to achieve the world renowned results that we espooususe to day and answer these three sacred questions。

Print out your three sacred questions guide book。 Clean your bathroom。

 Prepare some non perishable food items， some water。 Gr your favorite set of pens。

 Gr your favorite writing paper。 Any notes you took from this commandment。Comfortable set of clothes。

 a clock， maybe a pillow and blanket and lock yourself in your bathroom for 48 hours to complete the three sacred Que guidebook。

I recommend Friday night to Sunday night。Leave your cell phone and electronics off and outside。

 You don't need any distractions。In fact， turn off your home internet as well。

Let the world know you are not to be bothered until Sunday night。 This weekend is about you。

Good luck。😊。