# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.5 你传达你的身份个性_ev

Commandment5， thou shalt convey your identity。What will happen if this commandment is disobeyed？

You will miss out on meeting women who would have loved you for you。

You will instead end up with an inferior woman who wishes you or someone else。

The commandment explained。The famous philosopher， Frederick Nietzsche。

Said the surest way to corrupt a youth is to construct instruct him to hold in higher esteem。

Those who think a life than those who think different。🎼Oh这里。

Oil typhoon and philanthropist founder of one of the best art museums on Earth says。

No one can possibly achieve any real lasting success。Forget rich in business。By being a conformist。

And my favorite business philosopher， Drek from RSD， says。For those who are ambitious。

 be unconcerned with both ac compliments or insults from the common man。

Their opinions have little value。After deep contemplation of commandment 1 and especially commandment 2。

You need to go meet potential candidates that might make great short term lovers or great long term partners。

🎼When you lead with the certainty of knowing who you are and what you want。

 you are applying social pressure on others to conform to and often affirm your world view or reject it and move on。

This is called screaming。The goal of screening is not to make everyone play nice with you。

Your goal here is not to have long， dull conversations that go nowhere。

Your goal is to convey enough personality that the sort of person who would naturally be drawn to you would know who you are。

And are capable of complementing you and engaging you in an impassioned way。Guess what？

Not everyone is going to like you。If you do your job well here。

 just as many people who are excited to meet you。And chase after your attention。

We'll be equally excited to tell you to fuck off。Tell you to go home and suck your own dick。

Either way you win。Yeah， I know this is counterintuitive， bear with me here。

You either cut through the mass of time wass and burytos out there。

And promptly schemeed out those who are not compatible with were life plans。

Or you get to celebrate the victory of screening in someone who is delighted to meet a man just like you。

Pgmatic application of this commandment。Stop trying to persuade or convince people to like you。

 do this immediately。Let me talk to you about the difference between marketing and sales。

In the context of pickup， I think of marketing like this。

A good marketer is someone who's making others aware。Of their value proposition。

 their brand identity。The conveniences you could offer them。

The features and benefits of spending time with a person like you。Let's talk about a salesman。

The term salesman even has a negative connotation， salesperson isn't really conveying to people。

Other life might be better off with a certain product service， et ce。

Salesperson is kind of notoriously persuading and convincing you to buy some shit。

You probably don't need， you might not offer a damn bit of utility to your life if you havent。

Don't spend your time persuading and convincing。This is extremely important。

You'll understand better in just a moment。But who spend your time conveing who you are？

What conveniences would be offered to an individual who spent time with you。

 what sort of features and benefits would be added to their lives？

Let's talk about something called a futureture adventureenture projection。

You need to fill in the picture， you need to give the girl understanding。

What it would be like to spend time with you。🎼What would you guys do together。

How would that make her feelal？What would our friends and family think of this？

She perceives to as high value， and they share her goals in value。To call be jealous of her。

 to call it the envious。Think that picture vividly。

 help her to understand the sort of things that you're doing in your life。

The sort of goals that you have， the way that you want to spend time with the woman。

 the things you want to do together， things that you would help her with。Po she learned。

 how would that benefit her， how would that make her feel？What should she be doing？

How would that benefit her？How would that make her feel？

Tuck supposed this against what her life would be like with a normal guy。Full of boredom。

 sexual frustration， and smelly socks。Complete with the toilet seat perpetually raised。

Ps on TV in an utter lack of internal motivation。For the right life for girl。

 that juxtaposition conveys a lot。helpslps her think clearly。

 maybe it helps her understand for the first time。You're not quite like the others。

Suggest to her that other guy， some normal chde， maybe that's more her speed。

For to help her me to showed now， look， there's one。To pick a random showed in the environment。

 offered to introduce her。Cascar would have to show what she likes。You want a stripe shirt Joan。

 I kind of must make an amazing water cooler conversation。

ItMust be really thrill for him to have two cups of coffee a day with his lamb friends at his office China。

Oh look， there's the tattoo showed。Make you guys could get a tattoo on your throats together and make sure you're entirely unemployable and not presentable to take it public by a quality man。

Is that for you？Then go back to talking about yourself。

A sales charge just wastes his time in trying to convince and persuade。

A good marketer doesn't have to。Good marketer educates her about a better option so she can make an informed decision。

He doesn't try to convince her to do something that's not for her。

🎼Make sure you're doing a great job on your marketing。Make sure she understands who you are。

 what you're about， where you've been， what you're doing now， and where you're going。Invaed or along。

 we're in this in commitmentment7。If you have to get into the realm of persuading andconvecing。

It's not clear valuable for her but she's excited to join your party。I damn it get a different one。

 there's a lot of women out there， there's damnm near 8 billion humans on earth。

 half of them are female。You only like 10% of them， that means there's 400 million women out there。

Did be interested in having sex with？Go find one of them， I'm pretty sure they'll like you too。

Remember， just as you wouldn't be friends or allies with the vast majority of men you have met in your life。

 you shouldn't expect everyone one else to want to be friends or allies with you。

It's just a ridiculous idea。This is how a pickup artist thinks。

They want external validation from everyone。Pick a artist wants to be sexually desired by women who he's not even attracted to。

He'd like to know that he could sleep with the old lady that lives across the hall from it。

I'd like to know the handicap person on the subway would like to give him a blow job I'd like to know he could hook up with his own niece for Christ's sake that's not even a joke I've heard these guys talk like this It's just disgusting。

It comes from a foundation of neediness。It's universally unattractive。

It ends in disappointment for all involved。Don't be a damn pickup artist。

 be a man with failure Jeff andSDs had something amazing over 10 years ago。

 I wish I thought of it myself。Jff said you could either work to be an excellent man or an excellent manipulator and take you about the same effort to do either。

When you're an excellent man， C women are excited to come home with you。

They get in your bed and they take their clothes off。And you know what comes next？

When you're simply an excellent manipulator。Maybe you're inspiring short term emotions。

Maybe on occasion， you have the outcome of a sexual pan。But it's never sustainable。

She spends a few hours with you， she sees the holes in your facade， she knows you're full of shit。

She's disgusted with herself， she's disgusted with you， and she wish it never happen。

It's a goddamn ashamed these guys exist。It makes women guarded。

So I think that you and I might be one of them。Till they get to know you better。

The best way to differentiate yourself from these people is to follow the ten Commandments。

Let's talk about target market for a moment。Imagine this。B， you're now the CEO of a Tampa company。

Tampons are your only passion in life man。There's no pads， there's no diversification。

You wake up in the morning thinking about tampons， you go to sleep and beam about them。

 that's what you do。As the CEO of a Tamppon company。

 you're 100% responsible for your marketing budget。Now who is your target market for these taampons。

 where would you spend this marketing money to get the best re on your investment？

But I hope the first thing you think of is， well， I suppose women buy tampons。

Proably I should market my product to women。Well， I think you're right。

You also just got bit at half of the world's population。Any rational person would be okay with this。

Stop selling campampons to do。Next step， you got half of the world's population。

what kind of women are going to buy your champons are all women excited about chaampons？

Young children buy tampons。The elderly women by tampons？No， women of reproductive age。

Something like 13 to mid 40s。Well guess what， that's about 40% of women。Now in total。

 you've gotten rid of 80% of the world's population。Well there's 20% left。

Before out to fight people are never going to buy your shit。Let's kick just a little deeper。

Pretty quickly， you'd see。For religious reasons， for so economic reasons。

 many of that 20% aren't going to buy your shit either。

Logistical and distribution reasons would also get in your way。If you were lucky， maybe 5%， maybe 8%。

Maybebe。We're going to go at 5%。That's one out of 20 humans on Earth to be excited about your product。

Now if you have a decent Christmas train。It's not bad news。

 that's a great thing if you could create a product。Tell it to one out of 20 people on earth。

 and there's 8 billion of them。For Fox sake， we're back to that 400 million。That's a robust market。

Tin is this。Don't focus on the other 95%， focus on your goddamn target market。

Stop selling taampons to dudes。When you're thinking to yourself you want everybody to like you。

 you're just getting in your own way， you're just deluding your potency。

 you're deluding the legitimate differentiators that would make you stand out in a positive way because you're trying to make everyone like you。

T this shit now。Stop selling taampons men。Just identify your target market and enthusiastically communicate your brand proposition to every girl you meet without violating congruency。

Of your major goals and values。I personally spend about zero time concerning myself with the opinions of strangers。

This isn't because my oblivious to social feedback。

 some social feedback is quite important and useful。It's just that you have to consider the source。

Every communication you engage in with a woman should be as though you're speaking to that 5%。

Be comfortable with the idea that 19 out of 20 it's not your target market， it's not for you。

Every communication to be speaking to that one out 20 who when they meet you。

 will be excited and delighted to spend time with you。But think that you're Jesus。

 I believe you walk on water， thell follow your lead。That's your woman， that's your target bargain。

Communicate to every one of them as if it might be her。You got to think about it like this。

Some one doesn't share my values or goals。 I really don't have much left to talk about because I don't value the praise for the insult or someone who is not compatible with my world view。

We're just on different paths， and I'm almost certainly not about to get off of my path and get onto some random strangers。

 unless this person is a particular threat to you， you're best to just ignore them and keep moving down your path to success。

Don't get distracted trying to make everyone like you。

Here's another common misperception in this area。Most people think that brief interactions with girls who they don't hook up with。

Is some form of rejection or blowout。No fool， it's just normal human communication。

When you meet somebody and talk to them， they're not ultra excited to hook up with you immediately。

It's just how it is， it's a human condition， it' a simple discernment that at that moment in time。

 the two of you don't mutually agree you're compatible enough to create a deep button together。

It would be normal if you met some random guy。He had a one to five minute chat。

Then got back to whatever you were doing。If you have these type of communications。

And a random dude said two minutes in。Hey man， I really need to use the toilet， but nice meeting you。

 you went think to yourself damn。I've been rejected again。

You're not going to build deep bonds with most people you ever meet。

There's absolutely nothing wrong with this。One more thought experiment， plan for this。

Of the last thousand men you've met， how many of them are your dear friends with？

Do you think about that of the last thousand men？How many of you really keep in touch with。

 how many of you a close， close friend？1。Maybe two。It's notap10。

There might be a dozen or so guys that if a friend brought him to dinner， it would be okay。

But if you never saw them again， let'd be just fine too。In the context of meeting women。

You'd rather know in three minutes than 30 minutes if you're not a great fit。

It will simply let you move on to meeting another woman who will appreciate you more and be excited to follow your lead Note。

It's not my ambition to be actively abrasive to random strangers。Although on occasion。

 this can be immensely entertaining。The primary purpose of this behavior is to convey a sample of your real personality。

 your real sense of humor。Your values， your goals， your hopes， schemes， and ambitions。

So a random stranger can make a more informed decision to self select。

 to either invest in you rapidly because they're excited about who you are。

Or to leave your presence rapidly and let you go back to pursuing your goals。Remember。

 if you don't value your time， you don't value your life。A useful tip about conveying your identity。

🎼They most useful to use statements rather than questions to convey who you are。

Tell her about your life， hope for share of it。Keeller， what you've been up to in the world， Keller。

 what you're excited about this week。Tell her about whatever project you're most compassionate or excited to be a part of。

What are you working on， what are you accomplishing？Talk about this in emotional terms。

 how does it make you feel， does it provide you more certainty about your future。

 does make you proud of yourself？Are you excited for what comes next？

When a person keeps asking questions， it conveys uncertainty on their part。

And disasing for a lot of commitment from her， considering you're a total stranger she just met。

Your conversations will go much better you take responsibility for doing 60 to 90% of the initial talking for the first two to five minutes of your conversation。

Remember to get her to chime in on the logistical questions from Commandment3。As we discussed。

 this is extremely informative， we'll give you tremendous guidance if this set is worth staying with at all。

 or feel' better to move on to the next big thing。Here's an example of my screening of girls based on personality preferences。

I'm really not interested in middle class women。Wetend to get along best with women。

We came from one of two backgrounds。One group of women that I really enjoy spending time with who really。

 really enjoying me as well。The women that did come from very good households。

Women that came from families were。Your appearance expected them to do well in life。

They encouraged them and nurtured them to pursue educational goals， extrare activities。Oftentimes。

 the girls I date are good at a sport or play a musical instrument well。Many have been dancers。

It came from the sorted background where。Their parents expected them to have a good work has it？

You have some goals。Let's go out there and achieve a few things they could feel proud about。

best's why these women have so much stealthless team。

 they just wouldn't spend their time with some loser gut。

They want to be with a man that they know is going to help them accomplish their goals。

 they want to be with the man who has his own goals， his own identity。These's on projects in life。

Because he too is very proud of himself and has invested a lot to be a high quality man when two people like this meet。

 they're just a natural fit。We both have faith foundations ready and they're excited for bigger and better things。

 why would either of them waste their time but some loser without these ambitions， without a vision。

 without a focus and a goal and a drive to overcome and make things happen？

The other type of woman that I get along with very well。🎼This woman who came from rough her family。

🎼At the pick woman that was terribly abused or had obstacles that she feels that she could never overcome。

 Some of these women have psychological obstacles where they get in their own way。

 And they think success is just not for them。 They think there's nothing they could do。

To make a better life if they don't even try， it's just a sad form of learned helplessness。

 It's unfortunate that it happens。 we could spend your life trying to save these people。

 They don't have it in them to reciprocate often， and it's not the best use of your time or mind。

But a woman that had some turmoil turned life。And still had the ambition to overcome and do better。

 maybe her dad and her mom were divorced。Maybe they had financial turmoils there was a bankruptcy。

 maybe her dad was alcoholic or had a substance abuse issue。

 maybe there was my elder moderate of violence in the house that she found dissatisfying and she promised herself fuck this shit。

 whatever it takes to do better。I'm going to， I'm going to find a man to build a quality life with。

And it's that thought right there that make her and Icompatible。

 just like the girl who came from a so calledled privileged household and had better role models and better guidance。

A girl that had that tougher background， she'll look at me as that role model。

 she's happy to follow my guidance。She views me as an asset that could help for her love in life。

 she'd be happy to follow my lead。Both of these types of women in most cases will tend to be very loyal。

 very committed， very inverruring。They're exactly the type of women that I love。

 they're exactly the type of women I want to spend my time with。

I can't be with a middle class woman because they don't share my values。Well。

 I'm thinking about achieve， accomplish， accumulate， but I'm thinking about what's going to be next。

But it add to our lives。Put to gatherther， financial abuse sources， social abuse sources。

How to have the most premiere life available for both of us。Well I'm doing all that。

She's doing that much。By the fault， a middle class person would be behaving around the 50th percentile。

Maybe 20% higher or lower。Shes going to do some everyday shit and have some everyday outcomes Probably while I'm working hard and bringing home resources。

 she wantss to go shopping and buy gu shit we don't even need。Then meanwhile。

 because we don't share the same values， she's going to look at me and be reentful and say。

 whyhy do you spend so much time with your work and not with me？Why do you seem grumpy all the time。

 why can't you just relax and chill out Anne？Because children don't pay the fucking bills bititch。

I know that I'm going to die someday。I't to have the best life possible between now and then。

 and I want you to also。When I'm working hard to provide the best life possible for me and her。

She's fucking off and substituteing into leisure。Way before it's time to。

 there's a gross incompatibility there。I'm going to be resentful of her behavior and she'd be resentful of mine。

So when I'm talking to a girl， I hear these average mediocre goals。Or a lack of any direction。

 she don't want to do anything， everything's okay， she's just extremely agreeable。

 that it's not for me。You need a woman who wants an exceptional man。

Behaves like an exceptional woman so we can have an exceptional life together。All that mediocre shit。

 I'll leave thats some average two weeks。Think for us。Exercisees to help implement this commandment。

Stop pickinging off the girl and trying to see what she thinks of your core beliefs。

Don't talk about yourself in a way where you put in those little pregnant pauses like you're waiting for her response。

 waiting for her feedback before you say more。He who you are， man。

Use your social intelligence to filter out superficial information that you aren't particularly opinionffated about or passionate about。

 but beyond compromising about your core values and identity。

 just say that shit for what it is if somebody's not with it。Keep it moving man。

 find somebody who will be if you don't waste time with the other 19。

You're going to find that one out of 20 quicker and quicker。

When you feel like you should filter or withhold your opinion about topics that are dear to your heart。

Stop that shit and just tell the truth。People who leave are never going to be your friends anyway。

 the people who stay will love you for who you really are。Stop selling taampons to do。

Book recommendations for more on this topic。Ptical honesty by Brad Blaning。

PD negotiation by David La。