# 十戒：2 肖恩解读：游戏十诫2.1 肖恩第一诫_ev

Commandment 1， thou shallal accept no false gods before you。Al right。

 So how do we create that sense of certainty of action of becoming that CEO of our own lives？ Well。

 first， you have to understand a bit about your life situation。 What is our life situation， Well。

 we're born。 We're given a lot of arbitrary sensory input， a cognitive processor。

 And then we have to make sense of it all。When you're born， you hear sounds。

 but you don't know what a sound is。 You see light， but you don't know what light is。 Eventually。

 we make patterns out of all of this sensory input。

 And when we use those patterns to navigate our environment But much of our stimulus is subjective。

 and many things that we think are true turn out not to be true， is very hard to discern reality。

 And while we may be certain of some things， no one is completely certain of everything。

 So we are born with a lack of certainty， which causes a lot of tension。

 and we gravitate towards people with certainty to ease this tension。

Another factor that shapes our psychology is that during this initial learning process。

 we survive through the quantity and quality of attention from our caretakers， our parents。

 So if you're a baby and your parents don't take care of you。 You may die。

 If you are hungry and you start crying and your parents don't come。 That is a real threat to you。

 As we grow， we unconsciously learn that validation and attention is paramount to our survival。

 because it was at some point， paramount to our survival。

 the end result of this is someone who chases validation out of habit。

So since we are primed to look for others for knowledge and certainty。

 and because our survival originally depended on attention and validation。

 we naturally become validation seeking machines。 Unfortunately。

 these habits prepare us for mediocrity because no one wants to follow someone who doesn't know who he is。

How do people deal with this sense of uncertainty， A lot of people spend their whole lives trying to find it in others。

 Men try and find it in women， Women try and find it in men。 Men try and find it in men。

 Other people get it by deferring to the safety of authority。 They appeal to God。

 but they're secretly afraid God is not real， This is why people of faith get so offended when you even suggest that there isn't a God。

 I mean， if they were really confident about their belief。 Why would they care what you think， right？

 They appeal to government， But then they get upset when government doesn't provide an ideal world。

 They appeal to ideology to famous people to romance anything that will relieve that tension。

 of not knowing who they are and how the world works。However， by looking to outside structures。

 they will always be left with insecurity and a lack of certainty。

 because these structures are inherently unstable and imperfect。 and without internal certainty。

 you can't be a leader and you can't get the type of woman you want。

When we say to accept no gods before you， what we are saying is to defer to yourself and your own understanding of the world and not to defer to others understanding of the world。

We are saying to follow your own path and to make your own goals。

 This is not to say that you should always think you are correct。 That's another delusion。 Rather。

 it's to say that you are not going to look to outside ideologies to tell you who you are。

 You are going to live a life of your own design。 You are going to be a person of your own design。

 You are going to be the effector， not the affected。There's a quote I really love， it goes。

If you can't find faith in humanity， be faith in humanity。Now， when I say this。

 am I talking about morals and all that stuff， no， what I mean is when you look to the outside world and you don't see anyone embodying the type of person that you want to be。

 just be that person， don't wait for someone else to embody those values。

 just be that person yourself。Alright， so let's crack in to some practical ways to get that sense of certainty。

 to accomplish your goals， to be that CEO of your own life and to get results Now。

 what I'm about to share with you is a lot of very practical tips to get this stuff done Now I don't want you to think about this in the same way that you would think about。

 let's say reading a magazine， you know men's health，10 ways to get ads this summer。

These things are very specific patterns they observed in Drerick。

 in other successful people or in myself。 They are based on universal principles。

 They are not just something that we pulled out of thin air。So number one。

Knowing how to get results Very， very big。 understand that there is an equation for results。

 Re equals action times percentage right action timess time。 Three things， A， percentage。

 right action and time。 That means that the only real way that you can ever get any real results。

 is by taking action。 Now， there's also that other factor of percent right action。

 And that's where thought comes in。 Most people will spend their entire journey just thinking about things。

 They'll think like， oh， what would be the best way for me to do this。

 What would be the best way for me to do that。 But let's say that you're at the gym and you're thinking to yourself the entire time。

 What is the best deadlift form， How would I move my legs。 How would I arch my back。

 But you never actually pick up a bar bell。 You're never going get any results of any kind。

 A is the main thing that will ever get you results in any area of your life。

And you should always be focusing on taking more action， you can't control time。

 and time is going to pass anyways， but always be focused on taking more action。

The other part presents right action is very important as well。

 but what I've noticed with a lot of guys， including myself who are very cognitive。

 they spend too much time thinking about what is the right action and not enough time on the action itself。

So the way I think of this is just do the raps。 As I said， with the weightlifting analogy。

 Instead of thinking about what is the best way to do this all the time， just do the wraps。

 That should be your mantra。 Another thing that I've noticed with myself is that there are times when I will be doing the right thing and I feel like I'm doing the right thing。

 There will be times when I am doing the right thing and I don't feel like I'm doing the right thing。

 Then there will be times when I am doing the wrong thing。

 and I'm feeling like I'm doing the wrong thing。 And there will be times when I am doing the wrong thing and I feel like I'm doing the wrong thing。

What you have to suss out in your mind is when is my mind tricking me into thinking that what I'm doing right now is actually productive。

 even though logically I know it's not， and when is my mind tricking me into thinking what I'm doing right now is unproductive。

 even though I'm taking the right actions when you can suss out those four categories that I just outlines in your mind and figure out which category you're in at all times。

 it becomes much easier to take action even if you don't feel like it or if you feel like， oh。

 I should be doing something else。Or if you aren't taking action and you feel like you're doing just fine。

 Next， cutting the fad。 the way I have designed my life is to have only two activities。

 And I really mean to。 One is working on something that will further my goals。

 The second is having meaningful experiences。 a couple of years ago。

 I cut out everything else for my life。 That means TV Redit。 Any sort of social media。

 any sort of di around anything that would not be a part of those two categories。

 I cut out This resulted in me working a lot more。 but it also resulted in me having a lot more meaningful experiences。

 And what you find when you start doing this is your friends will say， man。

 you just need to relax Sometimes you need to go like。

 watch a movie sometimes you you need those breaks in your day where you're just going to look at Facebook。

But the thing is， if you truly cut all of that bullshit out of your life for six months。

 Six months later， you will not even notice it。 You will feel exactly the same as you did before when you had those littlequote breaks。

 except for now， you are actually going towards the goals that you have in mind。Now。

 by meaningful experiences， I mean hanging out with friends， hanging out with family， traveling。

 eating delicious food， anything that you will remember as something that is a quality use of your time。

😊，The rest of your time， focus on work。 I promise3 to six months later。

 you will never notice the absence of brakes and bullshit。Third， being open to longterm feedback。

 So we just talked about is a lot of trusting yourself， getting that sense of certainty。

 not deferring to others。 And so you may be wondering， well， how do I know when I'm fucking up。 Well。

 instead of short termm feedback， which is what most people rely on as in someone gives them a dirty look or someone tells you like。

 oh， I don't like the way that you did that。 what we are going to focus on is longterm feedback。

 How do you get longterm feedback。 Numb one， Ana of your own actions over time。 Not like， oh。

 I took this one action， and then it didn't work that one time。 more， I took this action 100 times。

 And these were the results。 Second， people you trust。

 people that are getting success in their own lives。 ask them to point out to you。

 where you are fucking up what you can do better and what you are already doing great？

 That last part is key because you want to do more of the things that you are already doing right。😡。

Third。Research and books Look at peer reviewed studies in the fields that you want to be successful in。

 Read books by people who have already been successful in those fields， Very， very important。

 as Stephen Covey would say， sharpening that saw and getting feedback。One last note on feedback。

 I've noticed a progression with a lot of guys that are semi successful。

 but never made it all the way there。 At first， they are super open to feedback。

 and they always have that growth mentality。 Then they learn to come into their own to trust their own sense of certainty。

 which is great。 And they start figuring out which advice is good for them and which advice is bullshit。

 Then they get into this phase where they think they know everything。

 and they are completely cut off to feedback。 And that's when their growth stops。😊。

And that is why you will see someone be a boss and a hustler for 10 years and they will get to an intermediate stage in their field。

 but they won't go any further because they stopped reading。

 because they stopped asking their friends for feedback and because they stopped analyzing what they are doing right and what needs improvement。

Number 4， letting go of unnecessary strife so that you can focus on action。

 A lack of action is often a product of unnecessary anxious feelings and unproductive thoughts。

 You should take action through these thoughts。 you shouldn't use them as excuses。 However。

 you should decrease these thoughts and decrease these emotions in the long run so that you have less resistance to the action you need to take。

 So I've worked with a lot of students over the last four years。

 and what I've been really good at is learning how to get a lot of these very anxious students from a place of anxiety to a place of relaxation So I'm going to outline the frame shifts and habits that give to these students so that they can get rid of those unnecessary thoughts and unnecessary emotions that are holding them back。

First， separating what you can control from what you can't and then taking action on what you can control and letting the rest go。

 There's an old saying。 I think it was in A A or something。

 God grant me this remedyy to accept the things I cannot change。

 the strength to change the things I can。 and the wisdom to know the difference。

 It's a very quality and a very essential saying。 So I have a bit of a ritual that I do every single morning before I walk out the door。

 And this primes my brain to recognize the things that I can control。

 and to work on those things and then the things I can't control。

 and to not worry about them and not attach any anxiety or resistance to them。

 And the saying is this。 I say， Sean， there's going to be a lot of things that happen today that I didn't expect and that didn't fit into my plans。

 But ultimately none of it will be anything I can't handle and all of it will be meaningless。

 I actually say this to myself every morning。 This isn't some bullshit line I just made up。 Second。

 second。To get rid of those unproductive thoughts and anxious emotions。

Letting your internal concept of who you are and the world be swayed by outside influence。

 So you think about people that are inherently insecure。 What makes them insecure。 Well。

 when they see， let's say， a piece of marketing。 when they see something selling shoes。

 they automatically let their version of the world be slightly swayed by the advertisement version of the world。

 As in the advertisement is telling them you can't be cool。

 unless you have these shoes and because that sense of how the world works isn't set in their mind。

 they let their worldview be swayed by that marketing piece。

 they let their worldview be swayed by other people's opinions。

 And when that worldview is constantly changing that causes a lot of disase and emotional strife。

 So we will get into this part a lot more in frame control and in the next chapter by want that to be in your mind that you should not let your worldview be swayed by outside。

Temporary influences， because it is going to cause you a lot of anxious feelings and hard times。

 Third， letting go of your ego， probably not as easy as it sounds， right， There are me， many books。

 some of them thousands of years old that cover this topic。

 But the main thing that want inpart to you guys， is that when you are constantly viewing the world through the lens of your own self image and how that self image might be hurt。

 you are opening yourself up to being constantly anxious， constantly insecure and easily hurt。

This is why you see a lot of people that are supposedly confident freaking out all the time。

 You can think of a lot of maybe famous musicians where they are getting so much validation that they create this identity。

 they create this ego。 And then when anyone violates that ego， that sense of self， they freak out。

 they get anxious， they can't handle it。 Well， what I want for you is to be aware of those moments in your life where your ego is getting in the way。

And in the long term， do things that will soften that ego。 That doesn't mean not knowing who you are。

 That means getting rid of the bullshit self image that is easily bruised。Fourth。

 avoiding black and white thinking， there is a difference between telling yourself。

 I'm acting like a bitch right now and telling yourself， I am a bitch， and I will always be a bitch。

 You see in a lot of losers or people who do not have success in their lives。

 that there is no nuance to their thoughts。 They think that things are either one way or they're another way。

 And so then when they have a behavior that makes them feel like， oh， I'm not doing so well。

 their thought is， I'm a loser when they see someone acting in a way that they don't like。

 They think that person sucks and that person is my enemy。

 It is this black and white thinking with no nuance to it that restricts their behavior and keeps them from changing。

 and it makes them feel like the world is static and immanleable and that causes a lot of anxiety。

 realize that all behaviors are temporary。 you can change your behavior。

 and that nothing is as black and white as it seems。 there is always nuanced。 There is always。

Reasons that people are doing what they're doing， no one is completely evil。

 no one is completely good， if you start seeing the nuance in the world and avoiding this black and white thinking。

 the world will become a much friendlier place。5 is building presence over time。

 This is something that you can do in the short term by engaging in whatever you are doing right now is something that you can build in the long term through meditation。

 Why does presence cause a lack of anxiety because if you are not thinking about bad things that could happen in the future or bad things that happened in the past or analyzing what does this thing mean or why this person look at me this way or all this external information We are not spending time analyzing that stuff。

 you find that what comes out is just a natural calm feeling and I'm going to get into meditation a little bit later。

 but something to think about as you go forward。Derek is someone who I see is extremely present。

 He does not meditate， but he has the outlook and demeanor of someone who is meditated for 10 years or more。

 And what I learned from him is to not be constantly worried about possible contingencies。

 but rather to just be focused on what you are doing and what you need to do right now。

The last section I'm gonna to get into number 5 is learning how to learn and specifically learning how to learn success with women。

 You can apply the structure I'm about to present to any area of your life。

 But specifically in success with women， I found this to be extremely helpful。

 And I also found that most people never think about how am I going to troubleshoot how am I going to get better over time。

 and what do I do when I find problems or when I find things I'm doing right。

 So how do we solve those sticking points， How do we troubleshoot the things that were doing wrong。

 Well， first， do the reps。 Take the action and actually go out and get real world experience。

 Nothing else matters if you are not already doing that， Second。

 when you get home at the end of a night at the end of a day when you've been doing this stuff。

 Write down reports， these reports do not have to be long essays， They only have to be six things。

 Three things that you did right that night and three things that you need improvement on。

You make these lists every night you go out and then at the end of the week。

 you go back and look at your lists and see， okay， what things am I consistently doing right and what things consistently need improvement。

 You then pick one of those things that consistently needs improvement and you work on that one thing until it is better。

 There is a great book called deep work by Cal Newport。

 where he talks about people will try and work on 10 things at once。

 They'll try and work on 20 things at once，20 new habits and never works out because our minds do not work that way。

 Pick one thing that you want to get better on， work on it for 10 days，20 days。

 whatever it takes to build that habit and then move to the next thing。

 and it will be ingrained in you for a long time。 So once again， do the reps。

 write the reports see what consistently pops up as a sticking point and then focus on one thing at a time。

 Now， there are certain sticking points that only come up maybe， let's say， once a month。

Something you noticed in your interactions， but you're not going to see that thing or be in that situation for a long time。

 So how do you fix that one？ Well， there's a lot of research that shows that visualizing。

 doing a task can help you practice that task almost as well as doing the task in real world itself。

 So for those sticking points that don't come up very often。

 do a 10 minute exercise every day where you visualize you taking that right action and you doing the thing that you need to do to solve that sticking point in as much detail as possible。

 This sounds woo woo。 But this is something that Olympic athletes use。

 This is something that musicians use。 This is something that successful CEOos use。

 And there is a lot of research to show that when you visualize something in intense detail for a period of time。

 the same neurons are firing as if you are actually taking those actions。

 So you are building those neural pathways without actually having to go and wait until that sticking point comes up again。

And in real life， next， one of the most common questions we get asked on our boot cans is how do you build up good verbal skills。

 Well， me and my friends who actually happened to be another assistance of Drerick's。

 thought about this in detail about five years ago。

 What we noticed is that we were naturally saying things that we liked when we were out。

 but then we wouldn't say them again because we wouldn't remember them。

 So we started doing is creating flashcards of just like little tidbits that we liked little verbal things that we liked。

 Then practicing those flashcard so that they were primed in our brain before we went out， Now。

 you may be wondering， if you're saying the same thing over and over again is this routines。 No。

 because we were choosing the things that made us laugh that we liked。

 and we wanted those things to be primed in our heads that we could pump our own state。

 You will notice with a lot of guys that are very， very good at this。

 They naturally say the same things over and over without even realizing it。

 And they're not using it for the effect it has on the other。

ersonThey're using it for the effect it has on themselves next。Creating an overall algorithm。

 So I have a file on my computer of everything I know about this area of my life。

 and this file would be completely useless to anyone else because it is specific to my way of doing things with success with women。

 And so I highly suggest you do this。 because what this allows you to do is when you learn a new lesson。

 you can look back on this algorithm on this file and see where the epiphany that you just had fits into your overall understanding of game or if you're doing this for business of business or whatever。

 a couple more things on learning how to learn。 N one，10% is better than 0%。

 A lot of people they will say things like， well， I only have time to go out for 30 minutes tonight and it's not even worth it。

 I only have time to go to the gym and do half of my routine。 So it's not even worth it。

 Do a little bit of work on something is always better than doing zero work on something even though doing a little work on something might hurt your ego in the short。

TmLastly， start from where you are never say， oh， well。

 you know I'm not as good as Owen so why do I even try or I wasn't able to perform tonight as well as I usually do so what's the point whatever state you're in if you're in a bad mood。

 whatever night you're having just start from where you are， say yep。

 I'm feeling this bad emotion I'm underlept， I'm not performing in the way that I usually perform。

 I'm just going to take the most action I can take from this state and let everything else go。

Last thing on learning how to learn。And this is small but important。

 You're going to be learning a lot of really big concepts in this program。

 and your head is going to be filled with all these concepts when you go out。

 So how do you prevent all of those thoughts and all of this information from stopping you from taking action。

 Well， number one， as I said， only work on one thing at a time。

 So pick one thing that you've learned and then go work on that and then come back and then go work on something else。

 But also the way that I solve this problem is I will make what called shortcuts。

 So if I learn some big concept， And I want to be cognizant of it when I'm out。

 but I don't want to eating up my mental ram I will come up with a twoword phrase for that concept。

 And when I'm out， I will just periodically remind myself of that concept with that two or three word phrase。

 know， I'll say sharp ends forward， which you'll learn about later。

 or whatever concept that I need to be working on or that I immediately saw that I didn't quite do right。

 Just use those twoword shortcuts so that you are not overloading your head with information when you are actually out taking action。

So now you have an overarching understanding of what it means to build certainty to get those results。

 to take action， to be the CEO of your own life and to not put other gods before you。

 And you also have a lot of pragmatic steps that you can take right now and ways that you can solve those small little problems that are preventing you from taking those actions and getting that type of certainty。

 Next， we're going to go deep on building that certainty in the long term and knowing who you are without a fucking doubt in exercise I'd like to leave you with Think about a time where you defer to someone else's plans and expectations and then had disastrous effects on your life。

 What would happen if you did that over and over again What would happen if you never did that again。

 Book recommendations。😡，Fire in the belly by Sam Kee。Second， the teachings of Bohi Dharma。

