# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.3 开场要坚定_ev

Admin speed。Thou shalt home and let you mean it。What will happen if this commandment is disobeyed？

Women and men in those interactions who treat you as though you have the spine up a jellyfish。

You'll disappoint yourself and countless women who would have been excited to have sex with you if you took the initiative to open directly。

 with certainty and with enthusiasm。🎼The commandment explained。

Somemen don't spend hours planning their outfits， doing their makeup。

Because it'd hate to meet an awesome man。Oftentimes the girl is on her side， but you're not。

She wants to be a chair。She wants to meet a man who was exciting and compelling to her。

Furman his own identity。Gs cool friends。Ds with good shit going on。

 we don't just respect you by hitting on her。Has social skills and resourcefulness to dominate her peer group in a respectful and exciting way。

Someone it was captivating to chat with。Easy to follow his lead。

Someone who she knows will lead her to better ways and brighter days。If you behave like a champ。

 you have physical， social， and intellectual compatibility。

And good overlapping your values and goals。Shouldll follow you anywhere。Contraarily。

If you opent like something is wrong with you， don't be surprised when she thinks something is wrong with you。

If you don't think you deserve her， she has to agree she's in the club to have a fun time， man。

She isn't going to give a stranger the courtesy of entertaining him if he's not going to help her accomplish that goal。

When a man acts timid。Unsure or insecure， shy， artificial。Eraatic， incongruent， etc cetera。

She just wants you to be far away from her， she probably doesn't have a PhD in psychology。

And even if she does， she'll not be inclined to psychoanalyze someone exhibiting these seemingly pathetic behaviors。

Experience this taught or she's best to just get rid of or get away from you and simply wait for a more attractive man to come along。

When you approach with hesitation， then just stare or lurk around on the periphery like a creep。

 she wishes you and your genetic code didn't exist。I call this H Choium。

Every time you hover or showed a girl， a player down in hell sheds a tear。

This is the textbook behavior of a true sexual predator。People who do this are at best。

Just procrastinating until the situation changes to be even less favorable than rationalizing they should just talk to a different girl instead。

It's not a strategy， that's going lead to the most premier outcomes available to you。

This is a strategy that's going to lead you home alone to look at family photos and masturbate with whip cream like the fucking creep you are。

Stop this ship， stop it immediately。Your reward for extreme hesitancy in the hover choding will be no sex until you extinguish this disgusting behavior。

Men who do this habitually are more likely to have sex with an animal or a blow up child than a human woman。

HisBe is universally reing into women。Pagmaticmatic application of this commandment。

When you see a girl you're excited about， take the most t path from where you are to where she is。

The quickest possible path from A to B。Move with intent and purpose along the way。

Move others out of your way if need be。Here in a nightclub。

 others will be touching and bumping into you as well throughout the night。

No need to run into them like an attacker， just move them out of your way man。

Excuse me if you feel like it。Coming with enthusiasm。

How excited can she possibly be to meet a guy who isn't excited to meet her？

You have to speak to every woman at a new open so she might be the most amazing girl you'll meet this month。

Note。This does not mean that you should treat her like a princess or put her on a pedestal。

 it simply means treat her like a human that you're sincerely curious about and excited to know more about。

I'm often told by a client， but Derek， I feel like the'm minute uping her conversation with someone else。

Well， yes， you are。We are judging her perception of this incorrectly in most cases。

No one wants their life to be interrupted for a negative reason， but by a mugger or a beggar。

But what could be more compelling than interrupting her life for the better？Let me ask you。

IfSomeone interrupted our communication right now and handed you a check for $100，000。

 would you be okay with that？After the initial shock wore off。

 I wouldn't give it to him if OJ Simpson interrupted my shower while I was washing my balls so long as he was handing out $100。

000 checks that day。Interrupting people in the course of offering even more goodness to their lives is always a pleasant surprise。

Interruping to steal their fond is of course， disgusting to all。

Initiate physicality early in the interaction， like soon after the al， even on the alph。

It needs to feel normal to her that you are touching her and that everything is okay。

 guys that have 10 and 20 minute conversations with the girl without moving her or creating physical contact。

Or sellingwing their own demise。News flashlash if she isn't cool with you touching her upper arm or her shoulder。

 she probably isn't going to have sex with you tonight。

Cather this information in the first couple minutes， not half an hour later。

More on this topic and subsequent commandments。Speak to volume level that commands her attention。

When you are too quiet or too soft， don't be surprised when she ignores you and keeps doinging whatever she was doing。

She didn't blow you out， you rejected yourself when you chose to act like a little boy instead of a man。

You have no idea how many guys see pissed on their growing feet by simply not projecting their voice properly。

You don't have to be crazy with this。P 10 or 15% above the prevailvaling energy or intensity of whatever environment you're in。

The same principle holds true in a library。Starbucks on public transportation in the nightclub。

 just 10， 15% above the prevailing energy or intensity man。If you're too quiet。

 you'll just be ignored。If you're too loud and it's uncalibrated。

 this can come off very unsettling or even terrifying。In nearly every circumstance。

 I suggest opening to her directly。Let her know from the beginning of your intention that you find her attractive and are intimately interested in her。

This can， but doesn't need to be stated overtly。 You can easily convey this information by simply standing close to her。

A good rule of thumb about this is to stand with your shoulders， roughly parallel with hers。

And at a distance， such that。If your elbows were pin at your sides。

 you could touch her with your fingertips， this distance helps adjust for your height。

If you're an abnormally tall or muscular man。Moop another 20% further away at first。

So you're still intimate and masculine without being overbearing。By at first。

 I just mean a few seconds， maybe half a minute。If you're a smaller man。

 get closer and be more physical to convey a greater masculine presence。Note。

 some men argue against opening two directly。I think this makes a lot of sense in some small social circle situations。

We're in a corporate work environment。In most other contexts。

 it just means that this guy is a pussy who doesn't value his life and doesn't mind wasting his time having countless nice chats with women that lead to nowhere。

Jus thinks you're her new gay friend。Wake up， good。

You will likely be doing most of the talking in the first couple minutes of an interaction。

The words don't matter so much， they're must be a vehicle that provides you the context to convey。

Relax， get intimate body language。Stable at non anxious foronality。And most importantly。

 our identity and personality。Covered in more detail in Commandments two and five。

All reputable studies suggests the words themselves are only 7 to 10% of the communication。

The other 90% plus is nonverbal。This should be a delight to those of you who habitually run out of things to say。

She wants to be your certainty in your voice and see it in your mannerisms。

Far more on how to convey rock's solid certainty to a woman on my the ten Commandments of game interview with Tyler。

Focus on primarily talking to your target girl。In addressing the others in the group secondarily。

 guys often blunder badly here when they think they're doing themselves a favor opening the entire group。

And then be brandy in them all。Instead's of picking one girl and indicating that you think she's special。

This is not flattering to your target girl。Chopter thinks that you were either the type of guy who a。

That's the confidence to just go for what you want。

Or B would have hooked up with any of her other female friends who made eye contact and showed interest in you。

Either way。Even if she would have liked you had you approached her properly。You won't want you now。

Does she know as any of her friends could have had you too and that they also know it？

You're no longer a prize， even if you would have been her type of guy， she has to pick somebody else。

Guys are doing this to themselves。Open the mixed Gu Girl sets too half of the time these guys are just coworker or gay friends or some orbiter ch。

Cl has no interest in these guys sexually。This is also a way to differentiate yourself from the average club chde because the girls know it takes balls and tolerance to social pressure to approach a girl surrounded by guys。

Any women need the man to talk more at first to get a sense of who he is and see if she cares。

Remember。🎼Attractive women have a lot of guys hitting on them。 She doesn't immediately love you。

 That's normal。Your default assumption of you is probably that you're about the 50th percentile of man。

It's very rational。It means you're about the average of the last thousand dudes that just came to gruel on her。

Let's put a little math on that。How many of these last thousand guys do you think the girl had sex with？

I think it's less than 3%， I think they be a lot。There's no academic study on it。

 but my intuition is。Something like five to 20。I'm going to think 10 or so。Some girls would be three。

 some girls would be none， I don't want them either。Freezy math。

 I'm going to presume that's about 1% of men call it 2% if you prefer， I don't think it's three。

 1% of men out of the0 that she hooked up with it's only 10 dudes。10 out of a thousand。1%。

Think I this。If you approach a woman， like a 50th percentile dude， just I'm average smuck。

 just I'm nobody。Which cat she's going to hook up with you？It's not going to happen， man。

There's a couple factors at play here。This means you've got to be in the 908th。

 99th percentile of men。For a girl to hook up with you。

'Pro got to be in the top 5% being our real serious considerations there。

You're not going to be in everybody's 98 percentile。Best way to overcome the situation。

It just simply be screen and open more girls。He's going to be his upset of girl's， dear。

 productive and self motivated guide， who knows who he is， knows what he wants。

 knows the type of people he wants to be around。You're already going to be in the top five or 10% of men yourself。

Just those couple principles put you in the top5%。However。

 not every girl is going to prefer a man like you， just like you're not going to prefer just every girl。

 you're going to have to do a little screening here， you're going to have to sort through the muck。

🎼Find those girls are recognized that you're the top 5 per cent of men。 Sc through that。

 Find out about personality fitment， Find out about your compatibility in terms of sense of humor。

 your goals， your ambitions。 What are your hopes and dreams。

 What do you want your relationship to look like， More on this in subsequent commandments。

But the point is， don't expect every girl to like you， just like you wouldn't like every girl。

 and on the open， you got to open every girl like you expect you're the guy in that 98th。

 99th percentile。Youll open her from the frame that you are a sexworth man and you and her may or may not be compatible。

 but you're going to find that out quickly if a couple minutes go by and things aren't going down the the path you'd like him to。

 you can't go find a different woman， you'll find a better option。

 and be better off and you're going have a great life either way。Pick up story for my life。

Once upon a time I was in Washington， DC， where barely a beautiful woman exists。

 I was at a bar with a good wing man of mine， one of the best I have had。

I saw the prettiest girl that we had seen all week， she was leaning on the bar。

 a semicircle of very muscular men surrounding her。

They were a rugby team is about 10 or 12 of them on the approach it moves several of these men out of my way。

 a couple to one side， a couple to the other， and make a bath between them。

 physically shove larger men and walks straight to the girl and meet her。

I got right in her face a few inches away。🎼Its very calm。I could eye contact， I wasn't jerky。

 I wasn't hesitant， shit was on point。I looked her right in her eyes。IPut my hand out and said。

 I'm Dek。A really pretty girl I had to come meet you， she smiled from year to year， she blushed。

 she was so excited。Her face just lit up to meet meaning。

Versus all these guys who were scanning around quaient to death。I took by at the hand。

 I turned around， moved right through the crowd again， moving them out of my way。

And pulled her over by herself with just the two of us， which added for just a few minutes。

Today then my budtdy gave him up。He starts chatting with us too， everything's going fine。

We find out that she's there celebrating her friend's birthday and she's only there with that one other girl。

I introduced her friend to my friend， we all had a drink together。

 and about 15 minutes later we were all out of the club going back to my hotel。

It's probably the prettiest curl I ever saw in DC， certainly the prettiest I ever hooked up with there。

It it didn't happen accidentally， it happened because I was decisive。

 it happened because I was willing to move bigger men out of my way to go get what I want。

because I was willing to tolerate the social pressure。

 one of those guys squeing the hell out of my shoulder， and beingre painful really。Holding my frame。

 holding my facial a laugh back。SheChatting up the girl like there was an no appeal。

If you're not willing to tolerate social pressure， you're going to miss opportunities like this。

If're not willing to do things other guys would be scared to do。

 you're going to miss a lot of opportunities to get a girl very excited， pray delighted to meet you。

More books on this topic。Influence by Robert Charaldini。Hannibal and me by Andrea's Cluth。

Exercises help implement this topic。When you feel anxious or stuck in your head。

Go to the girl anyway and tell herself so， get to a place of sincerity and authenticity in your communication。

And plenty of times I stucking my head on the club。I think about a lot of early shit。

 I watch a lot of documentaries I listen to or read a lot of books。

I don't waste my time on use the shit， that being in the case when I go to the club。

 place to have unadulterated fun and just clown around and do what you want。

Sometimes I'm not in that mood when I first get there。

 sometimes I see the pretty girl and my first thought isn't to talk to her at that moment is to make a goddamn excuse myself。

I feel that happening and I never succumb to that excuse， get my ass over there and talk to the girl。

If I don't have something better to say， I'll simply tell the girl how I'm feeling at that moment。

Oh my God， I watched the bus documentary this afternoon and I'm a little bit stuck in my head。

 you're really pretty girl so I had to come meet you， I'm Derek， what's your name？

If you just did this guys， just express what you're feeling get to a place of sincerity and authenticity in your communication。

Feeling anxious， telleller her you were a little anxious to come talk to her。

 he you felt compelled he had to do it anyway。You little tuck in your head， see it like I said it。

Whatever emotion you're feeling， the thing that you might be more scared to say than you think she would judge you for。

 get that shit out there anyway， when she sees you're not bullsshing her。

 she sees you speaking from a place of sincerity and authenticity。

 not for any moralistic reason god damnam it。Just because it pragmatically works。

I value women and I value men get lighted to a whole day。

 they both really value someone who's not bulling them。They can see it a mile away。

If you do what I told you to do here。It's second going to get the girl excited to go home and have sex with you this minute。

No， probably not， but it will do this consistently to buy you an extra 30 seconds or 90 seconds。

Conveying more of your personality to get her investing back。You could do it that。

 a lot of those interactions that you didn't feel like opening。

 you're going to end up going home with those girls not long after。

