# 十戒：3 特维斯解读：游戏十诫3.1 特维斯第一节_ev

Commanment 1， thou shalt accept no false gods before you。

I want you to start this commandment with a simple exercise。

 So simple that you might not consider doing it， but it is the most important step as the journey of 1000 miles begins with the first step。

And that first step is to go outside。Walk around where there are people。

Since we are building the foundation right now， there is no obligation to talk to other women just yet。

 Don't worry， we're going to get there。What you are going to do is start observing the world around you。

Nobody does this， You know， just watch what is happening and watch what you are doing as a way of reaction to it。

You can take the notes on this commandment before actually going outside。

 or you can listen to this on your mobile device while walking around。

I'm going to string together a couple of ideas for you to consider while you walk around and make some observations。

The game is played out in the real world。 So that is where we will start。

Foreman Roman emperor and stoic philosopher of 2000 years ago， Marcus Aurelius once wrote。

 there is nothing which doth not proceed from something， as also。

 there is nothing which can be reduced to mere nothing。 Therefore。

 there is some common ground from which my understanding had proceeded。

What he is saying is that everyone has a similar starting point， a common ground。Therefore。

 everything you have come to know and learn in your life from the way that you behave， what you feel。

 what you believe started from outside of you。You took the input from the outside world。

 and you came to conclusions on your own。This is important to understand。

 because if you had grown up with different experiences， different surroundings。

 a different education， different friends， different family。You， too。

 would most certainly be a different person。Take a moment to observe the world around you。

Every other human that you see around you is also a unique product of the common ground。

 which they started。 no different than yours and the unique experiences of their own that they formed them to be the humans to be you are looking at right now。

From the clothes they wear what they believe， the way they walk and the way they talk。

All these aspects are a combination of their human nature and the information that was passed on to them from someone or something else。

In fact， everything that you see around you started from an idea somewhere from the houses to the sidewalks to the grocery store。

 to the vehicles。The reality that you are witnessing right now can most objectively be understood as the working product of a series of cause and effect relationships that continues to develop before your very eyes。

Observe the clothes that you yourself are wearing the way that you walk。

The way other people pass it by interact。What sort of tools are used like cell phones， uniforms。

 street signs， doors， windows。Pay attention to what is actually happening around you。

Everything around you is the resulting effect of some cause that came its way。In fact。

 you are the outcome of a series of cause and effect relationships in your life。

Relationships between you and the outside world。2 things are important to know when understanding how the world。

 other people and yourself are put together。One， the only reason these cause and effect relationships develop is because they are somehow beneficial。

And two， because these relationships are beneficial。

 we continuously depend upon these tools for survival。

You tie your shoelaces because it is beneficial to keep your shoe on。

Cards wait at stoplight because it is beneficial to not get hit accidentally。

You zip up your jacket because it is beneficial to keep you warm。

You speak English because it is beneficial to communicate with others around you。

These cause and effect relationships are what help us survive。

This type of dependence is what makes the world function the way it does。

 And it is a pattern that all of you possessed from the moment you were first born to this very moment you are listening to me right now。

From womb to tomb， we are bound to others， past and present。When you were first born into this world。

 you were utterly unprepared to handle the chaos， danger and complexities that lie before you。

As a result， you were dependent upon a sole provider for your physiological needs like food。

 water and shelter， safety needs like personal security。

 health care and protection from threat and social belonging。To us。

 these parental figures and other influences you are exposed to may as well have been gods since they seem to be all knowing。

 all powerful and all good， having all the answers to your questions。

 providing all the protection from the world and having your safety and protection as the first priority。

If not for their knowledge， protection and benevolence， you might not be here right now。

You had to put your trust in these individuals。 And when you trust someone。

 you reduce their complexity。You are blind to their faults and shortcomings and choose to cooperate with their dependents as a price to take their knowledge。

 their protection and their benevolence。Observe now the ways how people are dependent upon one another。

 the blind trust they put into each other。And the ways you are dependent and trusting upon people in your life。

In many areas， you broke off from these guides because you were afforded an environment to achieve sufficient expertise to operate independently of any assistance。

You are provided sufficient instruction and guidance to be able to operate in some way on your own without the assistance of others。

For example， consider that you do not need someone to help you tie your shoes， But in your shirt。

 Li a heavy weight or speak a coherent thought。What happens when you don't gain proficiency with these and other things。

To survive， you will need to depend on someone else to perform these tasks for you。

When you don't know how to do something， you'll continue to find a way to depend on people that will have it done for you。

This is not the worst thing， as I would rather depend on a doctor to perform surgery instead of gaining proficiency in surgical techniques myself。

Or I would rather use an airplane to travel to boot camp instead of gaining proficiency at long distance running。

However， there is a problem with dependence， and this problem is where we get to the crux of this commandment。

 Thou shalt accept no false gods before you。The main problem of dependence is that most of the world will encourage dependence while providing no hope of you making any independence on your own。

 because it is in the best interest for them that you remain dependent。For example。

It is in the best interest for a market that you believe that you are too fat， too old， too young。

 have the wrong skin color。 have the wrong look so that you buy their new product or the new treatment to relieve that innerten that you feel。

Another example is at work。It is in the best interest of your own work place that you are a high achiever with low self esteem so that you give them your hard earned time and effort while asking for a little in return。

 Like， how in the hell could a man enjoy being awakened at  Six，30 AM by an alarm clock。

 leap out of bed。 dress， forcefe， Shi， piss， brush his teeth and hair and fight traffic to get to a place where essentially you made lots of money for some one else or were asked to be grateful for the opportunity to do so。

😡，It seems like a crazy belief， but most of the world does this。You might even be someone that does。

It is no different than an abusive relationship where the person that emotionally or psychologically abuses you is the same person that brings you back to health as if the culprit were some different person or entity。

It is Stockholm syndrome where the hostage develops love and trust for the very captor that took him in the first place。

Look around you。 And you can see how virtually everyone around you， too。

 is depended upon these false gods。 The greater good， the attractive woman， the parents。

 the rich man， society， social media。For they provide and continue to provide needs to others that have not sufficiently provided those needs to themselves。

All of what I have said so far builds up to this。The reason why you might face anxiety or other issues with talking to attractive women is that it is in the best interest of collective society that you are not proficient with doing so。

The world collectively keeps you dependent on other things by providing you a belief system that you alone are not enough to talk to a pretty woman。

 and furthermore， depriving you of an environment to gain sufficient expertise to be able to talk to women with ease。

Interesting， how easy it is to go buy a new outfit or a new car。

 Yet how difficult it is to talk to a pretty girl with sufficient confidence。

Interesting how there is no standard education on men talking to women。

The world depends on your quiet servitude and will hide from you the beliefs and information required to get this part of your life handled。

Look how easy it is for you to ride a bike or type on a keyboard。

At the end of one year of active practice， you should think about women like typing on a keyboard or how like a fish thinks about water。

In other words， it is just the context of your life。So what does this have to do with game？

If you're walking around right now， find an attractive woman and go ask her how her day is。

Whether you actually go and talk to her or not， observe the change in your own emotions as you consider this task and proceed to go do this and then observe how you feel in the aftermath when she is gone。

Observe what you are feeling and what you are doing by reaction to those feelings。

The reason you feel the way you just did is a direct result of the beliefs that the outside world has installed in your mind。

The task I gave you is supposed to feel no different than when you got out of bed and got dressed this morning。

If you are someone who has not yet taken ownership of your life。

 then your life does not belong to you。Whether you know it or not。

 it currently belongs to someone else being prostituted for its value。Take this through。

The unclaimed identity has become the slow， lifelong accretion of gazes。

 You looking at yourself being looked at by others Instead of making a stand for your own values and your own personal beliefs。

Your unclaimed identity belongs to the false gods around you。

 and you bow to these false gods by offering them your time。

 your energy and your resources for dependence， safety and a lifestyle that you don't even know if you even want。

It demands you act a certain way and to stay in your lane。

 Be the good little boy so you could be told that youre special。

Consider anything that you have taken for free。If something is free or if something comes at no cost。

 then you are the product。Not the free thing。 You are the product。

 and you have been seduced by safety， security， validation and short term emotions in exchange for claiming what rightfully belongs to you。

 your life， your liberty and your pursuit of happiness。😊。

There exists very few teachers who can teach someone this type of social and financial independence。

 and because of that， people will continue to walk around dependent upon the influence of others。

Observe yourself right now。 How important is it to you that you appear a certain way around strangers。

Behave a certain way。 Perhaps how you talk around your parents。

 perhaps how you talk around your employer。Again， it is important to society that everyone stays in line。

The mere fact you are listening to this program means that there is something wrong with your ability to convey your identity to and attract the woman of your choosing。

Consider how easy it is to communicate to your friends and how difficult it is to communicate to an attractive woman。

You are bowing to the standard set by the feminine ideal。

 since you have always been able to apply the same social skills that you use for your friends and colleagues。

 as you should for these women。We start these 10 commandments here because you cannot convey your identity until you realize it has been stolen from you。

 and it is your duty to take it back。The good news is this， the way that the world is。

 the way that other people are。😊，And in fact， the way that you are is not your fault in this current analysis。

 It is the unique combination of circumstance and identity development that LED you to the thoughts。

 words and behaviors you engage with at this very moment。

 Even walking around right now is a direct influence to me， asking you to do so。

The good news is also that has LED you to this program today day to get the guidance that you know that will benefit you greatly。

😊，Your shadows may be dark， but there is a way back。 There is always a way back。

And it is here where we will start this process。Let us begin。

Not that we see clearly what is going on。 What does it mean when we say thou shalt accept no false gods before you。

First off， it means that it is time to take ownership。

Although the way you are now may not be your fault。

 it is 100% your responsibility and 100% your duty to take ownership of your current and future circumstances。

😡，Derek has told me over and over again since we first met you are the CEO of your own life。

 whether you like to be or not。He'd say， how can you expect to go home to your spouse and pretend you are in charge when someone has been telling you what to do all day。

If you're not in charge of something， then you're not the boss。This does come at a cost， however。

Understand that the price you pay for taking ownership of your own identity and your own life is that you will have to take responsibility for your future outcomes as well。

You can no longer blame someone else for your problems or your circumstances。

Your excuses are no longer qualified。Furthermore， the price you pay is that every decision to take one action will only make you qualified for another。

Dererick said the reward for solving your current problems is not that you no longer have problems。

 The reward is that you are now qualified to solve even harder problems。

Good news is that if you could solve a $1000 problem， you are qualified to solve a $10000 problem。

 and you'll be rewarded proportionly for solving these high level problems。😊。

If you are willing to pay the price of responsibility。

 then you are ready to take ownership of your present and your future。

You start taking ownership by taking ownership of the thoughts in your head。

Thoughts are often referred to as thought loops because it occurs more than one time。 Therefore。

 patterns in your head will have to be consciously repeated。

 and you'll have to actively deny the thoughts that do not benefit you at all。

 No matter how good they feel or true they seem。You'll have to actively defeat self defeating。

 apathetic and destructive thoughts by replacing them with self esteem building and self worth building thoughts and behaviors。

It will take time， but they need to be actively rooted out。

Whenever you find yourself engaging with a self defeating thought， tell yourself， oh。

 there's my brain doing that thing again。And then replace it with another thought that leads you toward a productive future。

You then take ownership of your external environment that feeds those thoughts。

Because it takes so much energy to replace thoughts in your head。

 it is more beneficial to surround yourself with influences that build you up。

It cannot be stated enough that you will become like the five people you spend the most time with。

Choose those people， very carefully。It is your responsibility to take ownership of your peer group in a way that will bring you towards your goals。

The effects here are very subtle。 For example， maybe some of your influences may have initially taught you that making mistakes is wrong and find a lot of anxiety out of doing so。

 But after spending time with Dererick， I wind up making mistakes as necessary and even enjoyable。

Nothing can be learned quickly or effectively， until mistakes are made。As Deerrek often said。

 fail fast， fail often。When you avoid making mistakes。

 it means that there is some false guide for you to fear。

 some false God that you symbolically bow to by saying。

 I cannot make a risk or something bad will happen。

 despite that bad thing never actually happening in an objective reality。

You have to take ownership of your own personal emotions and how you react to them。

Most of our emotions are set up without knowing why they are there。

 but it is important for you to know they were once quite useful in the ancient world。For example。

 sadness has the function of a group bonding mechanism。Anger prepares you for battle。

 and fear keeps you protected from foreign elements from the world。

You may not get the control when you are happy， sad， angry， frightened or anxious。 However。

 you do get to control how you judge， understand， interpret and react to these emotions。

So how do you proceed to interpret these emotions。Professor J。 J。 Gibson。

 an esteemed American psychologist， considered one of the most important contributors to visual perception and ecological psychology。

 proved that people see the value or the function of something before they actually see the thing。

For example， when you walk up to the ledge of a tall building and look down。

 your brain doesn't see the ground far below。 It first sees its ecological function。

 which in this case is， oh， that's the falling place。 Then triggers a fear response in your body。

If you are walking around right now， you might look at the cars and your brain interprets the value of them as。

 oh， the big metal moving objects at transport or birds as the harmless flying things or houses as strong buildings with people inside。

People with phobias or irrational fears will see the objects they fear， like spiders or snakes。

Where any one else will just see， oh， little bug or hissing animal。

 People with phobias will see imminent death， which is what triggers a fear response。

You might see a grocery store as the food place。Or your own home as the shelter place。

This goes on and on for everything you see around you。What about other humans。

 What does your brain see when looking at them。You see your friends as helpful humans providing physical and emotional security or something close to that。

This is pretty universal。What about the people around you right now。

Take a look at the people around you and observe the function they have to you。

If you're walking around right now， look at the other people in their eyes as you walk past them。

 Oberve how you react emotionally。It might just be， oh， harmless guy walking past me。Or it might be。

 oh， guy that might rob me right now or something else completely。

Notice how your brain is optimized for survival and will see things by their function to help you survive。

Furthermore， other people are making the same emotional interpretations as you are。

 And when you go up and talk to them， they might see the man in my way， or they might see you as， oh。

 the attractive guy hitting on you or the cool guy looking for a fun time。

 or this guy might get me sick right now。This will differ from person to person。

 and no two people will see and interpret you the same way。

 Although you cannot control how people will see your value。

 you do have to take ownership of this as well and convey your identity in such a way that is mutually beneficial to you and the right type of girl。

More about this and future commandments。This is where having the right thoughts and the right environment matters even more。

When Derek or I see an attractive bro， we see， oh， pretty girl。 Let's go find out。

Where many of you might see something like rejection in coming。 or oh， oh， she might call the police。

Furthermore， the right type of girl sees the value of Derrick and the other assistants when they see us as fun。

 safe adventure。😊，Where the right type of girl might see some other guy as boring， useless， threat。

 taking fun away。This is important to know， because game is emotional， not logical。 Therefore。

 it is important to know what type of emotions you stir up in the woman when she is looking at you。

 because this is the type of value that girls are attracted to。

 not necessarily the fiscal looks or money。Girls will backwards rationalize why they had sex with the guy based on his emotional value they interpret。

Again， more on this in future commitments。These emotions will come and go without explanation。

 but you at least have a beginning foundation of understanding them。

 and you will develop a stronger understanding of your emotions and commandment， too。

Begin developing a militant indifference to your own emotion。If you listen to Derek。

 you'll often proclaim he doesn't care about his own emotions。 In fact。

 he doesn't even care about your emotions。 What he does care about is his and your long term outcomes。

And that comes from doing what is supposed to be done regardless of one' short term emotions。You。

 too， will need to dominate your own emotions， no matter the circumstance。Too tired。 F that。

Do just 20 more minutes。Too anxious。 Fuck your anxiety。 Go in anyways and do it anxious。

Nervous to talk。 F your nerves and do it nervous。Release the hold you have on these emotions and focus on the goal。

Ask yourself， are you emotional when you go to the gym。What about when you go to work？

Maybe when you go see your friends， you think， like， damn。

 I'm going to kill this right now when I say， what's up to my best friend？Not at all。

 It's just a part of your life。 And you should treat this area the same way。

You don't dominate your emotions by trying to make them go away。

 You do so by focusing on something that is more important than the emotions。

 accomplishing the task at hand。The moment that the goal becomes more important and not before then。

 And the moment you stop caring so much about actually controlling or regulating your own emotions。

At that point， the emotions don't seem to matter so much any more。

 They'll just be an afterthought while you're reaping the fruit of your actions。

Excepting no false gods means you have to take ownership of your own personal actions。

You will need to be very， very hard on yourself when you're acting incrruently to your goals。

If you're acting like a chump instead of a champ by taking on chump behaviors。

 you'll need to be very， very hard on yourself to take that initial action。

 and then give of yourself a reward for having done so。 Whatever it takes。

 The actions you take are your own and are held accountable to nobody but yourself。

You must go in the face of your emotions， because that is where all the glory is。In fact。

 American psychiatrist Morgan Scott Peck once wrote。

The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable。

 Un or unfulfilled for it is only in such moments， propelled by our discomforts that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer ways。

The fact of the matter is that you don't need to be in the right mood to get something done。

Furthermore， nothing great would be accomplished if we needed to be in the right mood to go do something。

Derek has always said， if there is someone who needs to be in the right mood to get something done。

 I don't want to be around that person。Accepting no false gods before you means that you must be at the center of your life。

 not any one else， and especially not women。You start this by doing something more important than your job or other women。

 Something important to you。You should want success in this area more than anything。

 but gaming and pickup should not be the most important thing in your life。Ask yourself。

 what is your mission， What is your main life project that needs to be accomplished。

 What are the things you are most excited about， You'll define these more clearly in commandment，2。

Resolve to dedicate time every day to things that are most important to you。

 rather than spending all your time with what is required from you from some false God。

A woman cannot be excited about a man who is not excited about himself。

Nor can a woman be excited about a man who is excited about being a servant to some one else。

Accepting false guides means that you love yourself A aboveve all。 You know。

 there is work to be done， but you love yourself。Self love is a very。

 very important foundation in this area。It is required before we can proceed to other commandments。

If you have trouble with this， then you must know， not think。

 know that you don't need a particular reason to love yourself。

 You could do it for no other reason than， just because。

People have a tendency to accentuate the qualities of others and discount qualities of themselves。

Everyone's life seems to be perfect， except yours。 The grass appears to be greener in someone else's pasture。

This is a clear violation of commandment1。Try the reverse。 Acuate your own qualities to yourself。

You' are already deluting yourself since everyone has their own challenges and their own balance of strengths and weaknesses。

 including yourself。 So you might as well accentuate your own best qualities in a way that reflects objective reality。

In good game， there needs to be an underlying attitude and visible swagger that I am the best option。

Decide to carry yourself when an unreactiveed version of， I am the shit。

Nobody can take this away from you。 You must not let anyone take this except for you。 Otherwise。

 you have violated commandment one yet again。😡，We cannot proceed forward in this game unless you believe in yourself。

Like a singer on stage or a fighter in the arena， They know they can handle whatever comes their way。

Many of you acquiesed defeat before even starting。 You must believe you can win before you even go in and believing in yourself is no more difficult than a simple decision to do so。

 It might not feel right， but understand that you have full control over your judgments and beliefs and believing in yourself is as simple as believing that you can do it for no other reason than you just want to。

 If you think there is another reason to believe in yourself other than just wanting to。

 then you will again be violating this commandment。As an exercise。

 look around again at the other humans and ask yourself， who would you want to trade places with。

Take some time with this one。Would you want to take on their worst qualities。

Would you want to accept the burdens they have instead of yours。Look around and contemplate。

 who would you trade places with。Who is a better option than yourself。Speaking of the other humans。

Accepting no false gods means accepting what people are and not what you think they are or what you want them to be。

There are very few exceptions to some laws of human behavior。

 just the same way we can expect very few exceptions to the laws of gravity。

Look around at the other humans。What you will notice is that people are scared。People are anxious。

 and people are selfish。And most of all， most people don't care about you at all。😡，Look around。

How many people greeted you today。How many people offered you something for free with nothing in return。

How many people looked you in the eye。It is very subtle。

 but what you are looking at right now are manifestations of these simple feelings。In fact。

 most people are waiting for direction， waiting to be told what to do by some trustworthy authority。

 because it is the direction that they have always taken because they， too。

 have always depended on their own false gods for knowledge， protection and benevolence。

To prove this， when walking by these people， look them in their eyes as they walk past you。

Most of them will refuse to make extended eye contact。Realize that it is a person who is frightened。

 anxious and selfish as well。As a bonus， say good morning or good afternoon to these people and watch as they either avoid you or return to you a nervous greeting。

Now， start clapping your hands while walking。Notice the people around you while you do this。

Someone look away。Others will confer with the people with them as they walk past you。

The great majority will ignore you completely。They'll see the value of you as， oh， strange。

 unpredictable human， proceed with caution。Very rarely。 will they ask you why you're clapping。

Upon this， you'll look around at the other people and realize that's no God。

 That's a person just like me。Accepting no false guides means you don't take social feedback too seriously。

The halfway point between disbelief in yourself and total belief in yourself is simply indifference。

This means that you don't take the feedback you get from other humans too seriously。

They are just projecting themselves。Or they are protecting their resources and letting you know what they think of you。

Again， for Marcus Aurelius。Soon， you will forgotten all things and soon。

 all things will have forgotten you。Not only will you die one day。

 but the people who will remember you will also die， and it will be as nothing mattered anyways。

Why do you fear of making a mistake， Who actually cares， You're not afraid of failing。

 You're afraid of other people seeing you fail and what other people think of you is none of their damn business。

You will have to build a muscle of not carrying what people think。

You build this by actively gaining attention from others and maintaining an engaged indifference from their feedback。

😊，In fact， you worked on this muscle by clapping your hands out loud in front of strangers just a few moments ago。

You continue to build this muscle by doing what you are supposed to do when you are supposed to do it。

 whether you feel like it or not in pursuit of your long term goals。

You will be talking to a lot of women over the course of the next year。

And you will get all sorts of feedback， much of which will stifle you and ruffle your feathers。

The key to managing this engaging difference is to not take the feedback from the world too seriously and just give yourself permission to fail as many times you need to in order to gain proficiency。

It's important that you have fun while doing this。Over time in practice。

 this muscle will improve and become strong。Finally。Answer yourself。 This。

 Does a problem of rejection lie in the feedback of the woman herself or in your own personal interpretation of that feedback。

You'll find your concern is not from the woman。 It is only from your way of reaction to her。

Your greatest enemy will oftentimes hide in the last place you would think to look。 And in this case。

 these false guyss are hiding in your own unclaimed values or interpretations。Which， in most cases。

 came about just accidentally。Sometimes it is a traumatic life event。

 Other times it is the way you were raised。 Other times， it's given by your current peer group。

Don't worry， we'll root out these unclaimed interpretations in commandment 2。

What you have determined to be good or bad is objectively arbitrary。Whatever is to day， as it were。

 the seat of what shall be to morrow。If in this current moment。

 we are planting the seed of what shall happen in the future with our actions today。

Then our values and interpretations in the present moment are the results of the seeds that were planted long ago。

 including our interpretations of what is good or what is bad。

If you are under the impression that you are too old， too young， ugly， poor from the wrong country。

 have the wrong skin color。Then you are reaping the fruit of the seed that was once planted some time ago。

These beliefs were planted long ago and have continued until today。

The good news is that it is an interpretation that at any moment。

 you can choose to drop and replace with a more productive one。😊，Furthermore。

 if you face a certain emotional response to rejection。

 you are enacting a series of interpretations that came from some false guides that you do not even want to engage that again started long ago。

 And at any moment， you could choose to change those interpretations in the present and in the future。

The core of all your problems exist only， And I mean， only in your interpretations。

Prominent psychologist Carl Yoon had wrote。It is one thing to realize that one is partially responsible for all that one is faced。

But it is a psychological feat of monumental proportion for an individual to realize that all the problems he sees in the world are created by his own projections and his own interpretations。

As proof of this。You might see dramas and situations in your life that seem to happen over and over again。

 despite changing circumstances。This is no accident as your interpretations exist longer than the situations that warrant them。

The maze is empty。The only monsters you find are the ones you bring。As a solution to this。

 realize this。There are no such things as problems。 There are only situations。

And the valence of each situation is determined entirely by some personalized。

 yet arbitrary system of values that lend themselves towards optimizing your personal survival。

 And you have an opportunity to day and every day onward to change those interpretations to ones that help you accomplish your goals and make them yours。

We can start with these interpretations here。When you value what is in your control。

 you find control for your life。When you value what is outside of your control。

 then you have less control of your life。Every time you face rejection。

 understand it is something that you cannot control that it is a natural part of the learning process and a natural part of life that every man has faced since the dawn of time。

It is a natural part of life that you will face， too and carry that legacy forward to your posterity。

All you can control and all you can do is enjoy yourself and make the most of it because you were taking action。

😊，This interpretation will help you achieve success in this area。

You've now taken ownership of your thoughts， words， actions， you've denied false gods。

 and have put yourself at the center of your own universe。

 subject to the laws of your very own self defined values， beliefs and interpretations。

With newly open eyes， I now ask you this。When you ask， what is the right thing to say to the girl。

Is it important to have the perfect thing to say or to be perfectly okay with the things you're saying currently？

Let outside opinion of false gods be taken away。 And if no man shall think himself wronged。

Thenhan is there no more any such thing as wrong。For truth is reality， that which is false。

 is unreal。The more clearly we see the reality of the world。

 the better equipped we are to deal with the world， the very world you are looking at right now。

The less clearly we see the reality of the world， the more our minds are befuddleled by falsehoods。

 misperceptions and illusions。 The less able， we will be able to determine correct courses of actions and make wise decisions。

Before we head into defining your identity and commandment， too。

 I conclude this commandment with the Russian philosopher an outspoken critic against communism。

 Alexander Sojanetson。You can maintain power over people as long as you give them something。

 Robb a man of everything。 and that man will no longer be in your power。

If you have properly taken ownership， only you can be held responsible for what is yet to come in your life。

 not some stranger， not some circumstance， nor government， nor boss， nor parents， nor woman。

 nor any other false God。😡，And if a man has nothing to be taken from him， what left does that。

