# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.10 你要建立你的价值_ev

🎼Camth them， thou shalt always be building your value。

What will happen if this commandment is dis hered？You'll experience a regression to the need。

This means a downward spiral until you're just an aperage smuck。Or maybe worse。If you're lucky。

 you'll be a likely candidate for midlife crisis。I say lucky because you slack off longer before reality catches up with you。

It's not going to be an easy hole to dig yourself out of。When someone is 20 in a loser。

 some might say he has potential。Her 40 year old losezer， what's called a b。

🎼The commandment explained。Philopher and state Ben Cicero from Roman times says。

A man who doesn't know what happened before he was born goes through life as a child。

A normal man is married to a mediocre woman by some point in his 30s。

He and his wife then immediately gained 20 pounds。He abandons the social circle。

 social skills and ambition。Then has two mediocre kids。And watches TV while he waits to die。The end。

 his legacy will be the few potato chip crumbs he leaves behind on his carpet and furniture。

And the archive of memes and platitudes he shared in his digital communication。

To avoid this trap and thus maintain the feelings of extreme confidence and usefulness。

You must make it a lifetime habit to learn new skills。When you are always improving your skills。

 knowledge and abilities， your resourcefulness will far exceed any mere mortal living a normal tro life when a man behaves this way has a psychological energy and confidence to remain attractive to his mate。

And also to be attractive to others。He and his relationship partners both know his value。

When your woman knows you're valuable to others， she is much more motivated to keep working alongside you。

 keep herself fit。Keep educating and challenging herself。And to treat you with the care and respect。

 a quality man deserves and demands in the marketplace。If a woman didn't behave this way。

 you have the confidence to know you could leave at any moment。

 go find another woman that would treat you appropriately。

Just knowing this fact and your partner knowing it too。

 gets rid of most of the major frictions and problems couples have in relationship。

And these are the facts of your life won't be needy， you'll have better financial， social。

 and other resources who live longer。And you'll have an exceptional quality of life while you're alive。

Understand for many women， building their value means。

 engaging in in elaborate marketing campaigns to deceive the public about their appearance。

It often does raise their popularity and perceived status from the world。

Common ways of the strategy is implemented include。Most women use forms of makeup and clothing。

🎼Inncluding。Priers to fill their ports concealed to cover major coloration blemishes。

Foundation to create consistentence in tone， lipstick to accentuate her lips。

Note many lipst of the color of are named after fruits。

Evolutionary psychologists explain that women do this to their lips to indicate their rightness。

E shadow to enhance and accentuate their eyes。Mescara is often applied over to fake eyelashes。

Paraite， catching of the armpits， rigs and gens。Paded bras。I heels and platform shoes。

Sometimes they have win in whiskers， sometimes they have scars from them。The optimism made them easy。

Bake nails。Take lips， take kits， take notes。🎼Take care。Sometimes good hair extensions cost over1，000。

So let me use chotouring as and putties to dramatically change the actual shape of the face。

Sometimes we have a take off。🎼那么的你本定要可以开门。Go through all sorts of plastic surgery and bed treatments。

Get eyebrow tattoos to make them look colder， laser hair removal， lipo suction， pool dolphin。Laser。

 hydro and crypatciials。Armpit injections can reduce perspiration。

 vaginal rejuvenation for when they wear that crusty old thing out， theyll launch a trick or choke。

Thinking that's fresh。Let me ask you this， how much time do you take to get readytti before you go out？

I shower， brush my hair。Put in out cool to be shirt than a jacket。

So my shoes with orthopedic insoles， so my feet are comfortable。

Oftentime I prepared to watch her a necklace for a bit of ornaation。Sometimes in cologne。

 sometimes not。Then I'm on my way。Comp'm competing with my skills， knowledge and personality。

You seems it might be a relief to a woman to need guy who yes， thinks she's naturally attractive。

It also likes her her personality， her sense of humor， her intellect。

Other skills and non superficial attributes as well as your looks。

I'm not down on women for some of the superficial things they're doing。

 they're just competing in a marketplace where they believe that those are men's preferences。

And they do get some social advantages for behaving that way。

 the main point that I'm getting to here is this。🎼Donump be tricked by the superficial market。

And Duke are a way to understand who length of the years。

There are a lot of really wonderful women out there that aren't subscribed for this 16 superficiality。

There are a lot of wonderful women who did go through the trouble to develop personality who make a better life for themselves。

And who do you think is going to be happier long term？

Be a better companion and a better life partner for a quality math。

 that be the woman who's done a ton of superficial shit？Try to just keep ourselves in。

World about who she is， what she looks like， and what she's up to。

Will that be a woman who's actually invested in herself in a lot of the same ways that men do？

Develop field， skills and talents so you can demand high quality in the dating pool。

You very thoughtful in nurturing with women， but if you can't get her on reasonable terms。

 you shouldn't wander at all， always remember someone else will be delighted and excited to fill that role in your life and better than she could。

Realize that many young women have about 80% of their network invested。

And makeup clothes or other beauty accessories。You'll definitely have a smartphone and may or may not have a laptop to perpetuate for marketing campaign and inside cyberspace。

It's better around the world。Much more on this topic than my exclusive1 Commandments of game interview with Luke。

Pgmaticmatic application of this commandment。 Be very cautious with your birth control。

You'd rather jack off a mountain lion with a fist full of thorns than have an unplanned child with a wrong woman。

You should take responsibility right now for controlling her ability to get pregnant。

Without the explicit intention of doing so。At a minimum。

 use condoms with every woman you have sex with that you don't want to be financially bound to for the next two decades。

We're thinking about for the rest of your life。Unwranted children will not help you build your long term value。

 much more on this in my exclusive 10 Commandments of game interview with Madison。

Helt confidence to celebrate if the wrong woman were to leave you。

You have the confidence to know that you'll find a worthier woman to take her place。

Assist in some feel good delusional affirmation。 I mean。

 literally work hard enough on your personal growth。

🎼That it would be a scary prospect for her to have to live without you。

 And any woman who would choose someone else over you wasn't much worth fussing over。

 Just go find another more suitable for your current needs and delighted to take her ex's place。

 My good friend and throwta J。 Brad talks about what he calls a value slap。

 He describes this as being such a useful person that when a woman meets you。

 she is startled by your awesomeness， deserve you were just slap in the pace。When a man meets you。

 he feels like he's been slacking him。And also has that shock of slap in the。

ISp about 90% of my waking hours thinking， learning or talking about one of the following key topicss。

Psychology， economics， and communication。They also dream about them quite a lot。

You understood those three things in past， there's not much else on earth we'd need to know。

Spak these down a bit。On psychology。Besides just being an innately fascinating topic。

 the better you understand how yourself and others think， the better your entire life is going to be。

If you don't understand the numerous biases， misinterpretations and other white bulls the human mind is subject to you're really fucked。

 you're going to be serially taken advantage of by those who do。

Other men will be more satisfied and more resourceful in most every aspect of life。

You must understand at least the basics of the history of human talk。

And your brain's adaptations to evolutionary pressures over time。

History and philosophy are the basic foundations of modern psychology。🎼非常的遗憾的女受。

It doesnn't mean you need to be a PhD in psychology。

But at least you have a direct pragmatic understanding and if why people think the way they do。

 you can avoid the pitfalls of the massess。You enjoy the myriad of benefits that comes through only thinking being。

Good foundations for further reading in this topic。5iffty psychologyych College Class， Tom Butler。

Hiffy Philosphy classics also by Tom Buck。On the top of the economic。

I don't mean academic economics here。I just mean you need to understand basic philosophy and tools of how a market functions。

If not， we're a grave disadvantage to those that do。

The sort of disadvantage that Charlie Mungger refers to as a one legged man in an aske contest。

 Other going to be able to make more sound decisions than you are。

 they will get better outcomes accordingly。Learn about basic economic principles of supply and demand in the various forces that create and shift market equilibrium。

What what a subjective marginal utility curve is and about the tradeoffs you made。

Understand cost benefit analysis。Understand basic statistical analysis。

Marketers and reporters constantly lie to us by abusing statistics you need to know normal and abnormal distributions。

 standard deviation， tail risk。The importance of sample have to avoid anecdotal and misinterpretations。

 distorts of compete intervals， probabilities。Blank probability and weighted probability。

An example of this directly applied the game would be you wanted to know if you should keep talking to the same woman or find another one。

 the only honest answer。Calculate subjective marginal utility derived by the attainment of this fantasy with prospect number one。

Times the probability of that outcome。Againt the subjective marginal utility derived by the attainment of your fantasy with prospects。

Ters fee4， et cetera， times the probability of those outcomes。

This would vary by context in the environment， obviously。You don't understand the basic tools。

 you make these decisions。Your bit of a leaf in the wind really are a disadvantage against those who do。

Continuing on， other economic things to understand。🎼Look into price elasticity and substitution of。

Understand the concept of return on investment。She can make sound decisions about how to invest her time and other resources。

Understand the concept of Ne present Pali。You can discount the future value of something。

🎼What it's really worth right now。🎼Withstand opportunity cost， switching costs。

Fixed in variable costs。Understand the value of your reputation as your personal brand。

Be thinking about the balance sheet of your life， constantly be disposing of liabilities and gathering more assets。

In the context of negotiation。🎼Always try to negotiate from a perspective of drawing the pie then getting more for yourself。

 It may be for others， too， rather than fighting for resources you perceive as scarceous。🎼Note。

 sometimes resources are sincerely scarceious。 If so， get as much as you can for you and your tribe。

Good foundational reads on this topic。Millionaire next door by Thomas Stanley。

 Viched Ta poor dad by Robert Kiosaki。And the wealth of nations by Adam Smith。

And finally the third topic， communication。You don't need to be a three times better communicator to have a profoundly superior life。

If you were a 5% or 10% better communicator， you would see some real advantages accrue。

🎼You'd have better relationships with higher quality people， get promoted over your colleagues。

 make more money with less effort。 They have more sex with better women。

Be thoughtful to understand another person's position before trying to be understood yourself。

 don't waste your time speaking to fools or others who can't or won't help you accomplish your long term goal。

That the people you do associate with speak their thoughts fully without you interrupting。

Set boundaries that it isn okay to interrupt you when you were speaking about much thoughts。

Griuththlessly being out people would not contribute to your life。

And be very atten for the needs of those who are in your life。

If you don't value other people enough to invest in them， why are you associating with them at all？

F a culture of mutual respect with your colleagues， friends， and lovers。Don't get angry with dummies。

 just get away from them。If you have to time to repeat yourself to someone。

 you either aren't making your message clearer。They don't value you enough to listen。

Where you were communicating with a slug。Don't tell friends you're sorry unless you intend to modify your behavior。

To use the word sorry and then continue to behave the same way and repeat those indiscussions。

 only it destroys your future credibility。A couple books for a layout rate on these topics。

🎼Influenced by Robert Chaldini in mixed's company by Anne Rothwell。

The art of seduction by Robert King。Dropage enclosure， I rad first。

I think understanding in these areas is a lifelong pursuit that just keeps staying off。

It's like having a diamond in mind that just keeps yielding bigger and better gems is a big deeper。

There's nothing you'd rather do than just keep piggy If you followed this path for any period of time。

 you'd have zero time left for anything mediocre， you would only stop to get nutrients and exercise so you could prolong your life and do more of what you want。

No， this doesn't mean only these be topics in a pragmatic sense。Learn about history。

 lots of these heard。Any other limitless number of fanmatically useful and fulfilling things。

Book will also inform you of three main topics， psychology， economics， and communication。

Last metric I want you to you certain to understand。It'sThe difference between value problems。

patient。The vast majority of my audience and boot campamp plans already have above average lives overall and above average accomplishments and outcomes on their scoreboard。

You're probably one of these people， very few people with low legitimate value are listening to communication from me。

They would have been sufficiently self conscious feel more utilityly defensive to stop listening long ago。

Just to make the note， however， people who haven't accomplished touch yet yet better to really get their shit together and hustle over time。

Get up this stream with the rest of us。Li is only so long。

There's no better time to start turning things around than right now。

Get a mentor to personally help you accomplish your goals。You have no time to waste。Once again。

 be remember， you don't value your time， you don't value your life。Your time is all you have。

Here's the main communication problem that comes up。

Most humans have developed some skills and who aren't neurorcphysicists。Tend to discount of talents。

 knowledge and accomplishments。They hatey things like， well， everybody knows that。

Or it's no big deal。It's just a normal thing that humans do， but I think it's great to be humble。

 I certainly would never endorse behaviorviian delusionalally confident。

Is this a rationality will lead to heartache and theasrophe？Sort that you could imagine or believe。

I certainly think we should all take full credit for the legitimate accomplishments we've earned。

People often have this self discounting mechanism， not because they're dumb or self raian。

 more so just because they're accustomed to being encurd and to biased fruit。Some examples。

You're a great sports player， you've probably been associating with other athletes。

Quite a lot along the way。You're a law firm partner。

No doubt spent a lot of time around other quality lawyers。If you're a talented musician， again。

 you've been taking lessons and working with other talented people in your area。

What this leads to is the thought that the whole world probably has skills like you when in reality。

 we are just biased because of people youve associate with。Are all similar than challenges。

But they're probably well into the top1 percent of people on earth with that talent。Meanwhile。

 the average person you're meeting out in society is。E。This is true by definition。

🎼I didn't make this product for insult Middle past。 But if you just wanted to be in the middle。

 never would bought this product。 You're listening to this right now。

 because you are just as annoyed and frustrated with mediocrity right now as I was when I was in that position。

 the difference between us than them。 You and I are going to execute。

 you and I are going to get better and better outcomes as time goes by。

They're just going to wilt and rough。Those normal people have brains functioning much like ours。

 however。And they too have been affected by the groups they've associated with。

🎼They tend to think everyone is just like them， and they discount our gifts， our abilities。

 They forget they exist。 And I think what they're doing is normal。 Now。

 they don't do this to be intentionally disrespectful at all。

 They just feel they have to entreat you with no more enthusiasm they'd have for an average person。

Best you differentiate yourself from the herd。🎼Even when you meet other exceptional people， they。

 too， may be discounting their own gifts， while also being accustomed to meeting average dull people out in society。

These women would be particularly excited to know that you're you。

If you just wake up and tell her in an emotionally relevant， fun and exciting way。

 she'd be so thrilled， she'd be so excited to be spending time with you。

The tragedy of all this is the following。Many engineers， computer science professionals， business。

 legal and medical professionals， as well as most other people who count themselves among the veiny or introverted。

 almost universally have a much bigger problem with their communications style than their legitimate value。

These are the easiest pen for me to help because they already have a lot of value to offer。

 and when they follow the preceding rules， stop beating themselves up。

Give themselves credit for their already attain legitimate accomplishments。

These guys skyrockets to success in hes and months that year。

I've had every type of person in the top 10% of the profession come on boot camp and tell me if they stuck。

Just for me to turn them around and get them laid that weekend or at least that month。

It's unbelievable to me how successful many guys are。

 but just need my guidance to help them communicate their value to a woman in a fun and emotionally rebellion way。

Then their dating life could sorted out quick。As a byproduct， their confidence goes way up。

Their careers and goals take off， too。Think about confidence you would feel in other areas of your life if you had more beautiful women contacting you and you had time to keep having sex。

That sound of joke， think that true， how would you behave differently if you had more beautiful women contacting you for sex then you would have time to keep having sex？

I think that would help you in the negotiation。That would help you and your confidence in every other form of communication in your life。

🎼发歉。🎼You earn not。No friend and Protege of mine popularularized this term in the context of Titan。

🎼You are not。Well。You were enough to keep getting about exactly the same results you've been getting。

Einstein talked about this phenomenon。So the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again。

And expecting a different result， I'm not documenting my old friend in any way。

I think he had a lot of fun and help some people who were low intellect to loosen up and have a good time in the short term。

It's being less stifled can help a dummy get later。only in the short term。

And only by his overall equal or lesser female counterpart。You want lasting high quality outcomes。

You're going to have to think differently and behave differently。

To internalize and follow the Ten Commandments of game。I'll say hi I see you pulling from the club。

You only get to live once span and like you may have heard me say。You don't value your time。

 you don't value your life。Con to accept yourself the where you are now。

It also be working to be an even better version of。So you can enjoy the best friends， best lovers。

 and the best of all other opportunities available to you。And the life you have left to live。

Exercises to help implement this command。Make the list of the things you already do well and give yourself a sincere compliment for accomplishing each of those achievements。

You may or may not be an Olympic athlete in your area。

 but write down at least five things you're already above average at。

And literally give yourself a verbal compliment for accomplishing each of those achieved。

Engage in an intentional action every day will fanibly lead to you accomplishing a current goal。

Dis action should be of sufficient magnitude to make a difference in your life outcomes。

But not so stressful that it isn't sustainable。Examples。

Spend one hour every day either reading or watching a pragmatic educational documentary。

 something that will make you more socially， physically， or financially resourceful。

Build yourself discipline and career。By taking on extra responsibility at work and executing and on itging technical well。

🎼Enroll in a boot camp with me to refine these principles in a live windfield environment and internalize them as rapidly as human。

Book recommendations for moreendous content。🎼Winning by Jackwell。

Seven habits of highly effective people， by S and Cobby。

