# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.2 你要回答这三个神圣问题_ev

🎼Commandment2。The she answer the freeac question。What will happen if this commandment is disobeyed？

You'll have less certainty and conviction than a leaf from the wind。

It will be extremely difficult to convey to others your best qualities and the benefits of knowing you。

 thus women will often just walk away or ignore you。

You will end up with an absolute bullshit quality woman compared to what would have been available to you if you followed this advice。

The commandment explained。Ask yourself and seriously answer the following three questions。

What kind of man am I？What kind of life do I want to live？

Who would be a good companion for that life？🎼Why is this important？Let's begin that。Question one。

What kind of man am I？You need to know what actually makes you happy。Not what your mommy。

 not what your friends or society told you should make you happy。

What is the actual stuff you really get excited and engaged by？What is your real sense of humor。

 not the politically correct beta mail shit you see on TV or the corporations approve of？

What are the things that really make you laugh？Do you enjoy making fun of certain groups or art types of people？

Do you enjoy making fun of different cultures that you think are inferior to your own？

What other non political correct beliefs do you have？

Fororth people in the world that you really think are getting more than they deserve。

Who the people you think are being taken advantage of， don't be one of them for fuck's sake。

What are the beliefs you would be willing to die for and under what circumstances if you don't answer this question。

 what kind of man am I， would do you have certainty about your life？

Don't even know who you are and who you're not。 If you've not drawn those distinctions in your own head。

 what could you possibly convey that to someone else。

How could you convey the most positive attributes about your personality， about your identity。

 about your deeply held beliefs and values？Or would that be possible？It's not。Answer the question。

 what kind of man am I？Question number two。What kind of life do I want to live？

You want to be a play safefe little bitch？Are you going to allow societies and post forms to limit your communication。

 or would you prefer to tolerate the social pressure of having your own opinions， values。

 and identity？Where do you want to live？How do you want to spend your time？Time is all you have， man。

 if you don't value your time， you don't value your life。

What are the things that are most important to you？How would you feel if none of this came true？

Is that something you're willing to tolerate？If you've not yet deeply thought through。

 what kind of life do you want to live？How would it be possible for you to have the best life？

Those two questions， what kind of man am I and what kind of life do I want to live。

 I like the Northern star man。Question number three。Who would be a good companion for that life？

What kind a fence view you on a half？What do you want nothing to do with？

Who would make a good sex partner for you？What does she look like， how to tall？Hows your body shape？

🎼What colored eyes， hair， skin。Where is she from？Where is the value？Whats life been like so far？

Is she really interest， what are her goals？How will you help her accomplish those goals？

What do parents do， where are they from？Does she have siblingiblings？

What are the cultural expectations for her family would have of you？

Does she give a shit about those expectations， or she holding you to an internal standard of her own？

Would be a bad thing for you。What would be the warning science？Is your diet compatible with yours。

 the fitness level， your intellectual capacity？She have a history of substance abuse？

What were relationships like with her past boyfriend？Why isn't she with them now？

I will this time be different？It's her idea of fitness related to working out， eating nutritious。

 actually taking good care of her health。Or does she think taking care of yourself means lying on the sun？

Avoiding stress from work。Was simultaneously drinking champagne at noon， doing cocaine at midnight。

ALot of girls think the proper weight loss program means extra cigarettes and cocaine。

Be willing to tolerate a woman like that。Would this particular woman be a good partner for your life？

不。Under what circumstances？What are some of the reasons you would break up？

What would have to be true for this to be your next real girlfriend？What make you change your mind？

The three questions again。What kind of man am I？What kind of life do I want to live？

Who would be a good companion for that life？Pragmatic application of this commandment。

You can't screen the girls if you don't know who you are and you don't know what you want。

Wanting those so called9s and tens without first being firming your own identity is like saying you're going to travel from New York to Los Angeles。

But instead of taking a jet he prefer to walk， he refuse to use a map or a compass。

There's no telling where the hell you'll end up。You probably guide before you get there， though。

Failure to speed out to people who are not a good fit for your lifestyle means you will be squandering in the best years of your life。

With women who treat you poorly。Become more and more resentful and contemptuous over time and are tremendously more likely to cheat on you than a woman with proper fit。

 The only way to get around this is to have a clear idea of who you are。What you want。

And go around the world creating relationships with people who can contribute to your cause。

This will take a good deal of self awareness on your part and a bit of empathy for others to make sure you're helping them achieve their goals as well。

We're on this in Commandment9。The foundation of any sustainable relationship is the ability to enhance one another's lives。

When you lack the certainty that someone gets when they think deeply about their values and live congruently according to those values。

 you're not going to be able to articulate to the girl while you belong together。

 which type perform would be inappropriate to your goals， values and lifestyle。

This is very unflattering to women。Women want to be with a man who appreciates them。

 which just the way you'd want a woman to appreciate you。

She wants to know that she's not just some woman。 You're not with her only for her looks or only for this singular or that singular attribute。

 She'd like to know that you don't want just any woman when she knows she's with a man with values。

 a man who assure sure of himself。A man is not afraid to go for the shit that he wants in life。

 he's had the ambition and the skills to go get it。And she can feel special。

She feels a certain warmth inside a certain level of commitment。

 she knows you're not just any other man， and she knows you think of her as a particularly special woman。

If you don't have this clarity and firmness in your identity， knowing what kind of man you are。

 what kind of life you want to live， and who would be a good companion for that life。

Jo aren'm going to be good at screening out women that would make a mess of your life。Thus。

 you'll be missing most opportunities with the best women you meet。

And you'll be getting involved with one train wreck after another， or just masturrbating alone。

 wondering why no one wants to spend time with you。You must think deeply on these three questions。

 and know your value to a quality woman， and also know what type of woman is unsuitable for your life。

Regardless of how pretty she might be para nice she might act in the short term。

 this is a situation where the enemy of great is good。

 settling for a woman that's okay fit will at best provide you an okay life。

You're sure is' hell I'm not going to lead to greatness。Her health love happiness for you or her。

Don't settle for good。Just screen harder， just open a few more sets man， meet more women。

 enjoy the adventure anyway the best game adventure a young man can live。

This damn adventure an old man can live， most just arent constituted to go for it。

If you've got it in you to persist and master the fundamentals。

 you're going to have a great time down this path， you're going to have the journey of your life。

Most people's lives will never consist of， they'll never know the joy。

 they'll never know the tremendous adventure of living the life of your own design。

Your own independent thought and enjoying tremendous success of your own making。

Having this basic identity level understanding of yourself is your compass that will allow you to quit wasting time。

It's rapidly soring through the crowd to get for the very best women for you。

This might not sound exciting to you， but it's the absolute foundation of getting and keeping premier women。

Ignore it your own peril。A story from earlier in my life。Spent 28 months with a woman。

 was not a good fit for me， I should have known the day we met this wasn't going to work out well。

There were some good benefits。She was just as beautiful as any woman you could see on TV in a magazine in front of Billboard。

 she was very thoughtful and nice to me most of the time。

I had sex whenever I wanted with a beautiful woman。She's happy to cook for me anytime I ask。

She wasn't messky at all， she was conscientious about keeping house clean。We had many three stems。

 we had three stems over 100 times just with her best friend。

It's very common that that woman would be over with us， either at my place or my girl's place。

Theyre both gorgeous， so that's a part thing to walk away from。

See my interview with Jeffrey covering elite concepts about how to have three sum sustainably。

Despite some of the fun times this woman brought to my life， it wasn't worth the distraction。

It wasn't worth the lowering of myself self esteem to be with someone。Who I can so out the at times。

This women had a lot of anxiety and phobias。She scared to get on a escalator。

 an elevator could never get on a chest。I travel about 51 weeks a year。

It's not compatible with my lifestyle to be around a woman wouldn get in a goddamn check。

Who's rid of an escalator and a elevator cant even function in life？

She's also a bit of a binge drinker。She didn't have to have alcohol every day。

 but she did drink alcohol over half of the days we were together。And most of the time that was fine。

 or at least tolerable。But about every three weeks there'd be a biningge drinking episode。

 just insane drunkenness。Being the nerd I am， I started to track this and look for a correlation with her menstrual cycle。

 and then even with a lunar cycle， how fucking insane is that？

How much of my time had I been wasting tracking her lunacy？

Instead of just doing productive things and getting more done while I was still in my 20s。

 this is very distracting to my goals after enough of these binge drinking episodes with her passing out in random places。

Bing actinging a fool， waking up hung over and smelling bad too I think got tired of hearing in the apologies in the morning。

 an apology doesn't matter if you're not going do anything about it。

 to tell someone you're sorry then repeat the behavior every three Goddm weeks。

 it's not to reel I'm sorry， you're just a fool that doesn't have control of themselves。

When you allow someone like that in your life， they're training you to no longer trust them。

 they're training you that even during the good times you used to have。

 you now have in the back of your head is a mess right around the corner。

Train wreck' is about to happen。He doesn't feel good。

 can't even enjoy what used to be good times together。Also。

 when you allowed us to persist in your life， you start to feel bad about yourself。

What does it say about you that you have somebody like this causing these disruptions and actinging up like that？

You just can't be around people like this， you got to send them back in。

Just let me to eventually get hit of her。Ventful final straw on this。

As I come home to find her drunk in the afternoon， spend drinking vodka all day。

 and now decided to have some chocolate milk。When I walked in the door。

 I knew immediately she was a goddamn mess and unpreable to be seen with people that we were supposed to meet later that night。

She and I make eye contact and she knows that I'm upset about her drinking。

She holds that eye contact with me and pours out the chocolate milk on my no oak floors。Of course。

 I thought what any rational man would think that being that I should either kill her immediately。

Or go in another room and lock myself away from her so I don't kill her immediately。 to that point。

 she threatens to burn my diplomas in the fireplace and pour more liquids on the oak floors。

That was enough。 I helped herpack her shit the next day， I promised myself never again。

It was a turning point when I went on three boot camps myself in the aftermath。

That night I signed up for two of those boot camps at a 1 on1 boot camp with Jeff。

 first available was two weeks out。I then had another one on one boot camp with Owelin two weeks after that。

A few months later， I went back at a third one I won bootuc Campampthelon。You know what。

 after those first two boot camps， I had my life back to 100% or better。

I having a lot of sexless new women， it's really enjoying it。Sa my life today， it's 1。

000% of what it was then， it's at least 10 times better。

I've experienced some of the most premiering and gloriousious pickup stories of all time since I broke up with her。

Would have ruined my entire life that I stayed with that woman。

Exercises to help implement this commandment。Answer the fucking questions。

YouMt spend time with yourself alone and undistracted to cut through the shit and get to the core of these questions。

 some of you might want to spend 10 days at a a pass ina retreat doing deep meditation。

 I've never done that shit， some people swear by it。The dirt preferred shortcut method。

 lock yourself in your bathroom for at least 48 hours。Think plenty of food and hygiene products。

Be good hands， a brand new notebook of at least 200 pages。Keep your phone， your computer。

 and any other distractions far away from you。Don't touch them。

 don't be distracted by another human either for any reason。

 see if you're not much more clear about your values after those days of solitude。Nope。

Don't be a dummy。Obviously be well provisioned and don't do anything that would cause her death or serious injury。

Go for medical attention if you feel you need it。Book recommendations for more on this topic。

How I found freedom in an unfree world by Harry Brown。W of the superiori man by David Tata。

