# 十戒：2 肖恩解读：游戏十诫2.0 肖恩介绍_ev

Welcome， this is Sean。 I'm very excited and proud to bring you this program It the type of program I wish I had had when I was starting on this journey。

 And my expectation is that it will shave 4 to five years off your learning curve and even allow you to achieve levels that never would have been otherwise possible。

 I met Derek about three and a half years ago and was completely blown away by a sense of certainty。

 his magnetism and mastery of social dynamics。 I've been working on this area of my life for a long time now。

 And I've worked with many of the guys who are the best in the world as success with women。😊。

Every one of them spoke about Derrerick as being a legend， one of the all time grades。 You know。

 when you hear a lot of stories about someone who's supposed to be legendary and then you meet them and they don't quite live up。

 Derrick was the exact opposite of that。 What I saw was a person embodying these principles to the absolute core and gave the type of success in every area of his life quickly that alludes even great men forever。

I spent the last three years having amazing adventures with Dererick。

  building a truly elite team of successful， like minded guys and articulating the lessons I've learned from him to students all over the world。

 But when we SAT down to make this program， I kept having to come back and add in more content because there is so much to teach。

 we then distilled that content to make the most potent experience possible。😊。

This program is specifically designed to give you both life changing epiphanies。

 practical hands on advice and actionable steps you can take immediately。

 I'm honored to be part of your journey to the next level and to share the information that has had such an impact on my life。

 So thank you。 And I hope you get as much enjoyment learning these lessons as we did。😊。

