# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.4 你要考虑当时社交动态_ev

Commandment 4。I shall discern the logistics and social dynamics of the interaction。

What will happen if this commandment is disobeyed？Youll waste your nights making nice conversations and interactions that lead to nowhere。

Mandth， nice to meet you。Girl's friends will drag her away， even if she likes you。

girl who would have been excited and delighted to meet you and have your children will go home with an inferior man or alone as you were too busy wasting your life to come meet her and make a magical connection。

🎼The commandment explained。This topic alone would require multiple volumes to cover in detail。

It is best taught in field in a life boot camp format。

 providing nuanced cas to put you on a mastery in this skill is one of the most important things I help people with in my boot camp program。

Go to Rsspderk。com for more information on my schedule。

Here are some key bullet pointsks you can implement now。

 you must understand the matrix of your prospect girl's social situation。

This will help you make the most effective and efficient use of your time。

When you are looking for a girl who will go home with you to night， you must understand。

 no matter how much she likes you， she is also balancing her relationships with others when deciding what to do with the rest of her evening。

She will ultimately decide to do whatever she perceives is most self serving。

Some of the considerations she's likely awaiting include。Her current emotional state。

Her subjective cost benefit analysis of the positive utility she might experience having sex with you versus the disutility she might feel from any peer group pressure she might receive for doing so。

She's also weighing the benefits of other men she met tonight or works with or knows from her peer group。

 or that she might meet later。Versus being with you， she's weighed the benefit of getting more sleep。

She's weighaning it against the other guys she might meet this month。

 that she might like better than you。Because if she fucks you。

 she might be judged more harshly later for hooking up with him too。

She might be there with a selfish or jealous friend who wants to monopolize for her。

There's a thousand other factors， man。In economics。

 they call this a subjective marginal utility curve。It's not just apples versus oranges。

 it's speed dimensional， it's apples versus every other facet of her life as she should make an economic decision to lean towards that。

🎼Rather than you。Ultimately， she will do whatever she thinks to be the most short term fun and or the most awesome experience to her overall life。

dependspends on her values， goals， and other circumstances。A lot of it just depends on her mood。

Pagmatic application of this commandment。First， understand every interaction you have with a woman from now until you die or give up on sex。

You could find out the following information within two to five minutes。Where are you from？

Who are you here with tonight？How do you know each other？Where are you staying tonight？

What are you doing in the morning？If you don't have these five questions burned into your head already。

 she write them in your phone immediately。This is the basic information you need to know to be able to decide if the interaction is worth continuing。

 or if you should just move to a better logistical opportunity。Example。Woman one。She's new in town。

In the club alone doesn't know anyone in town yet。Came there to meet new friends。

Lives right up to Terrace。Doesn't have to work and has no plan for tomorrow。Says she loves your look。

 would love to do a shot together versus Wo too。She lives two hours away。

 he's in the club with her UFC fighter fiance， who was two feet from you talking to her dad。

Gs to leave in 20 minutes because they are driving home tonight。

 is perfectly sober and has to work in the morning。

Are you really going to waste 20 minutes of your life with Wo two when you know people like Woman one exist in the world？

After you get your fundamentals in order， the two things you will spend all of your time and mental energy dealing with are screening for logistics and dealing with her peer group。

That is what 80% of your energy will go to after you master the fundamentals of creating attraction。

 moving things forward to sex consistently。If you decide to stay in an interaction where the logistics seem great or manageable。

 those five questions are your northern star on how to overcome minor or moderate obstacles and even to turn them in your favor。

For example， like hooking up her single friend if you are a wing man。

Make sure you use these tools conversationally。This means。

Tell her about your logistics while asking about hers。

This gives her an understanding of your situation that night。

 it also gives you content to make easy and productive conversation out of。

Simply asking someone five semi personalsonal questions in a row。Without offering reciprocation。

 it's pretty damn strange， don't be that guy。Some examples of this are very simple。

If you ask the girl， where are you from？When she answers， reciprocate and tell her where your's from。

And then over Sha and tell her， I'm here with these two guys and those two girls tonight。

 who you here with？And when she answers her， say， oh well。

 how you guys all know each other and tell her how you and your friends know each other and so on and so on。

Make it conversational， you don't have to have them five in a row， talk about other things。

 other things are going to happen in the environment， your buddy's going to come wing with you。

 her friends are going to come join her， greet the friend proactively。

 introduce yourself to the friend， let the friend know your logistics。

 tell the friend about your other cool friends。Tell a friend about where you're from。

 what you like about the city you're in。Give her context for your life and context for why you and her friends like each other。

There are a couple situations that it might be worth fighting out the tough logistics because there's still your best option。

 for instance， where there are a limited number of quality interactions available in your current environment。

 it's ta to leave the club and go to a better environment。

Or when you meet a girl that you're particularly excited about， because she's very unique。

 very beautiful， whatever it might be， and you're down to fight that logistical war。

 There are a lot of things you can do to move an interaction in your favor。Here are a few。

Conviitt your personality in an exciting and compelling way。More on this in commandment 5。

Make sure you're generating sincere fun from within fun is very attractive to a woman。

She can't get enough of it， she's addicted， she's naturally drawn to it。

 or on this in Commandment six。Make it easy for the girl to follow your lead。

 have a life full of fun adventures to invite her along on。More on this in commandment 7。

 Also at this point， she should subconsciously know that sex with you would be an amazing experience。

 and that it is not a big deal for you， just a natural way of you expressing your attraction for her。

 More on this in commandment 8。Heillper and her peer group accomplish their goals too。

 this way they aren't just cog blocking you， we're on this in commandment 9。

A good story that exemplifies a strong command understanding the social dynamic of what's going on in an interaction。

 came about while I was hanging out at Tower Beach out in Las Vegas a few years ago。

My best wing man and I were running a mu in the club， just making a message shit。

 we're having a lot of fun。In spite of these few guys， they had the best cabana。

 they had the best real estate in the club that night， cost them something like 15。

000 for few bottles of liquor and a place to sit。There's these group of guys that are' dressed up in costumes。

 but it's not Halloween and it's like their celebration from MIT。

 they finish their graduate degrees and they're out in the club having a party。

 but they're not having as any success with pes。They got the best real estate， we' having some fun。

 but they just dont how to move the interactions from forward。

My buddy and I come talk a little shit with them。I tell him him and got great cabana。

 we're going to bring some girls over here we going to help you drink that surplus of alcohol you've got。

TheGs cool with it， group leader， by the way， is trash like Elvis。I called it MIT Elvis。

We're walking around， we just meet some girls in the club， we're bring them over to the cabana。

 introduce a few girls to the guys， found some more girls for ourselves， we're having a fun time。

 throwing girls on the guys， got girls hanging on us， everybody's got free booze。

 we the best seating in the whole damn club， everything's beautiful。

I meet these two Canadian girls bring them and invite them to the party， Everything's going great。

 we're having a lot of banter， things are getting sexual， mescalating with the girls， she likes it。

 she's receptive， everything's great and then MIT Eldvis comes along。

 group leader of the Jos and the girl CoBM and she says something to the effect of I called her a bitch or a couple other things。

It hurt her little feelings and Elvis， he's not trying to tool me。

 he just doesn't know any better MIT Elvis comes along he was like okay man。

 you really got to be nice to the girls man you can't call girls pitches just apologize will you apologize please He's not trying to tool me he's being a sincerely nice guy he thinks this is the bathroom in the way and the light and that's why he had no girls before my buddy and I showed up。

In any case I tell MIT Elvis like oh this pitch， a fuckcker and the bush is over there I had her by the hand。

 he seems kind of shocked， she's receptive to fall my lead says as a matter of fact， I am come here。

 I record her across the club away from Elvis and you have to walk past a wall of bush is to get to the other side where the bathroom is there's a big pool over there a big swimming pool a bunch of cabanas set up and I let the girl by the hand pass the cabanas because there's an obstruction you can't get directly to them。

 you have to go by the bathrooms and you can get to the cabanas when you get by the bathrooms there's a poor peasant man there that he's duty in the world is to say ladies to the right gentleman to the left。

 ladies to the right， gentlemen to the left。That's his highest and best use in the world that's the thing he found to do with his time so I got to approach this guy and it's his job to not let a man and a woman go in the bathroom together and it's his job to make sure that we don't go fucking those cabanas off on the side over there。

So he's kind of adamant and I'm not supposed to do that and I told him butly， hey man。

 we're going to grab one of these cabanas over here， be cool about it and I try to hand him $20。

He refuses to take the money。And he said all we can't do with that I can't let that happen oh lose my job and he's just trying to be a good employee。

 everybody here has good intentions， MIT Elvis he's got good intentions more on that in a minute。

This port bastard， he's got good intentions。But the thing is， he's interfering with my sex life。

So I said，"Hey man， take this money， let's go do our thing， be cool down， all I can't。

 I can't get a dress shirt with a pocket on the front， so I s money in his pocket and say， man。

 this is what we're doing， be cool about it。So now he've got the option of like。

 you can either call security and have me kicked out of the place after I just gave him 20 bucks and I was pretty cool with him。

or you can just let it happen I grab up the girl， go off on the side in the cabana， we do our thing。

 it's pretty graphic， it's mischievous and fun we both had a delightful time and we got to walk past to do it again。

 thank him on the way out everything's cool and never called security no problem we go back between our friends everything's cool about off from the girl get back with my buddy and we go meet some new girls。

Now's take a moment to talk about MIT Elvis， why did I handle things the way I did with him。

 why did he behave the way he did？Well I kind of touched on that part， he just ran to be a nice guy。

 he just follow in normal social conventions， be nice to the woman， be nice to the woman。

 you can't say these things。🎼Ettera， et cetera。 The thing is。

 the girl's really having a great time with me。 She knew what she was doing， maybe not consciously。

 but subconsciously。 She knows that I'm the leader of my team。

 She sees that he's the leader of physical group。 She got the feeling we don't know each other extremely well。

 And she just wants to play us off of each other。 We got the best real estate。

 We're both very confident with ourselves。 She just want to play us off each other and see， like。

 who's the real alpha male in this situation。 And she'll be excited to go with him。

 She didn't care if it was Elvis， She didn't care if it was me。

 whoever could dominate that situation。 If they were also a decisive leader and willing to lead her。

 Obviously， she was down to hook up。😊，I just want to help you grow accomplish their goals。

 help you limit accomplish their goals， man。When I seen what she's up to that she was just trying to discern who the leader is。

 I know I just have to dominate him politely， I don't need to punk the guy。

 need to be mean to the guy we just met but we're sort of allies， He and I are on the same team。

 he's just trying to be a good guy。I got to punk him。

 I got to show it that I'm the leader of that social situation。

 see that I have the social savvy to deal with it better than he does。

If I grab the girl and we just do our thing。Be aware of these opportunities There's a lot of things out there that they might be counterintuitive。

 they might not be obvious to you but at the end of the day if you're helping other people accomplish their goals。

 I basically going love you man， we' going and get a lot of things done that a normal person would never do I helped MIT Elvis accomplish his goals threw more girls on him。

 help him and his boys get laid。He helped us accomplish our goals because we had the best real estate and a lot of free liquor all night。

 as much as we wanted for ourselves and the girls， helped the girl accomplish her goal and meeting a cool guy and hooking up and having an adventurous store in a Las Vegas nightclub while she's visiting a new country。

 I helped the door guy accomplish his goals and puts the money in his pocket。

 told him thank you made him feel good about himself for the decision that he made。

And I accomplished my goals of being cool and having fun just had an amazing adventure at sex with a beautiful woman。

 everybody wins man。Look for those opportunities to help each other out。

 look for those opportunities to even help strangers out when they can add to your fau or add to your cause as well。

Exercises to help implement this commandment。Esco five logistical questions of every interaction you have with a woman within the first two to five minutes。

Every woman you speak to from now until you're in de。Until you give up on sex。Here they are again。

Where are you from？Who are you're here with tonight？How do you know each other？

Where are you staying tonight？What are you doing in the morning？

Book recommendations for more on this topic。The evolution of desire by David Bus。

Emotional intelligence by Daniel Goldman。The prince and Nilo Macchiavelli。

