# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.1 主课介绍_ev

The ten0 commandments have gained。Introduction。Congratulations and welcome to the  Ten0 Commandments of Ga。

If you habituate these  ten0 rules into your dating lifestyle。

 you will get better results with women in the next three months。

Than OnR I did in our first three years。I've been going out for 15 years meeting beautiful women all around the globe and enjoying a sex and dating lifestyle that substantially better than most men could ever dare to dream or even lie about。

In that time， I dated three Playboy playmates。A maximum model。Several TV personalities。

A couple of ElLIS celebrities， professional athletes。Taken women from other pro athletes。

 award winning stars， musicians， and plenty of random guys right in front of them。

Oated much younger women。They had three sums of beautiful women hundreds of times。

Ha had sex with women。 I have met in every place imaginable。

 I've lived years of my life dating multiple women。 at the same time。 I've also had long term。

 meaningful and committed relationships that have never seen equal to by anyone one else。

Acomplish every damnm goal I've ever had in this area of my life。You may ask。

Why do I care about this borderline narcissist dt？The answer？

Because I'm really not much of a narcissist at all。

But I can teach you the tools to build any sort of dating lifestyle you might want。

I've trained many of RSD's current and former instructors how to get similar results for themselves。

 have influenced all of them how to personally do better。

 and also to get better results for our clients。I've been involved in managing and growing RSD as an external advisor and later as a member of their board of directors for over a decade now。

I've coached several private clients when they've called in and offered to pay 10，000 for a weekend。

 or 25，000 for a week for my guidance。On how to build an elite dating lifestyle。In recent years。

 after earning my graduate degree from perhaps the most respected business school in the world。

And having my personal finances in fantastic shape。

 I've even made time to coach a couple hundred public boot camp programs all around the world。

 where I helped regular guys step up and attain exceptional results。

Pickup has never been a primary source of income for me， however。

 I earn less than 10% of my income from these efforts。Rather。

 game has done the most passionate hobby of my life。

It taught me practical psychology and tremendous detail。

This helped me to build amazing relationships not only with some of the world's most desirable women。

But also in a friendship or business context with many of the world's most desirable men。

The greatest gift I've gotten from my time with RSD。

It's been a social platform to meet some of the most intelligent and motivated people of our time。

People just like you。There's a whole lot of stimulus competing for our attention in the modern world。

Most people don't have the time or attention span to make commitments to standing out as you have chosen to by seeking expert guidance to build an even better life for yourself。

Congratulations on all your past and present accomplishments。And most of all。

 congratulations and your accomplishments to come。A couple of structural notes about its product。

Humans have a odd relationship to knowledge。We pretend to know things we can't know。

 and we ignore things that are well known。I created the  Ten Commandments of game with my team to convey the most potent and relevant concepts you need to get you from where you are to where you want to be fast。

I focused on the 10 most important drivers。That if holistically integrated into your lifestyle。

 will cut right through the ship。Transform your communication with women to be much more impactful。

 efficient and effective。This program will help you get rid of women， it would be a pain in your ass。

 it will get you paird with the best women in the world， the life you want to live。

In addition to this very focused core program， I wanted to include additional insights from some of the men I've met on my journey in game who have executed on these very concepts and are literally living their dating dreams。

I traveled around the world twice to collect these jams from over two dozen men。

Whose hustle and dating lifestyles I most respect。And then archive this timeless knowledge all in one place。

 so you can refer back for a quick reference of fundamentals or do an extremely deep dive on the nuances。

That led to the success of all these other men。And will lead to your success as well。

I say timeless because these are not concepts that are limited to a specific time or a specific culture。

These are principles that if followed， would have led to an amazing dating in life 2000 years ago。2。

000 years from now or at any point in between。If this sounds praatic or self inggrandizing。

 understand this。These guys are from different countries and continents all around the world。

They came from dramatically different cultures。They vary dramatically in their appearance and age。

They have all sorts of varied educational levels。They live vastly different lifestyles and are attracted to vastly different types of women。

Yeah。You do have one thing in common， they' have all attained massive success in their dating life by following these  ten commandments of game。

My co speaker on the Ten Commandments of game Seann。

traveled with me extensively for the past three years。

 he has meticulously documented his learnings and insights from me have watched him reach levels of success in this area that equals many of the best in the world。

While also till it in other domains in his life， I expect high levels of success from all of my close friends and assistants。

 what sets him apart from most others， his ability not only to internalize his information and act on it with fantastic results。

 but also to communicate it articulately and impactfully to others I invite him on this main program so you can hear these concepts brokenken down in even deeper detail from an additional expert perspective。

Internalize them to your core， then execute your way to a better lifestyle than you may even be able to currently imagine。

On occasion， he and I have similar nuanced topics or concepts covered in different areas of the Ten Commandments。

This is not intentional， but。I saw no need to reconcile these nuances to be fully synchronized with one another。

I chose to proceed this way for the following reason。

🎼The 10 Commandments aren separate silos for you to pick and choose from your convenience。

These are 10 rules that if holistically integrated into your thoughts and being。

 will transform your life entirely。Yes， such， it makes no difference if I talk about a particular concept in one commandment and he brings it up in another。

 See how we think slightly differently about a few topics covered within will simply give you more context about how to apply these rules to your own life and achieve great success in this area。

If you adapt the pick and Cho method and ignore key concepts for any reason。

 don't be surprised when your results are suboptimal。

 but if you take these concepts to heart and execute diligently。

 don't be surprised when your outcomes far surpass your current goals。

Welcome to the Ten Commandments of Game。