# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.7 你要邀请她加入你的冒险_ev

🎼Commandment 7， Thou shalt invite her to join your adventure。

What will happen if this commandment is disobeyed？She want to have a robust enough experience with you to feel excited and comfortable enough to have sex with you。

Or she won't stay long term because she knows she'll find a better option。Pepending on the context。

 shell think you either don't like her， that you're a loser or that you're a pussy。

She wanted to pussy， she would just become a lesbian。She doesn't need you。Commandment explained。

Women universally want to be with men that other men admire and other women desire。

If you builds the kind of life you're enthusiastic about， excited to wake up and live every day。

 it'll be much easier for a woman to want to come along for that fun and adventure。

If you're not even excited about your own life， don't be surprised when women aren't either。

In an ideal world， observing your life should make the following facts clear to the woman。

You are a quality man。You're respected by other quality men。If she wasn't spending time with you。

 another beautiful woman would be delighted to take her place。Her friends are jealous of her。

 they wish they found their equivalent of a guy like you。

Her friends may well try to fuck or date you。If you weren't together。Or even if you are。

It doesn't matter if your goal is to be a skateboarder or a tech billionaire。

You'll find a great woman who is excited to be with you so long as you're accepting of who you are and you're on your path to being an even better version of yourself of great importance to women with options however。

 is that you really are the person you present yourself to be。When she sees you having fun。

 being be respected and being emotionally stable across environments。

She feels confident about who you are。 This is called congruence。

You'll likely be less judgmental if you behave differently at work。

 because in this context you're involved in an obvious transactional relationship。

Where you're being paid to adhere to the norms of a different culture。

If you substantially different in non work related environments， however。

 like in front of her friends or family or your friends and family。Don't be surprised， of course。

 if she does judge you for that。It's perhaps no better indicator to her of her ability to trust you than this subtle information。

When she sees you lying to people that you're close with， she knows you lie to her as well。

WShe sees you behaving consistently in cross environments。

 especially when she knows you're tolerating a lot of social pressure that a normal man wouldn't be able to handle in that particular context or environment。

She knows you're the man you present yourself to be。She feels safe with you。

 she feels she can trust you。She feels like you're a man with core values and real integrity through the type of guy that's signed your path。

You're not compromising about who you are or what you want。In brief， she thinks you're a fucking cha。

The same phenomenon holds true with through other relationships as well。

When you're friends or people in business relationships with you。

 seeing you a fucking act fake in different environments， see you talk to them one way。

 you act different in front of one client， you act different in front of other coworkers。

 you act different when your boss is present than when he's not。

 when they see you acting out a character， when they see those incongruencies。

 they know you're not to be trusted man。Not only is this shit fucking up Kas dating lives。

 it's also fucking up their career， it's fucking up every aspect of their relationships with other humans。

 humans don't like this shit dude。It's why I harp so much， it's why I say it。

By the first commandment。Take personal responsibility for your life。

 then the second commandment to know who you are， know what you want， and don't compromise that shit。

People want to be around others whose thoughts， words， and actions are in alignment。

Make sure you're one of these people。At at a minimum。

 make a list of all the reasons that you are legitimately proud to be the man you are already。

Know your values and goals and live by them congruently。And continuously。

Make sure you're taking action every day to be an even better version of yourself。

These are a few simple behaviors that any human with a bit of self respect could put in action this week。

You can start building the habit to start habituating yourself to present yourself in a more compelling way in a congruent and consistent way that shows your values。

 it shows your goals in a way that can make other people trust you。

That you are who you present yourself to be。And they know if they hang out with you。

 you're not going to f around。Not going to get distracted by shit。

 that would violate the core relationship tenets of you and that person doing cool shit together and getting shit done。

Your business partner wants to know if they don't need a contract with you to know that you're not going to change your fucking mind later。

 but you're still going to be on task and get shit done。

 you're going to help each other accomplish your goals。

The woman wants to know that she doesn't need a fucking contract for you to be fucking around on her。

Women don't want to spend their prime years with a guy when they don't know who he is with fucking he wants。

 because she knows fucking 10 years later， if you have a fucking different option， a better option。

 if something you perceive as a better option in the short term。

 you're likely to go fuck somebody else， get some other woman knocked up。

Leave her for lesser well then God knows what。Women are evolutionarily adapted to see this shit and be very turned off when they see a guy who's not seen himself。

This congruence and consistency really allows you to stand out in a very positive way for very minimal effort。

 to just the effort of thinking through your own kdm identity and being unapologetic for who you are。

 what you want， what you stand for， who's going to be a good companion to live that life with you。

I want to stress again， you don't have to be super successful in life ready。

You're a young man at really any age and you don't have a tremendous amount of accomplishment under your belt ready。

Gues what most other people your age don't either most other people have just been doing normal shit。

 just average shit having average life outcomes and being content enough with it but not really motivated to do shit simply by listening to this program you' self selected that you're not one of those people。

If you were interested in normal average shift， you won be listening to my van。

You' going to be going out of your way to meet other guys like yourself。

You just be fucking off with some potato chips and beer on a couch。

 watching a fucking sports game or something。P simply seen you have some integrity， a plan。

 and a path。Makes you scanned out far above all those others。

You travel the previous commandments and implement this as well。

You're going to be weed into the 99th percentile of attractive men out there when you find the type of woman that's compatible with you。

 she's going to game you up。She's going to help solve logistics for you。

She's going to be excited to follow your lead。 She's going to be an enthusiastic and loyal partner you could have a tremendous life experience with。

It won't take you three goddamn years to come to these conclusions like it took Owen and I。

 you can do this in the next two， three months。You could exemplify a lot of these behaviors this week。

 think they shit through deeply， then just be yourself man。

After you've got this part of your life in order， invite her alarm to spend more time with you so you can both get a sense of each other's lives Point is not at all to impress the girl。

Only for both of you to find out in more detail， if you have legitimate compatibility。

 I only stress the point of achievement so much， so your life is getting closer to optimal。

So you have other things to focus on and you don't catch oneitis and act like a ch when you find an amazing girl that would have been naturally compatible with you if you stop fucking around and just act like yourself。

These masks and facades that guys are putting on because they don't want to offend and they don't want to alienate and they don't want to come off too strong or to this or too that。

You'ressing on your own feet， dude。And guys act this way fucking it's like they take on their little dio but they're aiming it right at their foot。

 piing all over their shoe。And they say， "Derek， why are I toes soggy。

 why do I feel this moisture in my shoe， stop this man。

 if you're one of these people that's cool this shit to yourself， stop it today， ever again。

Women are naturally attracted to guys that are at ease。feel comfortable in their own skin。

 feel comfortable being themselves。It's easy for a pretty woman to be in the presence of a guy like that because most other guys start acting real needy。

Try to impress her， try to do all sorts of creepy shit in front of her or to her。

To get her attention and differentiate themselves in the wrong way。

 this is just you presenting in your way of being， presenting who you sincerely are。

She'll be excited to spend time with a guy like you， even if it doesn't go somewhere。

 and even if you and her aren't compatible， she knows if she has fucking hot friends。

They would enjoy spending time with to do it like you。And should be excited to invite them along。

That's like a new social asset in her environment， spending time with a guy that's just cool and relaxed。

 even if it ain't for her， it's not her specific brand or type of guy that she's exactly excited about。

 it's be really easy for her to endorse you to her friends who she knows has been looking for a guy like you。

You pay yourself great dividends by being that type of guy。

Another of those dividends is and a woman does like you， she's going to be reaching out to you。

're going to be on your path going about your life。

 she's going to be texting and calling you she's going to be hitting you up asking for your time and attention。

It's not a bad place to be in， man。Here's the next comment pit after you have a woman's attention。

 you don't take the next steps to logistically move things forward and invite her to your life。

You have to think one of the following。Either you don't really like her much。

 therefore you must have better options or she's not the type of girl that you get excited about。

Yourre a loser have nothing cool to do in your life。

 therefore there are literally those short term or long term adventures for her to be a part of。

Le not insight sight。Or you're some kind of pussy in which case cool stuff may or may not exist in your life and she'd be excited to learn more about it。

 you're too much of a coward to invite her to spend time with you so she really doesn't have the option to find out she's just going to go somewhere else instead。

Don't fall into any of those traps。Gragmatic application of this commandment。

Build a lightss for proud to live。If you want to consistently and sustainably attract nines and tens。

 you need to be a nine or a1。There's no tip trick or tactic that's going to overcome this reality。

You can be a six and dateta physical nine whos otherwise an overall four。

 but if you're going to date women that are overall nines， better be pretty well developed yourself。

Pro a quote from Charlie Mungger。He says the best way to get what you watch in life is to deserve it。

The world isn't insane enough to go around highly rewarding undeserving people。

If you don't get like a superhero at the moment， again don't worry about it。

 the next best thing to being the guy that you wish you already were is to be clearly focused on becoming that person in the future。

Youthful ambition can frankly be even more sexy than actual success。

When contrasted against the sea of losers out there。

 look pretty damn good just being aman with a plan who's executing on it。A note about entitlement。

As my assistant Sean explains in even more detail，Entitlement isn't like an emotion or some childish exuberance a man feels。

Entitlement is not a child like gidiness。Titlement is actually a lack of emotion。

 Thetitlement is exactly what you feel when you turn on your light switch at home。

It's what you feel when you put your shoes on before you go outside。

A lot of men get confused by entitlement。Find it just shocking and how many really high quality men show up on boot camp。

And somehow magically think they have lower value than an average woman。

There are a lot of fantastic guys out there that are misperceiving their legitimate values。

Please pay close attention here。I'm not telling anybody to be a narcissist。

 I'm I telling anybody to have sex and relationships where they are so emotionless。

 it's what you feel when you turn on your light switch。I wouldn't say that at all is ridiculous。

 The whole point for me or you or anybody else， The reason that we got drawn into game is we could have better relationships and happier emotions and just more fulfilling life over all。

😊，But on the other extreme， make sure you're giving yourself legitimate credit for your actual accomplishments。

No doubt you've already done a long list of things that have differentiated you from others already。

Just like you might be discounting yourself and your legitimate value or accomplishments。

 make sure on the other extreme you're not idealizing a woman。

Don't put women down I think they're less than they are。

 but get to know and be objective about who she is and what she is and what type of path you could possibly have going forward together。

Sure all don't idealize her to think that she's something mystical or some cyber and that's going to change your life。

A woman's not going to do much of anything for you that you can't do for yourself or that another woman wouldn't be excited to do in the right circumstance。

Don't idealize any woman with any of this crazy mysticism。Had a physical attribute。

 it's that she's fucking otherworlly princess， Gods， et cetera。

 you must have bumped your head if you believe that shit。

Homen don't want to be idealized and men don't want to be idealized either when you idealize another human。

 you conveying your own  about who they are， simultaneously putting in a lot of pressure on them to live up the crazy expectations that they never signed up for。

Some fools that go around idealizing women and other men for that matter。

And later are mad when these people don't live up to their expectations。

God damneth could never agreed to live up to your expectations。

You created a little fantasy world in your head， you impose that on somebody else。

 you idealize the individual， then you idealize the relationship。

 then guys get but hurt later when the girl doesn't live up some standard that she didn't even know existed and never agreed to live up to。

If you're one of these guys， top this shit immediately。

Don't let people who are closelyky idealize you either。

And you're the type of guy that's like very egoically motivated and always gloing about your accomplishments during good times。

Taking full credit or even more credit than is objectively due when things are going well for you。

 guess what's going to happen later， man？When something bad happens。

 first it's going to hurt your ego and lessen your self esteem because you're not living up to your own identity or your own self concept。

Which was unsustainable and idealistic itself。Then on top of that。

 because you' been playing this absurd character in front of others。

They're going to think it's incongruent， they're going to say what's wrong with Tude。

 he's acting the same success that he's always had。And on top of that， look how buttered he is。

So you okay？But I can think is he okay in a good way during're going to think of like， oh？

We need to get him professional help because he's suicidal。He said。

 maybe I should send him to a doctor and then break up with him and go find a real man。

This is not an thing。When you let other people idealizeSU。

 later around they're going to demon ISU too， as soon as you have a hard time soon as something goes wrong。

You're going to find out really quick that like all the people that like put up with your gloating and your cockiness and your arrogance on the one hand。

 they're going to be gone real quick， dude， they're going to be gone real quick。

Just when you're having the toughest time in your relationship。

 that's when your girl feels that incongruency and then she starts to test you。

 maybe even mock you behind your back you're going to feel like damn，What's going on here？

When things were going good， like I shared that with her， I thought everything was cool。

 I thought everything was good， why is she treating me this way？

Well she's evolutionarily developed to do that it's not her fault， she's not being a bad woman。

 quite literally you were being a bad man by creating false expectations in her head。

About the type of person you are， and then behaving in a way as if it was going to be that way forever or eternity。

When she sees these incongruencies， she see that you had too much bravado， talk too much shit。

 then couldn't live up to that standard or that you've created in the minds of yourself and others。

GP like she needs to go find another map。You'll look weak。

 she'll be emotionally compelled to go elsewhere， how do you overcome this？Oh man。

 you be well served during fantastic times， just be a little humble。

To let people around you know that you're having a great time and yeah everything's amazing。

 let we have some tough times in the future， help have some other victories as well just let them know that you're a human。

 don't put crazy ideas in your own head that during great times it's always going to be a great time。

 nothing bad could ever happen again。Just about zero humans have ever had this experience。

And the ones that indulge in it with too much hubris， too much ego。Man it don't end well for them。

You're going to feel disappointed in yourself， you're going to disappointed a lot of others。

If you can't have a little bit humbleness and humility to let them know some of your vulnerabilities or some of your concerns。

And when you have quality friends， frankly， a lot people be really happy to help you to overcome those things so they could feel like they contributed to the good times and they know that you' would be a trusted and loyal friend that if they had a bad time you'd still be there for them。

And you're not going to have hold them to some crazy standard either。

This is really a foundational piece of ecology that you should be implementing in all of these relationships to make sure that they're long term stable。

 mutually beneficial， and so your friends and like partners really honor and cherish you。

Wepect you who you are， and so they can feel that you will honor and cherish them and not just be a fair weather friend if things don't work out well in their lives。

When you behave this way， most girls are actually extremely loyal to their man。

🎼If you don't act too arrogant when things are going well。

 your girl won't be too much of a bitch when things are going bad。 Just be like， oh。

 he told me about this。 Oh， yeah。 This is what we talked about。 Oh， it's cool。 He's a champ。

He's very self aware， he'll be able to turn this around， things are going to be great again。

It gives her a real sense of loyalty and commitment to stick it out with you。

It's just going to be great for your confidence and self esteem to turn things around and get back on a winning track Everybody has setbacks man。

I have all my mentors have， my business mentors， my pickup mentors。

All the best role novelos in the world have had these setbacks。

You wouldn't want to learn shit from a guy who never failed at the thing that they later got great at。

Not a very qualified teacher。Look， here's another aspect of idealizing women。

I lot of women compete in all sorts of ways to deceive a man and garner more attention than other women。

She basically just sees like， what do all these men respond to。

 and she tries to present herself as such。And unfortunately。

 a lot of these are superficial attributes。But for her， it's the reality of what she's dealing with。

So the reality of stuff that the media shows her。And the ideals that she thinks society expects her to live up to。

Or would value her more if she were able to live up to those ideals？From her perspective。

 this is just a smart marketing plan。More detail on this in Commandment 10。

Some of these club girls are an absolute wreck。If you went home with them。

 you wouldn't be surprised to find out。But they have some cho or sugar daddy thing the event。

 have little or no furniture。Little or no food in the house。

 it's not something that helps her achieve her goals。

 a lot of these girls just think that food is something that makes her fat。

 plus not a good investment over time or money。She may well have drugs in her apartment or in her bedroom。

Most of our net worth is probably tied up in makeup and fashion accessories。

 more on this as well in Mamment1。I've seen this on boot camp alive。

 but there's one story that really stuck out to me。I met this fellow， he was a law firm partner。

He had so much fake shit going on in his life， kept himself in very reasonable shape for his age。

 well groomed， good looking and fella。Very confident in the most every respect。

But we were on boot camp。And well， he's in his early40s。

 and he's looking at a woman in her early 30s。And I just see in his body language。

 she just scared her death to go approach her。 He wants to do it。 He's physically attracted to her。

But I see I see the cog turning in his head of like assessing his own value or thinking like。

 oh should I， oh， should might blow me out， oh， this might happen and who knows what the hell he was thinking。

 but I got the idea that he was feeling insecure to go talk to the girl。

I came and chatted with him briefly， I just stood by him and put him in his ear like， oh dude。

 well you're scanning here idealizing that girl， she's just here for fucking getting drunk。

 she doesnt wants to come out and have a couple drinks and get drunk and he actually put a lot of makeup on she got a little glitter around her eyes and this and that。

But if you went back for a place。You may well find out she's sleeping on a goddamn with her mattress。

 her worldly belongings consists of a box of makeup， about eight pairs of shoes， six dresses。

In a cat litter box， she may or may not have a cat。

 but she's probably got a dirty cat litter box sitting around the place somewhere。

And he and I had a chuckle about it， and then he went over there and chatted up the girl。

One of my assistants was Wham。And he and my assistant pulled that girl in her friend and took them home that night。

And he told me the next day of like， God， damn， like we were just an epiphany to him。

The misjudges value so much。And although she's like a very pretty。

 very delightful girl to hang out with， he has so much more going on in his life。

 he's such a more developed person than she is。But I think he vowed to himself that day to never make that mistake again。

So I just want to reiterate to you one more time。Don't idealize a woman。

 don't let others idealize you。Know who you are， know who you want， get your ass in there。

Convey your personality， convey your sense of humor， convey your identity。

 be a good marketer on these channels。And help her make an informed decision。

 she's super excited to be spending time with a guy like you or not。

Get your ass out there and open a lot of sets。Convey this information to each one of them as if the girl you're speaking to and that interaction may well be the girl of your dreams might be the girl that you were excited to meet。

 the premier girl from your target market your of meet in your damn lifetime。

And like Winston Churchill said， success is walking from failure to failure with no loss for enthusiasm。

Although that would be pretty damn dramatic to think about in this context， like oh failure， failure。

No you have a failure of fitment of goals， you have a failure of compatibility。

 it's a great thing to understand that in two minutes instead of 20。

 get onto the next girl when you behave like this this puts you in the buyer's position。

It makes you the judge if your time spent with her is time well spent。

It makes you the judge if you and your buddies， you and your wingman。

 should be hanging out with her or gettching them to go to the bathroom and so to speak and go meet some different both。

This idea that a woman is apped and a man somehow has not is very misguided。

I never feel like I get rejected in the club anymore。

I only feel like I've discovered that some women and I are not compatible together。

AndThen I keep it moving and I go find one who's very compatible with me so I can enjoy awesome my attributes of having that type of relationship with a new woman I sincerely think about it like talking to the girl if she didn't perceive me as awesome。

 she sincerely lost out on a much bigger opportunity than I did if she and I were to spend time together it wouldn't change my life that dramatically but it would change hers a whole hell of a lot it would change hers for the better。

I'm not mad at a girl if she doesn't see the value in spending time with me。Really wish her well。

 And I'm very certain that my life's going to be awesome with or without her。

 I want you to be cautious to not spend time with a woman who isn't thrilled to be spending time with you。

You're only creating a management problem for your future。

Don't be addict to your future self by creating these problems for short term gains。

The lack of enthusiasm will be bad for your self esteem。

Its claim to manifest in a growing reepment in both of you。This leads to contempt。

Contempt needs to break up。It's number one thing that's been scientifically studiedied in psychology。

The number one precursor to a man and a woman breaking up is those contemptuous feelings for each other It happens because people get into relationships all the time with people they weren't compatible to be with please look at some superficial attributes or ignore rather obvious evidence。

But they're not long term compatible with that person。For a lot of guys。

 for a guy that doesn't have a lot of options。You'll tend to get into relationships with a woman one notch better than he dated before and for him if he perceives that as an opportunity based on those superficial physical indicators or a couple superficial personality attributes without really doing his due diligence and knowing what he's getting himself into this always leads to trouble down the road Don't be addict to your future self to your due diligence。

 make sure she knows who you are then move it forward。All you need to do is hit on a few more girls。

 man， and have a lot more sex until you find a good fit。Exercises to help implement this commandment。

Make a list of five things that are already going great in your life。

And that are directly attributable to an action you took in the past。

Make sure you're giving yourself appropriate credit for these past accomplishments。

We'll alsote on your path to habituate the best practices outlined in the  Ten0 condemnments of game。

Mayine how you would spend your time if you already had more money than you would ever spend in your life。

Imagine how you would behave on beautiful women， if youre already having sex with a lot of beautiful women to the point you felt a bit exhausted from it。

Really sit and think that one through。There's no reason you can't behave like that right now。

🎼Let's combine them together。 In fact， how would behave around a woman be $100 million dollars in the bank。

Just had a three stem with two hot twins this morning and happened to be out in the club tonight and catch up with your best friends。

Donren't you think you might feel a little annoyed she wasn't bringing value to the interaction？

I sure as hellwood。Don't throw away your financial goals being delusional about your current financial situation。

 don't do stupid shit to sabotage your interactions with women。

 being arrogant or cocky about financial or other attributes that you don't have yet。

Do be decisive by implementing the elements of this thought experiment into your behavior right now。

He'd be left meeting？Be less eager。Be more relaxed。It'd be more fun to be around。

And you and the girl both would have a tremendously better time。Finally。

 will you run into girls in your normal week？Invite them to come do cool shit with you。

 you should already be doing cool stuff with your friends。

 whatever you and your friends are doing this week， every girl you talk to。

 invite them to come with if 20 of them show up that's perfect don't worry about it。

Go meet hot girls， you have cool shit going on in your life already， invite them to join your fun。

A personal example of how I think on this。I feel like in my value proposition with a woman。

That the woman benefits in many ways spending time with me。A few of those ways。

She's going to get to travel and speed the world。I travel about 51 weeks per year。

The only way for us to spend time together at all， it's for to come with me。

She'll be exposed to a tremendous amount of cultural and scenic variety on those adventures。

She'll often of times be eating at the best restaurants at whatever city we're in。

These may be really expensive restaurants might just be some cheap place that has amazing food。

 point is not to impress the girl， is to invite her to whatever sort of lifestyle that you'd be living if you're there by yourself or there with your friends。

The girl spends time with me， she's going to learn about communication， business， psychology。

 she's going to learn about fitness and exercise。She can be consuming many。

 many books and documentaries， audio books as well。She's going to be around my team。

The team comprise many other smart and motivated men。All of them are an expert at some point。

 we're constantly learning from each other to be better individuals and to be a better team overall she's going to be invited to that and be a part of that tribe she't have tremendous advantages that a woman who is not part of that could never experience for themselves。

Cs are just hanging out with a bunch of leisrs。She can have access to some of the best nutrients and vitamins available on her。

And have access to the best beauty care products available on Earth。

Youre to have access to higher quality clothes。 This doesn't mean just designer labels and expensive clothes。

 It also means higher quality fabricex， things that are just more comfortable to wear。

In a greater variety of clothess， because youre going't see a lot of different things in different cultures where we're traveling。

She basically would be stronger and more confident in every damn facet of her life。

If I go talk to 100 beautiful women， many don't value this kind of adventure。

Some might think education is boring， the cool things to do are like lay in the sun。

Being champagne at noon， do cocaine at midnight。I don't fuck with people like that。

Some don't like to travel， they prefer to stay home alone for any number of reasons。Top among them。

 I presume to watch reality TV and get fat。Somewhat touched my lifestyle is too abnormal。

 just not relatable。On and on。There's a lot of reasons a girl wouldn't want to step up and live the lifestyle I'm living I'm going to expect her to go to the gym。

 I'm going to expect her to eat healthier I'm expect her if fucking be polite around my friends and very presentable around my business partners。

 friends， anyone that I'm being around， chance to treat them with respect and decency because that's sure is how how they're going to treat her。

All this is fine though， if any particular woman isn't excited to join my life adventure。

 no damn well another one will be。I know it won't take me long to find her。

When I think I see a great opportunity with a woman。

 make sure she understands me well and make sure I understand her well。

Persistent when I see something I'm excited about。You can't cross that line from persistence to neediness。

You can't cross that line from marketing to sales。When you get into that realm of convincing and persuading。

S's not going to go well。This behavior will consistently backfire。

 even if you get the girl in the short term， again。

 it's not the type of girl that you'd want to be around in the long term。

Guys make all sorts of rationalizations why they should keep her around。

Don't be addict to your future self man， just go through the process and find the best girls for you。

When you find that girl and you want her to follow your lead。

 let her know the time spent with you he'll be saved。Fun and adventurous。Literally tell her。

If you come with me， it'll be safe， it'll be fun， it'll be an adventure。

 and if you're not totally excited， you can leave it any time。

Mostt wander your life plan to convince blind people to see。Like my grandma always said。

 you can lead a ho of water so you can't make her drink。

One more note about Jackie and the wrong women。When you reject the wrong kind of woman。

 this allows the next woman to realize that you're a man of integrity。It builds your own self esteem。

 it builds your entitlement。Recent people talk about entitlements how much。

And you can't fake that ship， it's a very honest indicator of how you feel about yourself。

 what you think your status is in the world。And what type of people you think you're supposed to be spending your life with？

When you reject the girl who's wrong for you， when you reject the girl who not living up to your standards。

Now from a countryway， that as some technique for routine。

Out of a place of sincerity and authenticity of you just living by your goals and adhering to your values。

When you look the next woman in the eye， she can sense right away， if you don't like her。

 you just walk away。She can see that you might like her and you' sure her hell don't need her。

It's extremely attractive because it's extremely hard to fake。For a beautiful woman。

 it's a rare opportunity to meet a guy like that if you have the rest of your life in order。

 a good amount of compatibility with each other， she'll chase you。

 she'll convince you you're supposed to be together。

She'll do this because she knows if you're not impressed with her。

 you'll be the one explaining why it's time to leave they oh。

 my friends and I have to go to the bathroom Oh， I just remembered it's time to feed my pet caterpillar。

Okay。I've had a premonition that my friend's doghouse is on fire。

 I need to call them and make sure fluffy is okay， Ex me。At the end of the day。

 you'll eventually end up dating exactly the quality of woman that you'd be willing to walk away from。

You don't get to keep a woman that you feel needy around。

And a man feels like he needs a particular woman and treats her as such。

Ping the seeds of their break out right there。It'sstructing her to give him a lot of headaches。

Cheef came harder to go seek a better math。You're making her do it。Guys are doing this to themselves。

 and be one of these fellows， assses on his own feet， sabotages his own relationships。

Because he feels needy around the woman。P your game up， follow these10 commandments。

And you'll be able to avoid these type of problems from your life。

One more personal story from a girl I met in a club。

We met this beautiful Australian pearl in a big city nightclub。

My friends and I had bottle service that night， means we spent a few thousand dollars for the table we were sitting at。

 so we had a nice place to sit and we got about $80 worth of vodka for our money。

So this beautiful young woman flutters by， I got up， I grabbed her。

toldold her you're gorgeous I to come meet you obb ducking you now， come with me。I let her over。

 I had her sit next to me。I don't offer her a drink。

 I don't offer anything to sit her down and we start chatting。I finishing might think we're doing so。

She asked me if it's okay to take her shoes off， she said her feet really hurt， I said， that's great。

 no problem。We're chatting in 15 20 minutes。We're really getting along quite well。

 I know a lot of things about her culture of her continent。It's her first time visiting mine。

So it's very unlikely she could meet anybody else that would know more about where she came from and would be a great tour guide to show her around where I'm from。

 She really appreciates us for having a great interaction。About up to earth。

 one thing that really bothers me about our country is they have really terrible service there。

Service people suck this is pretty much because they have an extremely high minimum wage they bake 10 or 11 times what an American would make in the service industry。

Because of this， they're not actually incentivized to provide you good service。

Cause they don't get tips over there so they pretty much really incentivized to provide you ship service so you'll just go away quicker and then they don't have to do any work at all they continue to make their high minimum wage。

 In any case， when I brought this up， she says， oh。

 but you know they deserve to make the same money as everyone else。I so what。

And I said  let me get this right， you think everyone is equal and there should be no differentiation based on their skills or work ethic or intelligence。

 etc ceter。She's like， you know， well， I just don't see why you know。

 anybody should really get paid more than anybody else。I'm like，All right。My friend over there。

 he's a doctor。LikeHe literally saves people's lives like do you think my doctor friend。

 you should be making like the same money as a McConned's worker？

After he spent 10 years in school and hundreds of thousands of dollars on its education， she's like。

Wow。He probably likes being a doctor， I just don't see why he should make like much more money than anybody else。

I'm like oh so you love socialism and that's great， you love socialism， you should leave here。

 you shouldn't have come to America， you should be in Venezuela。

 the average Venezuelans lost 19 pounds， it's a little over 8 kilos this year。

 should be down there while people are starving and really embrace that socialism instead instead of sitting here at my table that my friends and I paid thousands of dollars for well you're denouncing capitalism tell us we don't deserve to live lifestyles that we've created for ourselves like I'll tell you what？

Take those shoes， put those shoes back on your feet right now。

She's looking at me kind of funny like it's a joke like I'm fucking around， like， no， take the shoes。

 put the shoes on your feet。Stand up， go stand over there with those peasants。

 go stand over there with the normal people so you can have sore feet and enjoy socialism with them。

Some guy would say to me。director。To grow all back how that could gain。

You said she was really pretty girl and she walked away how a dark court game。Well， let me explain。

What does it do for my sense of entitlement， what does it do for my feelings of self assureddness to my confidence？

When a girl who I think he didn' think was a very beautiful girl and a lot of her brain dysfunction may just be a part of her youth and a lack of experience in life。

 she's like 21 or 22 or something。What do you think it does to me internally when I tell that girl to get the help out of here？

I'll tell you what when I go talk to another girl that looks just like her。

 an next girl sees it in my eyes， it's not something you can fake。

 it's not something you can manipulate， she sees in your eyes that you're judging her。

 you're not convinced about her value， you are convinced of your own value and if she's not up to your standard。

She's not going to be it allowed in your presence， I don't know what the hell is more compelling and or more of an opportunity for a woman and to meet a guy like that。

Book recommendations for more on this topic。Power of now by Ekhart Toll。Trust me I'm lying。

 I ride on holiday。