# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.8 你要让性发生_ev

🎼Commandment 8， thou shalt make this next habit。What will happen if this commitmentment is disobeyed？

You'll be having multiple of thes by yourself。You'll be having the rest of the sex with lesser women and would have been happy to talk to you。

🎼很多 dating。Commandment explained。First， I want to make very clear again。

 this isn't a program of advocating idealism。I know many men out there aren't interested in a long term relationship at this point in their life。

No woman's going to be a perfect fit for you ever， but you should spend about 98% of your time together really enjoying your life。

 doing the things you would like to do。And if you selected the right partner。

 she should be able to do the same。Let me explain this。A lot of people talk about 50。

 50 relationships， there' this heritageage。The relationship has to be give and take， give and take 5。

50。For of compromise。Well， I'd rather get my dick caught in my zipper once every morning for the rest of my life than spend half of my fucking life in a state of compromise。

🎼In your long term relationship， I want you to be with the type of woman that you can be exactly who you are and do exactly what you want about 98% cent of the time and that she can be exactly who she is and do exactly what she wants about 98% of the time。

 Now that other 2 per cent for each of you， If something comes up where something's very important to her。

 it's not so important to you。 It wouldn't be your natural preference。It's just easier to compromise。

 for instance， if she had a family reunion to go to or some sort of work event that you really couldn't give a shit about。

 but for her it's kind of a big deal she'd like you to come with。Go' go with her。

 I don't say a damn worried about it， don't be resentful， don't be fussy， just go with her。

 help the girl have a good time。No need for bitterness， no need to say it a single word。

She knows when you're making those concessions， it's not a bad thing。

And a couple percent of her time she'll spend making concessions for you when she knows the economics are reverse。

 when she knows something's important to you， wouldn't be her natural preference。

 it'll be easy for her to go with the float。I don't want you to begin these relationships where a significant percent of your time。

You're doing things you don't want to do。It's not healthy。

 it's back to that path towards knowing resentments。🎼Gwing con。

event will break up you don't want to do this shit。

 really don't want to do this shit as you get older， people have kids， they have property in common。

 bank accounts in common。All sorts of life problems that arise down the road。

Because you didn't screen for the right partner from the Bu can。

 don't put yourself in these compromised fields。And look man at the same time when you're traveling somewhere or you're just out fucking around at home and you run into some girl but probably 60% of what you wish she was。

 you're probably not her ideal probably either， but even if you are you can't stay with her long term you guys may having a good time and you're just having a fun life experience by all means go hook up with the girl work up to your heart's content。

Combeing a policy to those girls if you want to， you have a great time doing it。

 let them have a great time doing it I'm just saying don't get into a relationship with the girls that you're not long term compatible with what the fuck is that？

It's fine to have one night stands with carols that are 60% of who you wish they were。

 they are 84% of what you wish they were， that's fantastic have a great sign。If it's good enough。

 keep her as your f buddy， but realize that she's a f pdy。

 realize that some girl that you're seeing in the short term and don't treat it like something as that。

A lot of poor pasts get themselves in a situation where they start rationalizing。

It's a good idea that， you know， oh oh， she， you know。

 she'll change or this will change or she'll be beautiful forever so I can overlook her multitude of personality disorders。

かったよね。Just be objective， get fun with girls who are fun girls。

Nothing wrong with short term relationships， nothing wrong with midterm relationships。

Just don't get yourself into a long term relationship with the wrong type of person。

You don't want to deal with the consequences of that。

It's totally avoidable so do itMoving on Look topic of sex has been covered in many books。

 many programs， millions of pages， everybody's thought about it， we all of human history。

 we won't be able to cover it in extreme detail in one commandment it would take 100 hour program by itself get a deep scratch needed surface and really dig in on this topic。

However， I do want to offer you a lot of best practices tips and get you thinking the right way about this topic。

Your default thought about S should be。That it's the natural thing that happens when a man and a woman like each other。

 not treat sex like it's unusual or exotic exotic happening。

Quite literally just the natural thing that happens when a man and a woman like each other。

They're having a good time， that's what they tend to do that's why we're all here right now be aware though in in nearly all circumstances the man is expected to physically lead these interactions。

Physical security from a quality man is very attractive to women。

This is a core component of masculinity。Despite what you may hear or read in mainstream media。

Women still love men or will continue to love men well past our lifetimes。

Women really despise indecisive men。Gity has all the insecurity and indecisiveness she needs in her life。

 she doesn't need any more from her math。Women prefer a man to get a sense of security。

 some meaning and security to their lives。IfYou're waiting for a beautiful woman to leave you。

 have your credit card ready。But the only place you going to take to you is shopping for something expensive。

Our next best option is just find a confident man。The only women that are going to consistently lead you are inferior women。

We tendend to be women that are old or fat， to be trigger mom trait。

Maybe some woman who has kids or mental or physical disability。

 some other form of extraordinary packageage。Somebody that would make her less desirable to the type of man that she'd really like to be with。

Fel like even in those circumstances， she's substituting her impferior goods had her preference。

Just the best information she can get， maybe some super timid or indecisive woman she might leave you。

 maybe someone who's so timid or so indecisive but but by comparison Harris she looks at you as being quite bold。

If that's the type of thing you're into， you and her can be indecisive together while she volunteers to clean poop at a homeless shelter and beads up on veganacon political philosophy。

🎼Occasionally， a beautiful woman's can open you， and they frequently give approach invitations。

 That's great， man。 But don't wait up for this shit。

The burdenin is going to be consistently on the man to approach。

 entice and lead the woman to the path he's on。If she's not with it。

 go and find another one that's better for you， just let her go， let her go， keep it moving。

 I'll reiterate again here。If you're interested in sex with a woman。

 let her know that from the beginning， be careful how you're framing yourship you don't want to be one of these nice Gu fellas but she thinks you're going to watch her puppy and clean her litter box while she goes on vacation with a guy she's actually having the sex。

Make sure it's clear from the beginning， you're the guy that she's going to have sex with。

 you don't have room in your life to just be friends and any relationship you'd have with a woman is going to be sexual in nature。

Or you just can't do it， setting expectations one way and violating them later can lead to a breakup really fast。

More on this in my exclusive 10 Commandments of game interview with Julian。One more note on podcast。

If you see her fuck buddy more than once a week， she thinks you're in a relationship。

If you want to keep her around， you don't want to commit a relationship。

 fight the limit to that three to four times a month， about once a week。

Gragmatic application of this commandment。Never be judgmental about her sexual past。And if you are。

 sure as hell， don't let her know。If you have the same sexual options that chief presented with。

 how much sex for you have had by now？Beauti girl in a big city gets get out about 20 times a day when she goes outside。

If you had women hitting a you 20 times a day。Every day of your life。

 every time you walk outside and just go about your business， going to work， going to VM。

 getting some groceries carrying on with your life， if you had 20 women a day getting at you。

 how many of them would you have had sexville？Hell lot more than her。

Whatever your thoughts or judgments about it， girl doesn't want to be judged for indulging the few times she does hook up with some guy。

There's nothing wrong with casual sex man， like I said。

 it's just an expression when a man and a woman are having a good time together。

 it's just a natural continuation a natural expression。Of that thought and intimacy。

When you get judgmental of it， all you're doing is teaching your girl to lie to you。

 you're training her to be a liar， and you're putting it in her head so you probably can be judgmental of a lot of other things。

What highly increase the probability of your girl is going to go cheat on you and get her needs met somewhere else。

 Cool man D judge Mannel。It's great to use for thinking andvain to judge a lot of things。

 and you may come to the conclusion in your own mind when you find out more about her that she's lived a lifestyle that you think seem compatible with you and you don't want to carry your things forward。

Don't make a big deal about past path and you make a big deal out of sex in general。

 to judge people for their past sexual exploits and make them feel self conscious about this topic。

She's not going to be having sex with you to find somebody else's cler accept the first way she is。

Another polar plants， a lot of girls are very comfortable doing whatever they perceive is comfortable for you。

This is what it says， when you acting judgmentmental。

 you putting into those set anchors in your mind like sex is a big deal or she shouldn't have done this or you don't like a woman that behave like this or that。

F fine to have those opinions， but again keep them to yourself prim up。

All you're doing is putting up barriers between you having more sexual options。

You'd rather go have those sexual options， you'd rather go at least tell you the truth so you can make an informed decision if you want to have those sexual options or not。

 if you want to carry those options forward it or not。When you actually rental up front。

 you're closing down on her ability to tell you the truth before closing that apne。

You're encouraging her to live you， you're encouraging her to be deceitful， and she will。

She've been touched by other men before。She knows this past， she's seen this play before。

Not just what you do， you're going to lie at you shouldn't forget a needs met by somebody else。

You if she spends any time with you at all， there's going to be that little void and I she's like。

  hm。You're probably a spaceholder， you're probably a temporary somebody in her life until she finds something bigger and better and more down the road。

You don't want to put yourself in that position， just be cool man。

You should be normalizing physical contact with the woman either from the open or very soon after。

And you go to lead her around the environment later。

 which a new environment is much easier for her to follow leave。

Your default behavior should be to start moving the woman around early in the interaction。

Perhaps two to eight minutes after meeting， depending on the contract。

If you open thisstructive in commandment three。She knows you're interested in getting to know her and likely open minded of having sex with her later。

 should be shock into her be a lead her to the dance floor or lead her to meet her friends or to go meet her friends proactively or to give her a drink。

These are just fundamental normal elements of the human mating ritual。

When you find little friction points， be persistent but make sure you're not crossing the line into neediness or forcefulness Perence is very attractive。

 it allows a girl to know that you think she's special。

 you think that she's a really cool girl and that you might not be that excited about this any girl that you meet you find that phrase ladder and if you call up the steps from Commandments 137。

You should be getting to this point in your interaction very frequently you got there all the time you get to there release every night go out。

Meaninginess， however， is universally disgust。She has no choice but to leave your presence if you behave that way。

She feels that you're not entitled enough to be with the woman in like her。

🎼She knows that if she went somewhere private of you， she might be really uncomfortable。

 She might feel pressure to do things she doesn't want to do。 psychologicalch pressure。

 if not physical pressure， It might even be very dangerous for her。

 She don't know what kind of crazy shit could happen。🎼You start acting needy。

 She knows it's a big deal。 She knows it's a rare opportunity for you。

 And that means that other women like her in the past have decided against you。

 And that's a really powerful heuristic for her。 She has to follow there to lead instead of yours。

 Be persistent， Never needy or forceful。Read the physical cues right too If you won't follow your 10 feet in the club。

 it's like three meters。Either you have a short term logistical obstacle to overcome。

 or the girl probably isn't having sex with you tonight。It's a logistical obstacle。

 East Mark be to actual deal with that shit。If it's an attraction， obstacle。

🎼Read that play early and go find somebody else that's really excited to meet you。

 Let her qualify yen or let her get screened out。 More on that in a minute。

A couple other tips on moving the girl。If you've moved her around the club， add a c or two。

And direct about your sexual interests。Maybe danced a bit， seated the pole properly。

 met her friends proactively， and are respected by or even leading her group now。

Introduce her to your friends and they have a pleasant experience with them。

 basically meaning that your friends are on creeps and they treat you respectfully。

 not like hittingty not her while she's with you。We're doing some other kind of fucking weird。

 bizarre shit with her。You took the time to listen about her life and build a sincere connection。

 you gave her enough information about your life， who you are， what you're about， etc cea。

But she feels comfortable that she knows you well， and she knows that time spent with you would be a great experience。

And then probably you kiss the girl but not a hardcore makeup just enough to have lip to lip contact a couple times。

Maybe brief makeouts probably be the makeout showed in the club。

Get the lift to left contact so it sets expectations for what's going happen when you leave together but when you make out。

 make out， make out in the club you see guys view that and to an inexperienced guy it looks amazing it's like oh he's been kissing that girl for 20 minutes like they're definitely going home together No man probably they're not Probably her friends are gonna show up going say okay Sta it's time to go she gonna to be like all right bye bye。

Cause she already got all the validation that she wanted from that guy， she knows she could have him。

 he's no longer her prize， the social pressurer of telling her friends that she's going with him this isn't worth the experience that she would have with。

It's not going to be an emotionally relevant enough experience。

He's released all the pentop sexual energy that she had and any issique that he had。

Drll them make out， make out， make out。So the path of least resistance for her is for a slow balance。

But she really had a fun adventure to gave her。And you've executed well on that list。

And the information and Commandments 1 through7。Itd be very normal for you to be leaving the club for sex in about 20 to 80 minutes。

 about 40 minutes financially。Our mentor is Beth in the day would talk to us four to 10 hours spent with the girl。

 about seven hours on average before Seth。Fuck that I made the new normal 80 minutes。

 I've done it hundreds of times， leave the club around 40 minutes。

 normal for sex to happen within two hours。But's not happening in your life。

Talking to the wrong girls and they don't perceive you as compelling enough。

 many of my clients and assistants have replicated this consistently。

If you've got a year's experience and youre aren't getting these results， you're not doing it right。

Remember that sex is a very emotional experience for a woman。

 especially for the first time with a new man， don't attempt to logically convince her or persuade her to be the source of her emotions and leader。

If you've done your job well， you should have minimum or no last kind of existence。

Let's talk about last minute what you。B minute resistance when you take your girl home。

Kap for a couple of reasons。Eer is a function of intergruence in your interactions since you left the club。

 some logistical failure that you didn't take care of earlier。

 usually something to do with her peer group。Or oftentimes also a failure to set expectations in advance。

The common things that have happened here is you either get't to understand her logistics。

 you live too far away and it's inconvenient for her to come。

didnn't deal with her friends optimalally， now they're calling her in Creek out。

You told her you were going to an after party instead of being honest they were just going back to your place。

Let's unpack that one specifically for just a moment is this a problem that like Leonardo DiCaprio or Choing Tad。

 I'm Taddy and Choing， whatever his name is， is is a problem that like a superstar leleopardty man would have。

This is a problem that high value men have that have to say， hey， after party。

 after party and like life of the girl， if they're just going back to their hotel or to their home。

Well guess what， those guys are just humans too。If you're having that problem and they're not。

 it's simply a function of her perceived value of who you are talk about this more in a bit。

Back to that list， now Lamar。Other things that caused Ellen and Mark。

 youvaed incongruently after she left the glove with you， you overga her。And it came off with Jein。

You talking now。Can you let the on motion chat。Came home to a disgusting place。

 it doesn't have to be a mansion man small or fine， but it's gross。

 she's likely to feel a girl keen there。She feelss that way。

 she doesn't want to bang the guy who's the source of those negative emotions your housemates are assholes and flu it up。

You don't have a condo。We choose Camp sex with the time them。🎼She used as such with the condom。

 She really wants another drink， and you don't have any alcohol at home。

She lost or dropped her phone and couldn't find it。And you couldn't turn that around。

 Her friend is some form of infant or buffoon。 It must be babys set， like a child。

Her friend is a jealous bit and if she's not having a ton of fun。

 no one can have fun there's thousands and more situations that come up like this these are just some common ones。

🎼Make sure you're thoughtful about these， make sure you're setting expectations in advance。

 you'll mitigate these problems dramatically Logistics are immensely important。

 Your sex life in the long term will not be limited because you ran out of things to say where you couldn't get a pretty woman attracted to you in the long run。

90% of your mental energy will be about solving logistics and making it easy for her to do what you and her both want to do。

On the topic of value and qualification。Back in the day。

 we spoke a lot about a simple strategy of picking up girls value and qualification。First。

 the value component。Value in this context simply means conveying to her that you are useful to helping her accomplish her goals。

In a nightclub， this universally means a fun and emotionally irrelevant experience。

It might also mean another drink， some food， good sets。A really cool actual afterpart。

 a place nearby this stay is that she doesn't have to deal with a long term comm right now。

 but so she doesn't have to go home in bad weather like a rainstorm or a snowstorm。

It might mean drugs， I be just the validation from any time with a cool guy。Emotional intimacy。

For any number of other things that she's perceives as cool， useful。

 or enhancing to her self image of that moment。Qualification component。

Qualifying the girl means you're making sure she's investing in you along the way and not just wasteting your time or other resources。

Remember。If you don't value your time， don't value your life。

She should know that your time is precious and she should be treating it respectfully。

She should be showing her enthusiasm and reasonable investment in the experience we're having together。

Forms of qualification or investment。When you squeeze her hand。

 she squeezes back with similar pressure when you kiss her， she kisses back。She kisses you。

When this happens， remember to be the first one to fall away a few seconds later。

 when you leader through the environment。She's attentive and psychologically present with you。

 she's eagerly compliant。She laugh at her jokes。She compliments do sincely。

She is actively solving logistical issues for you。She expresses that she's excited to meet you and has been looking for a guide。

There are a multitude of other behaviors that women show in this paint。

Things that indicate that she's into you and bound to follow your leave。

So what do you do with value and qualification？Be aware of Fiman from the very beginning of your interaction。

Maybe taking responsibility as the leader of your life， you know who you are， what you want。

 who you want to spend your time with。Did you open like Umina？

Are you handling logistics and social dynamics intelligently？

Or you can your sincere identity without fear of judgment？

Are you bringing relevant emotions and fun to the interaction oraching like a fucking pear？

You made attempts to lead the girl or the group to experience a really cool adventure with you。

If you follow the first seven Command rins dutifully。

 you might try one more time to lead the woman to do whatever you want to do next。

If she isn't a good fit for you， hoping'll find someone who wins。

If you haven't call the first seven Commandments。Stop this ship and do it right next time。

 stop getting on the way of your own success。If you're 10 minutes in and not seeing any type of these qualification indicators。

Doby doesn't perceive you as very valuable。Albways be raising your value so it's more obvious to the world that you are someone worth throwing。

It makes it way easier for others to qualify as you and want to join your group and follow your lead。

We're on this in Commandments9 and 10。Next， let's talk about compliance over enthusiasm。

Enthusiam is great。If the girls are really excited to be talking to you， she's very animated。

 maybe she's talking you， she's giving you some of those indicators that she's excited and qualifying in and investing fantastic。

Fantastic。However。If after giving those indicators when you try to move the girl and say， hey。

 come meet my friend， hey， let's go grab a drink， hey where are your friends at。

 let's go make sure they're okay。she's hesitant to follow your lead， try to throwt that out。

 try to understand what the logistical issue is。Do you know what？

Sometimes they're just really enthusiastic。It's not going anywhere。

 she's just having a fun emotional experience with you for a moment。

 even if you've had expectations of who you are or what you want， she's not going to be with it。

she don't want to tell you， she's literally using you for your personality。

 she's having a fun time so she's enthusiastic。Seeing investing whenever there's no compliance。

The B simply means she's willing to follow your review。Now it's awesome to have both。

 enthusiastic when you have both， but if you have to choose one or the other。

 you pick compliance every time。Do you rather have an enthusiastic woman who refuses to follow your lead。

 or would do you rather have a woman who maybe is a little more reserved or a little bit more stoic and when you take her hand？

Start moving， she just keeps coming with you。You go grab the drink， you go dance， meet her friends。

 she meets your friends。Maybe there's not a ton of enthusiasm。

 but she is follows your lead By the end of the night， you're going to lead her back to your place。

 She's going to sit on the corner of your bed， She's going to take her shoes off。

 she's going to lay down under your bed。 you don't know what to do next， you're hopeless。

Fantastic when you have compliance and enthusiasm， but value the compliance over enthusiasm。

Next a bit on the topic of sexually receptive versus sexually aggressive women。

 I touched on this briefly earlier。On occasion a woman's going to open you directly or she's gonna to come next to you。

 just place herself proximate to you and or make eye contact with you and give you approach invitations no matter who you are。

 very few women are going to be sexually aggressive with you On the other hand。

 a lot of women are very sexually receptive you may not have stood out to the extent that they notice you and they feel so damn compelled about you that they have to come open you if you showed up and open them and you've done things we've talked about she be extremely receptive to meeting a guy like you。

Kys that are waiting for this eye contact after approach invitations。

 producing more than 90% of girls that we been delighted to have sex with you if you just interrupted their life for the better。

Had a fun time， let the interaction and let nature run its course This is another way that a lot of guys are getting in the way of their own success。

Don't let it be you next on the topic of pastcing and be。

This is concept and pickup of meeting her where she's at then slowly trying to steer her shift away and lead her down your path。

As pros and cons to this， the pros first， it's not a terrible short termm strategy for avoiding topics of conflict with a girl you don't really like tremendously anyway。

 but you're sexually attracted to and would like to have sex with。Caabat。

 this works so long as your communication isn't so neutered that youve fail to create real attraction。

This might help you get you by a more tone down and relatable version of your sincere self。

It won't work when you get to the place of sonude or that you don't express any sincere opinions。

 then its back to the place where she doesn't know who you are or what you want。

I's not going to be very attractive？This is a fine strategy for you to spend a bit more time around a woman who you think you may be very compatible with。

you disagree on some superficial things that you're sure she's incorrect about。

 but you think she changed your mind readily if she simply spent more time around you。

And was more educated on the topic。小好看啊。Take a lot of discipline and self awareness to do the above。

More than almost any human mans。Sounds good in theory。

 but in practice will almost certainly lead to rationalalizations in subpar relationships。

You're welcoming people into your life that you already know might not be the best fit for you。

You violate your core values and let these people into your life for relationships。

Those relationships will fail down the road， you'll be living a hell of a lot closer to a 5050 relationship。

And a 98 in2 relationship。Its office the scheme is going to be lowered because of this。

You'll either stay in this mediocre or value relationship where you'll break up having spent months。

 years or decades in a lesser relationship than you could have had。

I have a much stronger opinion on this topic than anyone I've ever met to tell you why。

 when you behave the way that I recommend， you're going to end up with more sex partners and higher quality sex partners。

I pacing a leading shit， that's because girls that really like guys like you。

Know who you are and gravitate to you quickly。Girl who would have been on the fence。

If you are more agreeable， get very excited about your confidence to pass their shit test and your firmness on your own path。

They'll look up with you and even try to date you because they see you as much more compelling than any normal guy。

Most attractive girls will also really have their life together。

Would never be dating some average dude， but they would gladly date guys like me to even go out of their ways to find guys like us because she has so many options。

She needs to be with a guy who has a strong identity and a strong personality。

It doesn't fit into her assault concept to just be with some normal do， more on shit test。

You shit tests or congruence tests are your friend。Lis with them proactively。

This is the most effective screening tool of all time， there's no quicker way to create attraction。

Congruence and continuity creates trust and overcomes the need for a more ship path。

There's no faster path from meeting to feeling like you're intimately connected and on the same team than to pass the shit test。

If you leave， you just want to have a chunk of time in your youth experience。she says。

 he've gotten further towards for trusting you and feeling attracted to you in past minute than her orbiter showeds have in the past year。

 literally。Is that a better tool and pick out to amp up traction than actively eliciting shit tests？

Peing non reactive。Infirming your identity and she calls you out on something and then blowing right past that ship is not a quicker way for her to get on the same team。

 get on your page and follow your lead than to develop the art and the skill。

They need hurt toship test you passing those tests。Being a fun and emotionally relevant person。

 a strong leader。What do I think about phone number？Well。

 the great time to get a phone number is after spec。

I went through a five year period where I took two phone numbers， PS。

I got paid more in that five years than any other period of my life。

Let me tell you a little bit more about this。Yeah， I have a lot of frustrating situations where' meeting the girls。

 have a nice conversation， you spend 20 minutes， you spend 30 minutes。

 is a nice to meet you and they carry on with their life。I had enough codamn nice to meet you。

 If you were deep enough into a conversation or had a compelling enough communication with a woman for she's offering up her phone number。

You're not too far away from getting to the sex pan。

For a lot of these girls have phone number just a rejection strategy， however。

 and don't be confused between the two， let me explain this。

For a lot of girls in that emotional moment， she is excited to meet you， she get through a number。

 et cetera， et cea。But then you call her back the next day。Two days later， he sent her a text。

And like she's changing like her cat litter you know she just got done doing her laundry。

 Gu the hell knows what happened in her life， she's been doing homework work all day。

 She's doing some mundane shit and on one hand you think like that's a great time to hit her up because should be super excited talk to me Well yeah maybe but the guys that I've seen him managing these phone numbers the best you're a superstar if you're closing 20% A lot of these guys is just abysmal they're closing near zero% single digits again。

 the guys who are experts at closing numbers guys who are experts at converting numbers into sex spent1 thousand hours are more thinking about it are're closing 20%。

Let's go back to Mike take on this Well， if you got to that expert level where you're closing 22% by taking the phone number and following up。

 what if you just a in the interaction？Could you not close like a third if you not close 40% if you just push the interaction till the end。

 only that we go get in the way and take the short term path of these resistance of getting that phone number when in reality if you just push the interaction harder。

 a lot of those girls would have came with you instead，And then back to this， like。

 what the old have this problem？You were really a star would you have type problems？Well， again。

 it's just a human， just a human that she knows his brand name。

She's familiar with his public persona， and she perceives him as being high value。

If you've gone about your business， right？You've conveyed your brand name that means your identity。

 you've conveyed that you're a man of value and with values， you've been leading the girl， etc ce。

 she didn't go out expecting to meet Leo， she has wanted to meet a cool guy She'll go home with you too if she perceives your value as high enough if she perceives the opportunity is rare enough。

If you don't do a silly shit， to kiss on your own feet and betray the value you've built in the interaction。

When the girl knows you're willing to walk away， a lot of times that's the best indicator that she knows that she should go with you。

Exercises to help implement this commander。If you've been shout out and leaving with the numbers instead of a woman。

 let's kept his shit now。Make or get off the fence and make a decision to get with you or get out of your way。

Review each previous commandment， listen to Sean's additional detailed commentaries as well。

If you ever on that info， steps will happen。Sex is simply a product of doing the above cup well。

Work recommendations for more on this topic。Why women have sex by David Bus？Sex that dawn。

Christopher Ryan。