# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.6 你要找乐子_ev

Mid six， the faculty member have sincere fun。What will happen if this commandment is disobeyed？

She will be experiencing good emotions elsewhere， who will spend all of her time thinking about that。

🎼Not you。You'll be exing instead of exhilarating spend hours in the close。

 you'll make countless rationalizations to settle for the first woman who will have you。

Instead of the best woman' available。🎼Commanment explain。

WeHave no doubt the currency of the club is fine。Smoke humanity's primary motivations for communicating at all are to have fun and share intimacy。

In the nightlife context， the fun component of communication is primary。

It often leads to that intimacy。 This is because women with the exception of prostitutes and gold digggers。

I't have sex for logical reason。They tend't have sex for emotional reasons。

Laughter in general fun are among the most relevant positive emotions a woman feels。

People want to be around others who are emotionally relevant。The more emotionally relevant you are。

 the more she will want to be around you， The more she will follow your lead。

And the more likely she will be to have sex with you than later say， it felt so natural。

 it just happened。Then it's easy for you to see her again if you choose to。

Random tip about humor and attribution。When you make someone laugh once。

 it's like you told a funny joke。But when you make them laugh repeatedly。

 they think you're a funny guy。As an adult human， no one is responsible for your emotional state except you。

You should be able to generate your own good emotions and share them with the woman。

Failure to do so makes you irrelevant。Or even a spoiler of other people's fun。

It's like a beggar interrupting， do not be going around the world with a beggar's cup leaching energy off others。

Don't look for them to feel your emotional void。Instead。

 be the source of good emotions to others and you'll be readily welcomed wherever you go。

Pchematic application of dis commandment。To have the best time interacting with others。

 the sure health to be a source of good emotions in their life。Expling the sense of humor。

And finding work after making pickup up fun。This will be essential to your short term success。

And even your long term ability to go socialize and meet new people at all。

If you don't have a good time， you want to have the endurance to keep going out and building your skills over a long period of time。

When you go to the club， instead of just feeling like the time flew by。

 and now there's a beautiful woman in your pet。You mightight feel exhausted from forcing yourself to do things。

🎼The thoughts anyway。Or even a humiliating。Nobody knows better than I do about humiliation on the club the first 18 months I was crying out。

 we were doing all the crazy shit with that was in that whole book Game。We had hours and hours， 30。

 40 hours of canned routines， canned remarks。The thing that worked well about this is， well。

 we were knocking on more doors when we' were talking to more girls。Bringing in more leads。

And that led to more steps。However， if you're using all these canned routines and contrived stories you get women in our bed。

It became very apparent and very quickly the spending time with these women were just not satisfying。

It been weren hanging out with me because I was me。

They were hanging out with me because of a caricature I was present。And to a movieby。

 maybe that sounds good。Oh wow， well at least I'm getting more sex。

 at least there's a cute girl in my bed。Yeah， that's fine Matt。

 you're not going to get the best women in behavioraving that way you're okay women are willing to settle for okay guys because you're generating good emotions in the short term。

 those emotions aren't sustainable and you're not going to end up hat those pes in the long term。

Berke and who I seen who is best at this in the world。And popular rise that movementprint。

He never had a cruel pen for more than two or three weeks at a time。You could pick up new girls。

 some of them were pretty cute， some of them were pretty mediocre honestly。

 however after the girl hung out with them for a short period of time。

 you never see them around again， two or three days at most。

Gomen don't like to feel like they've been tricked or manipulated into something。

They want to be with a man who acts like a man all the time。

 they want to be with someone knows who he is， who knows what he wants， who's a strong leader。

Cates compelling adventuretures。You can just have a lot of fun and be yourself selfless。

I entirely gave up a routine bass game。Because the only one to be with womenmon wanted me or me。

These are the only type of relationships that are going to be long term sustainable。

Or immensely fulfilling over any real period of time。If you need short term sex。

 go buy a protitude I guess， man。If you want quality relationships， there's no better way than this。

In the area of fun in the club， your ego is not your friend。

 your ego wants to protect your little self image from being rough up a bit。

 your ego may be the major roadblock to your actual success if you allow it。

Don't let your short term you go at emotionss， keep you from accomplishing your long term goal。

You have no control over the perceptions of some other human's mind。Pre little control at death。

Again， don't worry about being an excellent manipulator， worry about being an excellent man。

 then scream through the mu and find the woman that's right for you。But for now back to your ego。

When you're rewarding yourself or taking action。That you know will lead to the long term accomplishment of your goals。

You're on the right track and you're building self este。

For're engaging in a behavior that's going to lead。

Some of the best outcomes available to any man on earth。Despite knowing who you are。

 knowing what you want， and then taking an action towards it。

What's you well above the top 1% of men Ive hurt？You're in the top 1% of men。

Don't settle for a mediocre woman， find one that'll be amazing for you。lookre the best women。

Just get in front of them， keep your mind。Let let themselves you the good type of woman。

You should want to be。🎼B's way to have fun in the fat chest。

Simply talk about the things that you think are fun or funny。

Get her mirror neuron response operating in your favor， in not technical terms。

Neur neurouron response simply means。🎼IfYou are having sincere fun in the presence of others。

 their emotional state will tend to drift to be closer to yours。

People are easily convinced to join the fun of others。Thus， your sincere happiness。

 light heartedness， et cetera literally becomes the catalyst for others around you to start feeling the same way。

🎼Again， this is a primary precursor to intimate behavior。 Have fun。

Build a connection to legitimize the experience。 Leave the girl。😊。

And sex is a natural thing that happens。Morere on this topic in my exclusive 10 Commandments of game interview with Tyler。

If you can maintain your sincerely good emotions longer than she can be suspect that you might be some beggar or creep。

 she will often choose to follow your emotional lead and become happy to spend time with you。

For one of my early proteges and game， this was exactly his strongest attribute。

You would basically just get in front of a pretty girl。And to over share about how awesome he is。

Until she either walked away from disinterest and to confusion。

Work got excited about him and started to oversshare about her own life as well。

 Then he would lead the girl， have a couple drinks and take her home。Get this all the time。

A cultural note， be aware that a lot of humor， a lot of things that inspire laughter in others。

Perpeicated on harsh truths about the human condition。Not some fair tail shit。

Sometimes these are the kind of truths that would make someone want to laugh or cry。

 depending how close this topic was to their personal experience in life。It's not my goal。

 nor could it be yours to make people cry it for your own amusement。

That's just call up being a po man。However， don't filter your sincere sense of humor around strangers。

Just like not everyone is going to share your goals and values。

 but everyone is going to have fun the same way you do or share your sense of humor。

Be a fixed end adult when someone touches in a sensitive area in your life。

Read by example on this metric。There shouldn't be anything a stranger could say to you that would make you cry。

This isn't an outlandish standard to hold other humans to as well。

Do you really want to be spending time around people who are that sensitive or emotional？

Send them back to their tastepa for cry and color together with the other adult infants。

Then get back on track。In example， I really enjoy a lot of irreverence to political correctness and child humor。

I've enjoyed this juvenile sense of humor， well since I was a juvenile。

Occasionally someone is sincerely offended by it。I don't mind at all when this happened。

Just let me know they're not someone I should be spending my time with。You don't value your time。

 you don't value your life。I often delight in making fun of others in the environment。Again。

Many are excited to indulge a few aren。But political correctness is the opposite of true self expression。

 and although it might serve a purpose in corporate culture。

You should leave it there and communicate to the core of a human's emotions。

No one takes action without sufficient physical or emotional arousal。

Boring them to death is not an effective strategy。While we them with your a expectlessness of political correctness isn't going to do shit except bore someone to doubt。

 it's not going to make them fuck you。I often think of the show Game of Thrones as a fine guiding light of what people are actually emotionally responsive to。

Every episode contains a new warrant justice， a violation of social norms for some form of atrocity。

It's also the most watched TV show ever created。Incest， de， torture and genocide。

 that's emotional relevant。And you can have a lighthearted and fun time getting into the core of the most brutal or taboo topics of the human condition。

How you've got people's attention。When my friends and I go up together we're so damn cure freeee and laugh so hard。

 oftentimes men and women in the environment start looking at us。Some of them are jealous。

 some of them are annoyed， yet irreverence towards the judgment of others combined with our heightened positive emotions is a special sauce that lets others in the environment know you have abundance in their high value people。

Gres to inec people would never be able to tolerate this much of social pressure。

We' still being in the moment without being extremely drunk。When they see we're so。

 or at least relatively sober， we're having so much fun， it just can naturally attractive。

Paators will look at you funny and perhaps touch you negatively。

 but there's no more sincere indicator to others that your life is in better order than theirs and that they should wish to know you。

Realize the second most common ease in humans laugh or smile is a deferment of social status。Yeah。

 I know youre thinking to yourself， Derek， now you're getting buried of the way。Forget this man。

 the most common example of this is like an employee laughing and at divorce boss his joke。

 even though the shit wasn't that funny in an nightclub situation。

 this conveyance of status is well exemplified and a woman tells you a joke that you don't think it's funny。

Instead of laughing， instead of engaging a social def and releasing the tension。

Just look there in the eye and hold that eye contact instead of glass。

Put the circle factor on her to laugh instead。In a way that she knows that you didn't get the punch lion。

 you don't think her shit was funny。That little sense of her being judged by it。

 really spikes her emotions， really captures her attention。Be cautious with this however。

 if done well， I'll feel a bit conscientious and defer to you to keep your attention。

When done in the wrong context， you just look autistic。

Passing shit tests is another great time to implement this strategy of saying nothing。

Just holding eye contact， maybe raising an eyebrow a bit。

 basically looking at her as if she said something to you。

 that was so disjointed from your reality or your worldview that you found it entirely bizarre and unrelatable。

As if she ask you if you've ever had sex with a squid。

 passing these so called shit tests or congruence tests， by the way。

 it's oftentimes a great spot to interject humor in the interaction and really amp up her attraction for you。

When she jokingly pushes an identity upon you， that most wouldn't find attractive or flattering。

 this is a fantastic time to simply agree with her。

 then escalate whatever she' said and make it even more preposterous。

This is based on an improv principle of yes and。In the art of improv。

 people don't argue with each other， you don't contradict your partner on stage。

Whatever they say to you， are' just like， yes and furthermore。Guess Anne。

 you accept whatever has been said is just a given fact。

Then you escalate it or morph it into something else。

In the context of a girl busting your balls in the club， she insinuates that you have a small cock。

 just agree and exaggerate the smallness of it。Color， it's about the size of your thumb。No。

 about the size of her thumb。Tlleller about a study you read recently about small penisees by nationality。

Kelly were shocked to find out about the extent of your physical inadequacy in this area after two years of therapy。

 your counselor told you you'd feel better off instead of thinking about it。As an inch and a half。

 you instead rounded off and thought to yourself nearly two inches， nearly two inches。

 then just change the subject。You don't want to have like a 15 minute conversation about how small your di is good。

Just accept whatever over she said， descalate it further and make it more preposterous。

 have a chuckle together， change the subject。Another point。

Make sure you're not just being some entertainer showed in the club。

I being through own fun and getting her emotionally excited to join this very different concept than entertaining her like a fucking clown or a court jer。

Do what's fun for you and don't give a damn about her reaction or immediate feedback。

When you're pinging off her for feedback， you're no longer having your own funds。

 you've crossed into the realm of seeking validation。Only feedback you need from the girl is。

 is she still standing in there or is she gone away？She's still there。

 she still un't been minded about moving things forward to hear the right kind demand man for her。

She just needs more information to see if it makes sense for her life。

Don't overcomplicate this commandment， just generate your own fund in the general presence of Hman。

Pull them into whatever you and your friends you're joining and invite her along for the adventure。

She doesn't opt out along the way。The adventure leaves to your bedroom。

Here's a fun story that happened with one of my buddies and I were out。

My friend and I were in a big city nightclub and we saw a couple of really pretty girls standing near a bar。

 so we came over and chatted up the girls。You're just cling around and talking the lot of shit。

 really get excited about us quickly。So here's the four of us。Just fucking off。

 laughing about nothing， have no idea what the hell we were talking about we're just having a great time。

 just a lot of self expression。A lot of not judgment math and a lot of fucking fun。

And then these fucking two tros turn around and they bang over drinks。Well。

 I guess these guys were at the bar ahead of time， like the girls have met them just recently and the two guys are waiting at the bar are getting drinks for themselves and the girls。

So the dudes come back， hand the drinks to the girls。And Frank like， you know。

 sorry guys here with us。And we totally get the idea like you see the girls are having like way less fun now and they're just likeh。

 whatever， but it's awkward because the guy's just bought some pinks。So I each over。

 I put my hand on both of the girls' drinks， take them from the girls。Pass one to my buddy。

 I grabbed my girl by the hand and I started to walk away with her。

 my buddy grabbed the other one and follow。We moved them about 20 feet away and just continued to party so sure they felt a little awkward or a little office is crazy but they're really excited for the adventure they loved your ourdiacity and they very readily just followed us along so these two dudes they have a little conference with each other。

Now mind you my friend and I were just in like some jeans and cool shoes probably a t-shirt and a jacket I really don't remember so we're dressed very casually we're just fucking clowning on a great time These old two dudes are dressed up in like formal suits and ties in the club they're just young guys they're like30 or something So they come over they're going make their big intervention and take the girls catch they think。

So they come over and like。Sir， these girls are with us and I'll have you know theyre both Harvard graduates and we're investment bankers。

And they tried to get the girls to fucking roll with。And my buddy and I just pounded him was like。

 you know， awesome， bro fucking nice tie I dude it， da da da da， just old school a mog shit。

 just fucking clowning them， kissing them， fucking pick the girls up。

 literally walked away with her in my heart。So those guys are fucking dad， they're done。

I don't know what happened maybe they drowned themselves maybe their fucking go their spirit is still floating around the club crying into its own hand and masturbating with fears。

 I don't know what the fuck happened， but I know what happened with the girls they came home with my buddy and I had fucking amazing night together stayed on morning。

Fhy guys they caught up with a head about， oh， how do I deal with the other guy。

 other guy come into myself？🎼D this really barely happens。

 The two things that allow this to happen in your interactions are either you're standing way too far away from the girl and strange dudes don't see that you have an intimate relationship together。

 that you're sharing intimacy and your're fucking close and excited and engaged to be with each other。

 or your boy and the poor， fucking girl to death。 An ape that looks at her can just see the fucking book on her face is like。

She's not having a great time。She's clearly not accomplishing her goal of having fun in the environment and she'd be pretty receptive of a fun guy coming in there。

 taking her on a fucking exciting adventure instead of fucking boring or like a fucking dode Look man。

 not everybody's going to think the shit that you think is fun or funny is fun or funny。

But the more you're generating your own fun， the more you are the source of your own good emotions。

 a shit transfers onto to others， it can be way easier for you to lead the girls。

 way easier for them to want to come join your party man and talk about this more in Commandment 7。

Here are some exercises to help implement this commandment。

Watch a variety of stand up comics and see what elements of their humor resonates with you and talk about the topics unfiltered in the environment。

Yes， unfiltered if you never offend someone。You've also failed to delight many others who have loved your company。

Also， when you come across something and funny you during your normal life this week。

 make a point to write that shit down in your phone if you just made a couple bullet points in your phone like shit that made you laugh this week。

And you kept that up for for just a very short period of time for 20。

30 things in your phone that when you go to the club you're gonna to glance at those and you just have callback humor of like you know oh shit yeah。

 oh that and you have a little chuckle and it just gets you in the right sphere again the right mood to access the part of your brain that's relaxed。

 fun and funny to convey those high value of behaviors of displaying irreverent humor having more fun than the other people in the environment again there's probably no better indicator of who feels sincere abundance and who has the best life。

And just their ability to relax， kick back， and have fun of an environment。That's why everybody came。

 fun is the currency of the club。Book recommendations for more on this topic。

Healing good by David Bys。And comedy of Radiant secretcrets by Mel Heitzworth。

