# 十戒：1 主课：游戏十诫1.9 你要帮助别人完成目标_ev

Commandment 9， I shall help others accomplish their goals。

What will happen if this commandment is disobeyed？You will have about as much social influence。

Is a homeless person with a drug addiction。No one will care at all。

But helping you accomplish your goals。The commandment explained。If knows the old adage。

 it'll be like the five people you spend the most time with。Jimberron popularized this in the 70s。

The thought has been around one before him。1900 years ago， TO G Kim Petetitis already knew this。

He said。Above all， keep a close watch on this that you are never so tied to your former acquaintances and friends that you are pulled down to their level。

If you don't， you'll be ruined。You mustus choose whether to be loved by these friends and remain the same person or to become a better person at the cost of these friends。

If you try to have it both ways， you will neither make progress nor keep what you once had。

 You notice Epictes doesn't say there。You might have a bad day。Things might not go so well for you。

 buddy。He says if you're not careful to be pulled down to their level。

 you'll be ruined whilsts things like this let's see。Jeff Bezo is the CEO of Amazon。

Currently the richest man in the world。Says life too short to spend time with people who are not resourceful。

🎼嗯。🎼乐。You must be actively building a tribe of people who are smart， resourceful and ambitious。

 you should also be actively distancing yourself from people who are distract you from those goals。

If you hold yourself to a high standard and socialize a lot。

 you'll be making plenty of friends with quality people。

Over time your life is so full of quality and positivity。

 you just have no time for anything that's not excellent。To be so full of great。

 there will simply be no more free time left over to spend with good note on loyalty to your old friends。

Or your current threat。Invite them to come with you on your journey to a better life。

They come with and keep up with you and your new friends， it's fantastic if they don't。

 you're already on your way to make better friends。

Give them several opportunities to step up and come with。Don make an ego battle。

 be as nurturing as possible and gives sincere encouragement， set your goal to create resentment。

Just help your friend。Over time， some will come and do awesome shit with you。

Others are just not on the same path， might do something cool by themselves or they may choose to do not much。

The ones that do find a productive path， maybe you'll get in touch with them again later。

 if you look get in touch with you， maybe you'll do some more awesome stuff together later in life。

 for the ones who simply don't have the ambition or fail at the goals they try at and never figure out a way to build productivity。

 you'll see your conversations to generate into filtering out the best things in your life so we don't hurt these people's feelings。

And your conversations will all be about reminiscing over something you did back in the day or just hearing them complain about their lives。

 usually blaming others。Those who don't heed my warning on this。

 wait around until your old loser starts getting openly resentful。

 tells you women are somehow using you， they don't actually like you。

 tells you they literally don't believe the stories of some of the best stuff happening in your life。

 stuff that you've just come to take for granted， which of them it only happens in a movie。

At this point， you either visit for an hour or once a year or so if that visit still brings you any value。

Or you just value your time appropriately and do something actually productive with your life。

You don't value your time， you don't value your life。Tragmatic application of this commandment。

Realize that girls like sex as much as you do。They just have more social and evolutionary norms to follow than we do。

She gets excited to have sex with the right guy， help the poor girl accomplish her goals。

Women want to be around socially resourceful people。

Her brain is evolutionarily designed to value abundant and deep social alliances with resourceful people。

It designedign this way because it meant a higher probability of a woman's ability。

To survive and to thrive。It meant the same for her offspring。This is still true today。

Mean she has access to much of the best happenings and resources the world has to offer。

Be conscious and tactful to build relationships with others who are both high value and socially savvy enough to reciprocate。

 the OGPimp and Franklin once said。If you would persuade， you must appeal to someone's self interest。

 not to reason。No。It doesn't say people behave rationally and always give a fuck about the greater good。

He says if you want people to do something for you。

 let them know why it's in their selfish best interest。Make sure you're doing this。

T it expect to anyone to do a damn thing for you， unless you're thoughtful enough and resourceful enough help them accomplish their goals as well。

 behavior otherwise will not create a foundation for long term mutually beneficial relationships。

Don't make commitments with people or don't contribute to your life in tangible ways。

Make sure you understand your value proposition to others。

 this does not mean get involved in a series of transactional relationships。

When you're counting too closely， the ratio of what you're doing for others versus what they're doing for you。

This isn't a friendship anymore。This can be a real turn off to quality people。

Just be aware of what you can help them with and what long term value their friendship might he to you。

Go out of your way to help them。Being through the crowd first。Remember Seneca。

 we're not giving our money to the homeless， we're not giving our money to random people on the street。

We don't give our time to those people。ButWhen you scheme through people that have mutual values and mutual goals。

Invest in those people。Invest in them， to the extent， you get to know them more deeply， more broadly。

 you have a much clearer sense of who they are， what they're about。

 what they're up to in their lives。Go out of your way to do more for them than they're doing for you in the short term they'll be clear to you over a relatively short period of time if these are the type of people they're going to reciprocate back if they're going to be looking for ways to add value to your lives as well。

Or if it's just some leech or narcissistic sponge that just takes whatever they can get。

doesnn't look to contribute back if it's that type of person。

 say goodbye and keep it moving in my experience about one in three people that I've made these sorts of investments with。

See the value and or have the social intelligence。To look for ways to reciprocate。

 to make sure we have a foundation for an ongoing mutually beneficial relationship。

 productive people tend to make measurable action plans with each other。

Keep your communications alive with productive people by determining the following。

Before parting company， you're getting off the phone with them。

Between now and your next communication， who is going to do what by what time and how will you follow up with each other。

 Never violate the promises you've made as people。T0 truths cannot overcome one lie。

Ever make promises you can't keep， failure to execute is very much so looked down upon。

Cognitive consistency is extremely important to high quality people because it is also extremely rare to them。

I'm very reluctant to make plans with people， but once I do， I almost never change those plans。

Basically， only a flight delayed when it extreme sickness could cause this to happen。

Never fuck up your friend's relationships with other quality people when they did you a favor to get you an introduction when a friend leverages his social circle to do you a favor。

 he has loaned you his reputation。If you accept the invitation he is extended to you。

 you have an obligation to love and nurture the gift no matter what。

If I loan someone my reputation and they pissed on it， they won't be friends anymore。

If I see a friend behave that way to another friend。It's going to be bash for my tribe。

I don't spend time with people like that。A few tips on finding potential in others。

Look for people who are smart， fun， co， not a pussy， look for people who share your values and goals。

Be sure they have a work ethic on par with your expectations。

Look for opportunities with people who have great synergies with you。

We ideally want to create relationships with others， we have a massive value to offer each other。

At little economic cost or frustration。You want to make sure this goes both ways。

When you find productive darkive and resource for people whom you can help them solve the important problems or goals in their lives。

 at very little cost to yourself。And they could do the same for you。

 you guys are going to be dear friends。Dear friend。

Find these people where they are highly concentrated。

Sad enough to go out in the world to talk to strangers on a corner you have to go it as a high concentrationemp of the type of people that you want to meet For example。

 if you want to meet more future leaders， dig yourself into a top tier business school。

If you want an abundance of pretty women around you。

 create access to events where those people are highly concentrated。

They be build some modeling infrastructure， get access to the best clubs。

 access to the best sorority authorities。Create your own damn parties and make sure it's a great experience for the women that come。

 no thirsby creeps allow。If you create those type of social situations。

 make sure your other friends in the group understand your expectations of how they're supposed to behave。

When they're around these new people。This is basically what a wingman does。

 indeed a good wingman yourself。Pick up as a team sport。

Although you can get tremendous results by yourself。

You can get even better results for both you and your buddy if you have a great wing man that you're going out with regularly。

You can't have somebody who's not going to play by the same rules as you。

 you got to follow the bullet points I outlined above。For more on this specific topic。

 check out my definitive Guide to wingmanship for free at Rsspderk。com。

A couple more roll points about a wingman。Never contradict your wing。

 never contradict your wing for any reason。IfHe says you just had a threesome with a midget and your mom。

 just go with it， say， yeah， into that， what do you do in your spare time？

Go by the imp rules of yes and。Whatever your wingmen says you got to roll with it。

 obviously don't be trying to sabotage each other。Never step on each other's toes。

 never contradict each other。If you're insulting your wing man or he's insulting you。

 what the hell does that say about your relationship。

 why you're hanging out with a guy that you don't even like or doesn't treat you with proper respect？

Be on the same page， listen to my interview about this。

 brainwash your potential wing band without interview， if he doesn't want to play by those rules。

 get rid of the sorry bum， find a better wingman。When you find the right guy。

 this may be the best friend of your lifetime。You're going to have a lot more amazing sex than he is too。

 you have stories to share for the rest of your lives。On' helping your girl。

Don't really on what she's really excited about and how you can contribute。Uffer her encouragement。

Dr。 B Helper speak out information that would help her cause。

Introduce her to others in your social network and would help her cause。Read by example。

 by this I mean she should see you working towardss and accomplishing your goals。

Go to school or other educational events with her。TED Talks， ideasas Week， self help seminars。

The Dek VIP tour， very specific professional conferences that you might have shared interest in。

 point out to her where she's spending time with people who aren't helping her accomplish her goals。

 travel with her and learn more about the world， history and its cultures。

Take her in thrilling adventures like skydiving， diving with sharks， snorkeling。

 shooting machine guns。Rent a race car and track time。Take her in a motorcycle ride for Cris A。

Go to the gym together。Eat healthy foods together。Do whatever the hell would make her life better。

And give her a reason to feel closer and more bonded to you and helping our friends。

 especially upon your first meeting。Help her friends have fun too。

Bookook her friend up with one of your friends， girl'll pro a different guy she likes。

Get her access to cool shit， take them to cool clubs， get them in the VIP section。

Take him to a cool party， a cook out， the opera， a sports event and your boat。

 wherever the hell fun exists。😊，Bire her a drink or slice of pizza in exchange for her being cool。

With you spending time alone with her friend。What are the benefits of this？

Her friends will encourage her to have sex with you， to date you， to be loyal to you if she does。

They'll treat other guys like shit when they try to hit on your girl。Thell cock block those guys。

 the same way a lot of girls cock blocklock men。And helping other high value men。

But business was also a team support。Make useful social introductions that can help his cause。

Invite him to cool shit， wherever fun is happening and girls are present， guys want to be there。

Cold approached girls and introduce some to him。Most guys are petrified to go talk to a strange woman if you have your cold approach skills mastered。

 this is an amazing exemplification of your resourcefulness to men。Benefits。

Many will reciprocate and go out of their way to help you in similar ways。Or in other ways。

 depending on what resources they have available。Help the staff， managers。

 and owners at the restaurants or clubs you frequent most。Be generous saying thanks to the staff。

Tip them well。Being watered to the door man who lets you in。

Let'stop and chat with the doorman and security people on the way out。

Praise them for the help they gave you earlier， even if they didn't even help you。

Introduce them to girls， give them some tips。$20 on the way out with a warm thank you and a phone number exchange。

 it's worth the hell of a lot more than $100 on the way in in most venues when people are on their way into the club。

 they light sheet and steel， they'll say anything to the four people to try to get access。

And on the way out， they just ignore I and walk by out with like a piece of furniture。

If you're the guy that would just stop and chat him up a little bit you have a real communication with the guy to understand his life situation and what he's going through。

 think for helping you out earlier， think for helping your friend Indianian。

 whatever the situation might be， because those little touch points and my humanity of showing your appreciation to others really goes a long way with industrydi people。

These people are very entitled to the point of being defensive because people want something from them all the time。

 but after you already got what everybody else wants from them， you're。

Very charmed and very happy and very grateful when you just stop and show them a little bit of appreciation。

Invite the managers and owners to cool events that you're going to or just for dinner。

 helping hot girls or bottle service clients to the establishment。

Every business owner and every manager like someone who brings them more revenue and more customers。

If you're looking out for their interest， they're much more likely to reciprocate and look out for yours。

Here are a few of the benefits。You will have access to clubs that others might not even be able to get into。

Probably don't have to wait in line when you go there。You may not even have to pay a coverage charge。

IfAnyone gives you a hard time， you can easily have them kicked out of the environment。

Mike get free drinks for free bottle service。You definitely have massive social proof in the environment。

These are just a very few of the context to be thoughtful to help others。

And give even more value in return。A couple other thoughts about relationships。

Don't treat random people with the same respect you treat your best friend。

You just respect to your real friends if you do this。Make it clear to them。

 they shouldn't trust true judgment。Only a real loser goes out of his way to provide courtesies to random strangers。

 he wouldn't offer as his good friend。This doesn't mean to be actively a brace of the strangers。

But realize many strangers， especially men who don't owe you in the club。

You don't have your best interest in mind。Some stranger talks to me，I'll listen for a couple seconds。

 maybe a minute。If you just some do it wasting my time， I keep it moving real quick。

He doesn't have the sense to make his value proposition clear to me。

I know I've got better things to focus on。Because if you don't value your time。

 you don't value your life。Keep your intelligent and loyal friends with intelligence and loyalty。

Make sure you put them first， 100% of the time。They don't naturally treat you the same way。

 train them to do so。If they to do so， go make new friends。The nightlife context。

Tll my clients on boot camp。Only get distracted at having conversations with the guys if you're interested in getting fuck fucked pie。

If you don't want that， just keep it moving and meet a pretty woman instead。The story。

Best relationship I ever had in my life with the woman I met at the Playboy mansion。

When she and I had met， I had been there several times before。

And the standard there was for us to go home， but least be women a night。You bang a girl in the zoo。

 you bang a girl on the tennis court， maybe in the little private bedrooms near the game room。

You take a third one home with you at the end of the night。My friends and I did this so frequently。

 if one of us only had two women instead of three and get made fun up for a week or more。

This particular night。I saw a beautiful woman in the corner of a cabana。

 and let me give you a little context if you were lucky enough to be invited to these parties。

 which obviously most people weren't。You still had to pay a cover charge of between $1，000 to $5。

000 per night， depending on the event。Now included in that cover charge was open par。

 you had free liquor all night， they had very high quality orurbs， nice shrimp， fileet andignan。

 amazing desserts。Good quality food， all the liquor you could drink。Everything's great。

For some people， they' buy these cabanas。When you buy a cabana。

 all you're really buying is a little piece of real estate to sit in。

That excludes other people from sitting by you it's basically just a social status indicator the guys are paying 10。

000 to 25，000 a night for just because they can' they still end up eating exactly the same food。

 they get exactly the same drinks as you would anywhere else just have a bottle of the same stuff sitting at your table。

So you don't have to bother to go to the bar and get it。Now they have these cabs， as you imagine。

 they have like velvet ropes roping them off， keeping them isolated。

 so it increases the perceived exclusivity of their purchase。

I saw a beautiful woman in the corner of one of these cabanas and she was there with two other women and six men。

Now I don't have the right wrist band。To go into that area of the party。

Because it's only for a couple dozen people that's spent this money to be there。

🎼When I walk right up to the rope。 I look at the security man who is gardening the rope。

 I look at him， I look down where the velvet rope is connected to the post。

I look at him and the ice again a bit annoyed。And he says， oh， I'm sorry， sir。

 and he opens the rope right up and I walk past。Igrarate to that girl。I told her you're so pretty。

 I had to come meet here。We started to chat。Now we weren't chatting for long。

 I got her on her feet and move her to the center of her space。

And pretty soon the guys that she's with， are're yelling。

 they're barking little fells yelling in my face， spititz hitting in my cheek。

 spits hitting me in the eye。I don't worry about it。

 but I know he's going to cost to security and it's going to help me remove from there in literally less than one minute。

I mostly ignore the guy and I entice her I'm like， hey。

 do you want to see here with the cool kids but you want to come on an adventure with me Have you ever seen the zoo？

Like no I haven't come。We get on the other side of the velvet rope。

 this guy's still bark and still talking shit， but there's nothing he can do about it。

She and I go up on our adventure， we had a wonderful time throughout the night it brought to my attention again and again。

 this girl is from that city。And she knows a lot of people there。

And she's getting invite after invite all her ass parties in the hills after the mansion closes。

To come to Ferge's house in the limo， come here， come there， all sorts of crazy shit。

I had to deal with one cock block after another， women trying to pull her away。

 men trying to get her attention so theyd hang out with him all sorts of shit。

 but at the end of the day。I paired up one of her friends with one of my friends。

And we end up spending the night together， everything went beautifully sometime later in the aftermath of this。

 we started dating and spending a lot of time together。We've both invested a lot in each。

You're both very motivated， ever wasted time with anyone with different values or general goals than our own。

We actively created amazing adventures that bonded us together while learning more about the world and the process。

When you're accustomed to being around such a well-developed and high quality woman。

 it's very difficult for anyone else to catch your attention and you're the kind of man we've outlined in this program and you screen your woman to make sure you have a elite lead compatibility with each other。

 it's extremely difficult for any other man to get her attention。

She just doesn't have the time to fuck around with inferioror goods。

Exercises to help implement this commandment。Tell a close friend today about a future coal of yours and invite them to come along。

When making plans with productive people， make sure you're contributing to their lives。

Offer to do a resourceful person a favor today。Make sure you tell them what you're going to do。

When it will be done， how you're going to follow up with them。

When you're talking to some stranger this week who's not living their life in alignment were through our goals。

The moment you become aware of this。Tell them you have another obligation。

 you have to get back to your life now。If it's a woman， let her know overtly。

 she's not the type of person you're interested in， tell her you wish her well to have a good night。

Book recommendations for more on this topic。How do we France and influence people， Adle Carnegie？

The 48 laws of power by Robert Green。