# 十戒：3 特维斯解读：游戏十诫3.0 特维斯介绍_ev

Welcome to the 10 Commandments of game。My name is Travis， and I'm the primary boot camp instructor。

 coach and apprentice of the most in demand man live dating coach in the world， Derek。😊。

I originally met Derek in person back in 2017， and I decided after hearing him speak that when the student is ready。

 the master appears and that it was my time to get on boot camp。

 even though I had only been in the game going out to bars and nightclubs for about two months before my first boot camp。

 as I was considering waiting until marriage to have sex。😊，At the time of this recording。

 I attended three poamps a client，70 as an assistant。

 pulled andcloed 60 plus women in two years time and have been teaching others how to do the same all around the world。

This commentary is the culmination of 2000 plus notes of detailed social nuances and my time with Derek on over 73 boot camps。

 more than any other assistant had attended before。

My background is that I finish at the top of my class and have an Ivy League education studying cognitive neuroscience。

I spent 10 years studying a musical instrument and bringing it to a professional level。

 studying with some of the best who ever played。I used to work as an analyst for multiple Fortune 500 companies。

 I also faced some very intense hardships growing up， some of them。

 which gained international attention。 And I had been consuming self help for more than 10 years。

My goal with this commentary is to take an U newbie to U advanced， as I had done in record time。

I was only going out for two months before I decided to take three boot camps at Drek On the last two of those boot camps。

 I pulled andclosed every single night。You're going to hear some things in this commentary that you haven't heard before in this community。

 and they will challenge the way you think。 But I encourage you to practice with them because I've tested everything on myself and on our clients。

 and they work。I've met each of Derrerick's former assistants， including Sean。

 and they were all particularly excited about my take on Dererick's core principles and were stoked to hear that was adding a commentary since I was the only one who was closest to be in a newbie。

 but still reaching an advanced level very quickly。😊，These are very advanced concepts。

 I recommend that you process them slowly。That being said。

 I will literally walk you through what you should be doing from open to close without getting too precise in the details that would get in the way of your success。

This game is difficult to teach because we do not want to risk becoming too robotic in our approach。

 So we have to teach indirectly。 I'll get as specific as I possibly can with what you should be doing。

 But if I get any more specific， it will ruin the lesson。

 So follow the instruction to the best of your ability。

 There is no other information to know other than the specific instruction I am providing you in these commandments。

My goal is to provide you a system where you can consistently go out with minimum friction。

 go proceed about your life， find a pretty girl， and communicate to her in a way such that sex is the natural outcome。

 and the more you do so， the more your life improves。My goal ultimately。

 is for you to forget all this program。 The reason why is because I want these 10 commandments and exercise to be so ingrained in your mind that you don't even need to think about them。

Here are a couple of things to keep in mind before you dive into this content。1。

 I have a slightly different communication style than what you might be used to from other instructors。

 which you may like or may not like。If you do not like it。

 I recommend you pay close attention to the information and pay close attention to the instruction。

 and you'll do fine in the end。2， none of this is useful unless you take action。 In fact。

 it will be quite harmful if you don't take action right away。

 Action taking will auto correct all of your problems。 This whole program is about doing it quicker。

3， put the ego away completely。 E is defined as the self preservation force。

 Shaved by thousands of years of social preservation。It may have helped you back then。

 but it will not help you in getting better with this game。4。

 implement these commandments one at a time。 There will be a homeostasis effect for everything you try to change and a lot of content to remember。

 So make sure you get each concept habitualized before going on to the next。And 5。Keep showing up。

 That's all that matters。 When you put the towel in， that's it。

This is a chess game that is solved by your instinct than your emotions。

 Resolve to do 1 per cent better every day。 Just do one more。 It's going to be tough。

 and there are no short cuts to hard work。 There are no elevators to success。

 You've got to take the stairs。The10 Commandments are meant to be done in order。

You'll start with the Interga Foundation with Commandments，1 and 2。

Then we'll transition to opening game with commandments 3，4 and 5 with logistics。

 opening and conveying identity。Then in commandments 6 and 7。

 will'll transition the middle game on having funden going on in adventure。

Then we'll shift to the end game with Commandment 8 on making the sex happen。And finally。

 it will shipped into macro game with commandments，9 and10。

Pick up is a tough activity and drives a lot of men insane。

 Here are things you will need to do while going on this journey to keep a level head。1。

 find a fitness routine and lift heavy weights。Two， find a meditation routine。3。

 take hold showers and 4， refrain from masturbation。Start these immediately。

You' are about to transform， and these elements will facilitate that transformation。Don't just say。

 ya， ya。 And then not do them at all。 In fact， I'd recommend you take a moment right now to figure out a fitness routine。

 a meditation routine， a cold shower routine。 and what you're going to do instead of masturbating。

Trust me， this will help a ton when you're facing the sheer amount of social feedback you'll be getting over the course of this year。

Game is the pathway to wealth。If you've ever wondered， hey， I want to start a business。

 but I don't know where to start。 The way you learn Drerick's style of game teaches you all the corees essentials to becoming a highly successful entrepreneur from managing your resources。

 thick skin to feedback， effective communication， understanding mass psychology and so on。😊。

You have a duty to get this handled When one person gets their life in order。

 it changes dozens of peoples of lives， including the thousands of women you will end up talking to this year。

If you are not already， I'd recommend you get on boot camp as soon as you can。

 since the schedule is almost complete。 Meeting Deerrek in person is an unparalleled experience that certainly will change your life。

😊，How much pain can you take and keep going。You'll not only endure the pain of improvement。

 but also the pain of regret。There will be many opportunities this year to get a girlfriend。

 and you will have to say no to them all。 If you do this properly for one year。

 you'll have a lifetime of having the best female of partners and the right skill set to go meet even better ones。

 So commit to doing this for a year without a girlfriend friend。😊，You can take my word for it now。

 or you can take my word when the girl of your dreams breaks up with you。

 and you have to start learning everything over from scratch instead of just jumping right back into the game。

 The choice is yours。If you follow the instructions of Drerick， Sean and myself。

 you will get the same skill set that many of the major instructors currently possess。

We will oftentimes see clients surpass their skill sets and oftentimes see our clients take curls off the other instructors。

Expect to see not only an increase in your number of sexual partners。

 but you will see an increase in the quality of these partners as well。

 not to mention the quality of your peer group， your competency at getting what you want in life and a notable increase in your income as well。

 That's right， Your income。People will look at you differently。 They will see you as the leader。

 and they will look to you to solve their problems。Throughout this commentary。

 I'm going to give you exercises。 Please do them。 They are going to get you getting results faster than anyone in this game had previously seen。

Be very careful what you wish for。 You just might get it。If this is truly what you want。

 then I'm very excited to be sharing this ground breaking content with you to getting the elite results of Derrick。

 Sean myself and the rest of the Drick team。 You're on team， Drerick。 Now， you're in good hands。😊。

Ultimately， it is a process， one that you could follow and win。To the friends of the Drick team。

 to the fellow assistants， old and new。 to the k Knights cheer members。 And finally， you。

 I thank you for all that you have helped me with。 And now it is my turn to give back without further ado。

 Welcome to the 1 commandments of game。😊。