# 帕金森定律

> 原文::1230【https://alpha male 20 . com/2012/02/24/Parkinson-law/

不，不是帕金森*病*，帕金森*法*。这是工作和时间管理最重要的方面之一。规律是这样的:

> Work expands to fill the time to finish it. This means that if you have a task, give yourself "the next five hours" to finish it. Guess how long it will take to finish it? Five hours. If you have the same task, instead of setting a two-hour timer and forcing yourself to finish it before the timer stops, guess how long it will take? Two hours. The same task, completely different completion time. Parkinson's law also applies to long-term projects. If you give yourself two months to finish a big project, it will definitely take you two months or more to finish. On the contrary, if you give yourself three weeks to finish the exact same project, guess what will happen? One of the biggest mistakes people make is to look at their to-do list in the morning and say "OK. I have the next eight hours to finish these things. " Not good. Not only will it be possible for you to finish all the work *instead of* , but your work will be expanded to fill those eight hours. A better way is to identify the key items in the list, and then force yourself to finish them in an hour or two. After completion, [take a quick rest](http://www.sublimeyourtime.com/2011/12/22/take-frequent-breaks/ "Take Frequent Breaks") , select some new projects, and then enter the burst mode again for an hour or two. I am often aware of Parkinson's law of evil, and I always make sure it doesn't artificially prolong my working hours. You should do the same.