# åœ¨æ—…é€”ä¸­å¼€å±•ç§»åŠ¨ä¸šåŠ¡çš„æœ€ä½³æ–¹å¼

> åŽŸæ–‡ï¼š<https://alphamale20.com/2012/04/07/being-a-functionally-mobile-businessperson/>

One of my ongoing standards is to be 100% work-functionalÂ whereverÂ I am. Â I define work-functional as theÂ abilityÂ to get any work done that I could normally get done while sitting down at my office. Â A lot of people out there *think* they'reÂ functionallyÂ mobileÂ when they really aren't, as you're about to see. If you have a smartphone like an iPhone or Android, you'reÂ probablyÂ at least 50% there already. If your office is more or less [paperless](http://www.sublimeyourtime.com/2012/01/14/going-paperless-2/ "GoingÂ Paperless")Â and if you're really, really good at your smartphone (and most people aren't), you may be 90% or even 100% there. Â The same is true if you carry around an iPad or Android tablet. I'm an Android guy, and I use the Droid X phone with the massive screen. Â That way, my phone is as computer-like as I can get it. Â I love my Droid X and I'd marry it if I could. Â However there are still some key work tasks that my phone either can't do, or can do but in a very cumbersome manner. Â That means to be truly 100% work-functional I need my laptop, and you probably do too. That doesn't mean I carry my laptop everywhere I go. Â If I'm going out to run some quick errands, or if I'm heading out to a single client appointment and I know I'm goingÂ straightÂ home after that *and* [traffic](http://www.sublimeyourtime.com/2012/03/02/avoiding-traffic/ "AvoidingÂ Traffic")Â won't be an issue when I'm done, then I'll leave my laptop home with [LogMeIn](https://secure.logmein.com/) active so I can access it easily if I need to while I'm away. However! Â If I'm leaving my house "for the day", or there's even a *tinyÂ possibilityÂ whatsoever* that my appointment may last longer than I think, or that I may get stuck somewhere, or may have to end up waiting for someone, or traffic will be an issue, or I'll be sitting on a train or a plane, or whatever, then I quickly disconnect my laptop from myÂ monitorÂ and toss it into my ready-to-go laptopÂ bag. Â That way no matter what happens, no matter how badly my schedule gets screwed up, I'm able to work wherever I am. Or am I? How many times have I seen people with laptops inÂ mobileÂ situations scream bloody murder when they couldn't connect to the internet? Â All the time. How many times have I seen people with laptops inÂ mobileÂ situations scream bloody murder when their battery is dying and they can't find an easy way to plug in anywhere? Â Again, all the time. Â Have you ever seen these poor folks at the airport looking for plugs? Â It'sÂ hilarious. So to be 100% work-functional no matter where you are, not only do you need to have your laptop with you, you need to make sure you can A) easily and quickly connect to the internet *no matter where you are*, and B) have plenty of power, as in *more than you think you'll need*. **Internet Access** The easiest solution forÂ mobileÂ internet is to set up your smartphone as either aÂ mobileÂ hotspot or tether it with a USB cable. Â ("Tether" means to use your phone's internet connection as your laptop's access to the internet.) Â Both of these solutions get a littleÂ technicalÂ and are beyond the scope of this blog post, but they're bothÂ relativelyÂ easy to set up, and it's usually free. I tether my phone. Â So no matter where I am, while everyone else are cussing about how they can't connect to whatever wireless internet isÂ available, I just plug my phone into my laptop, and boom, I'm on the internet. Â It worksÂ whereverÂ I can get a cell phone signal, which is just about anywhere. Â Extra benefit: My laptop charges my smartphone while I'm surfing. Â How cool is that? Â (That's one of theÂ reasonsÂ why I prefer tethering to hotspotting. Â Tethering also tends to be more stable and secure.) **Power** There is an easy solution to this and I'm shocked that I don't see more people doing it. Many years ago, when I made my first 15 hour flight to Asia, I had my laptop ready to go. Â The plane took off, and I whipped out my laptop and got to work. Â About two hours later, my battery died. Â I looked in vain for a plug, but a compatible plug wasn't available. Â So for the next 13 hours I sat there like a moron watching the chick flicks they were playing in the cabin. Not cool. I resolved that something like that would never happen again. Â Today, whenever I purchase a new laptop for business use, I purchase an additionalÂ *two* laptopÂ batteriesÂ for it. Â I always keep these extra two charged and in my ready-to-go laptop bag. Â At about three hours of power each, that means I have *nine hours of power* no matter where I am. Â Nine hours is plenty. I used to be like everyone else and search around for plugs in the wall whenever I wanted to get some work done. Â Now, I don't even care. Â I just operate completely on battery power and if one dies I just swap in a new one and I'm good to go...for many more hours. Also remember that my laptop, via itsÂ battery, can charge my smartphone and my iPod. Â No matter what theÂ situation, I've got power for everything. Â I'mÂ completelyÂ power-autonomous. My laptop, my phone tether, and nine hours of power. Â I'm armed and dangerous and extremely productive, regardless of where I am or the situation I find myself in. Â While everyone else is bored because they have nothing to do, or pulling their hair out because they can't connect to the internet, or doing yoga moves to contort themselves into Twister-like positions to plug intoÂ some inconvenient wallÂ socketÂ somewhere, I'm just quietly working away, getting it all done. If mobile functionality is important to you, I recommend you do the same. ðŸ™‚