# 平庸不会让你快乐

> 原文：<https://alphamale20.com/2018/09/20/being-average-wont-make-you-happy/>

This means that, as long as you’re not actively hurting anyone, you should live your life literally any way you feel you should live it, regardless of what I think, society thinks, or even what you feel society “needs.”
Therefore, you don’t need to take my advice. That’s the wonderful thing about individualism. You can read advice from a guy like me (or any other guy) and say, “This is bullshit. I’m not doing this.” It’s nice.
I say this because I know the advice I’m about to give in this article (and an upcoming article on this blog next week) is going to make a decent percentage of you defensive at best, upset at worst. I’m an outcome independent individualist who doesn’t care about society, so I really don’t care at all if you take my advice or not. However, that doesn’t mean the advice I’m about to give isn’t based on fact. It is.
Okay, here it is...
You could categorize people in society at various levels of achievement. You’ve got the total losers at the bottom, “normal” screwed-up people just above them, average Joes above them, slightly more successful and happy people above them, super-achievers above them, and ultra-achievers above them.
We could have a pedantic and overly-complex discussion about specifically which categories there are and what percentage of society falls into each, but I’m not interested in that theoretical crap. To keep things simple, I’ll use the above chart as a guide and just say that there are 20% of people who are losers to some degree, 20% who are achievers, and the remaining 60% are average, normal people.
My topic today is those average people.
Fifty, perhaps sixty years ago, if you were average, you were more or less okay, particularly if you lived in the United States. The average guy from the 1950s had his own house, a decent car, a stay-at-home wife who never divorced him, a kid or two, a job that supported a decent lifestyle, low prices, a rising middle-class, reasonably low tax rates, near zero debt, solid investments, and a pension that would easily support his retirement and a comfortable life until his death.
Average back then really wasn’t that bad at all. Being average *back then* really was okay, if that’s what you really wanted.
Just one question. Does that look like the average man **today?**
Of course not. Today, after decades of corporatism, quasi-socialism, inflation, increased taxes, money printing, currency devaluation, manipulation of commodity markets, skyrocketing government spending, fractional reserve banking, stagnant wages, massive immigration, cultural collapse, increasing consumer debt, and all the other slow-collapse-of-the-Western-world aspects I’ve talked about many times, all brought on by horrifically stupid and irrational voters on both the left and the right, things have now dramatically changed.
Today, the average man makes an income that is so low he likely *can't even live by himself,* and needs to live with family or roommates to help pay the sky-high rent.  [He also pays 51-70% of his meager income in taxes](http://calebjonesblog.com/americans-pay-among-highest-taxes-world/), so the money he actually spends on his lifestyle is minuscule. He can’t afford college or even basic health care without the government helping him. If he owns a car, it’s likely a cheap piece of shit. He can’t even afford to have children, and he does anyway, you and I will likely be forced at gunpoint to help pay for them, since [half of all American households receive some sort of government assistance](https://www.forbes.com/sites/merrillmatthews/2014/07/02/weve-crossed-the-tipping-point-most-americans-now-receive-government-benefits). He either is unmarried, divorced, or married but not divorced *yet,* since [the odds are sky-high he’ll get divorced in a few years](https://blackdragonblog.com/2014/07/13/divorce-statistics/). Oh, and his wife has to work at a job just to help him pay the basic family bills. He's also likely a beta male, is often in state of oneitis, doesn’t have sex very much, and if he does, it’s to an average-looking woman that’s “in his league.”
In other words, **being average used to be okay, but now it sucks ass.**
So if you ever think (or hear) “Just be average. It’s okay,” that’s actually an incorrect statement. It used to be true, but no longer. Today, being average is *not* okay. Today, being average is a *negative condition*.
You may argue that being average is still okay because the average Joe doesn’t have to put in the time or effort to be better than average. This is true. Any level of success, including the types of Alpha Male 2.0 success I talk about (nonmonogamy, decent woman skills, $75,000 per year location independent income, etc) which don’t take very long to achieve (just a few years, then you sit back and chill for the rest of your life) do indeed take a few years of work that’s above and beyond going to your bullshit low-paying job and then going home and playing video games all evening.
My point is that lifestyle won’t make you happy in the long-term. I didn’t say it will necessarily make you miserable (though it might). I just said it won’t make you happy, because it won’t.
That’s the bottom line and my entire point. Being average won’t make you happy. If you lived in the 1950s, then it *might,* but not now. Since being average now sucks (and will get much worse as time goes on, just watch), being average can’t make you *happy.*
If your response is that you don’t care about being happy, then as I’ve been saying to my Alpha Male 1.0 brothers for many years, that’s fine, but then I don’t understand why you’re reading my content. I am here to teach men how to be long-term happy. If long-term happiness is something you find unimportant or selfish, I’m honestly confused as to why you’re here, since you’re really not in my target audience.
My advice, then, if you want to become long-term happy, is that you must be at least somewhat better than average. If you’re already there, great. If you’re not there, set some goals like I talk about in [my book,](http://www.alphamalebook.com/) then work on it and get there. It’s really not that hard. Seriously, it’s not. As regular readers already know, when I say “above average” that doesn’t mean you need to be some kind of super-achiever. I’m not talking about being a multimillionaire who bangs supermodels left and right. Nope. I’m just talking about a few basic things, like:
- Getting your woman-skills up to where you can have at least two attractive women on rotation.
- Building a small, location-independent business that pays you at least $75,000 per year.
- Don’t let your physical health go to complete shit, even as you age.
- Get to a one million dollar net worth by the time you’re 50 years old, which again, really isn’t hard as I described [here](https://blackdragonblog.com/2018/07/05/every-man-should-be-worth-1-million-by-age-50/).
See? No supermodels, no private jets, no six pack abs, or any of that stuff. Just being above average. It's not hard. And it will make you happy. Anything in the above list is achievable by any normal man in the Western world reading these words. I’m not suggesting nor recommending anything crazy.
For those of you who *want* to be super-achievers, that’s great too! I make way more than $75,000 a year, I have way more than two attractive women on rotation, I travel the world regularly, and so on. I live a really fantastic life, and I’m working hard to make it better for when I’m in my 50s. So if you really want to kill it, that’s fantastic and I support you 100%. I’m just saying to my wider audience that super-achievement isn’t necessary for most men.
But that doesn’t mean being average will make you happy. It won’t.
(And before you say it, *please* don't use the bullshit [2% exception to the rule](https://blackdragonblog.com/2013/12/22/the-2-rule/) example of "not everyone can be better than average" excuse. Yes, if you are mentally retarded or have no arms or legs, I agree being better than average may not be possible for you. Are *you* retarded? Are *you* missing all of your arms and legs? Then shut the fuck up with these 2% excuses.)

> 想要超过 35 个小时的如何改善你的女性生活和财务生活的播客吗？想每月和我一起做两次教练吗？想要获得数小时基于技术的视频和音频？ [SMIC 计划](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)是一个月度播客和教练计划，只要你注册，你就可以获得大量独家、仅限会员的 Alpha 2.0 内容，并且你可以随时取消。点击[此处](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)了解详情。