# 组建你的商业梦想团队

> 原文：<https://alphamale20.com/2018/07/22/business-dream-team/>

One of the requirements of the Alpha 2.0 business model dictates that you can’t have any employees in any of your businesses. There are numerous reasons for this that I lay out in [this book](http://www.alphamalebook.com), but the bottom line is managing a bunch of employees and putting up with all the bullshit and red tape required will not make you long-term happy unless you are a very unusual exception to the rule.
However, that doesn’t mean you can hit your business or income goals all by yourself. You can’t. You’re going to need assistance from a lot of other people.
I view this as assembling your “dream team.” This is a small, core group of people who will help you accomplish your financial goals.
I’m about to list common categories of people you’ll need for your dream team, at least eventually. You will not need any of these people when you first get started. At that point, it might just be you and an accountant/bookkeeper and that’s fine. It may even take several years before you need them all. So if you have a small business that you just started, or only make $1000 a month or something like that, don’t think you need all of these people. You don’t, yet.
But you will eventually.
Here’s a list of some likely people you’ll need help from in your Alpha 2.0 business.
**Accountant** – Likely, this will be the first person you need. This person will do your tax returns and *might* give you some advice on how to save money on taxes (though an accountant will never be as good as a tax attorney).
**Techies** – These are technical guys who do the grunt technical work for you. In my businesses, I have guys who handle my websites, blogs, email, audio editing, and all kinds of other things. None of them are employees; they’re all virtual assistants or subcontractors. **You should not be doing the technical work in your business.** You should be doing sales, marketing, and product/service creation. Everything else should be done by your techies. It’s good to have a “lead techie” who can guide you, and perhaps lead and/or coordinate the other techies.
**Coach (or coaches) –** You should have at least one coach who is already where you want to be, helping you out in some form or fashion on a regular basis. I have one myself (don’t ask who it is; I won’t tell you and you wouldn’t know him anyway) and I will probably get a second one soon. Having a coach will save you a *huge* amount of time.
**Family Attorney** – This isn’t relevant if you have no kids, aren’t married, and live alone. But if you do have kids and/or any kind of significant other, you must have a good family attorney based in your local city that you can ask questions to whenever he’s needed, and he will be. It’s mandatory for the Alpha Male 2.0\. Men in the modern era encounter too many problems with kids and women because they aren’t aware of the related laws (most of which are arrayed against men).
**Tax Attorney** – Once you’re making around the Alpha 2.0 minimum of $75,000 per year, and certainly once you hit $100,000 per year or more, you need to hire a good tax attorney and have him help you legally slash your taxes and get them down to the bare minimum required by law. Tax attorneys are much better than accountants, but they’re much more expensive, so you need to be making a decent amount of money before you bother hiring one.
**Mastermind Group** – This is optional, but super helpful. Being in a small mastermind group of guys at or beyond your level is a very good use of your time. I’m not in one at the moment, but I have been in the past and I will again soon.
**Business Manager** – At some point, when you get big enough, you’ll want to hand over most of the day-to-day management of your businesses to a business manager. That way, all you need to do is be the front-end guy for your business and focus 100% on the tasks that actually make money.
**Financial Planner(s)** – You will need one or more financial planners to help you manage your investments. You shouldn’t do all of your investment management yourself, no matter how smart you think you are. I do a lot of research on investing myself and I’ve made some good decisions, but I still semi-regularly bounce my ideas off two financial planners I trust (don’t ask me who they are) just to get some expert and external opinions. Often they will see things I won’t. Be sure to only use “fee only” financial planners, not the typical financial planners who manage everything and take a percentage of your gains. Fee only financial planners tend to be more objective.

> 想要超过 35 个小时的如何改善你的女性生活和财务生活的播客吗？想每月和我一起做两次教练吗？想要获得数小时基于技术的视频和音频？ [SMIC 计划](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)是一个月度播客和教练计划，只要你注册，你就可以获得大量独家、仅限会员的 Alpha 2.0 内容，并且你可以随时取消。点击[此处](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)了解详情。