# 如何管理 Alpha 2.0 业务

> 原文：<https://alphamale20.com/2018/10/11/how-alpha-2-0-businesses-are-managed-3/>

In this next installment on how to create your own Alpha 2.0 location-independent business, I’ll describe the overview of how a typical Alpha 2.0 business works. Before I do that, I want to thank all of you who sent or posted questions and comments. This input is really helpful to me because it paints a better picture of what kind of information you guys want and need, not only for the upcoming Alpha 2.0 Business Course (click [here](https://alpha20.teachable.com/p/alpha20businesscourse/) for it), but for future stuff I will provide you (including additional courses if this one sells well!). To quickly recap last time, having 2-4 small, Alpha 2.0, location-independent businesses creates a solid income from multiple, diversified income sources. This provides you not only with a good amount of regular and location-independent income on a lower amount of work, but also protects you from various problems that plague other “normal” business owners.
Once you have an Alpha 2.0 business structure, you will be making at least $75,000 per year (the Alpha Male 2.0 minimum for maximum, long-term happiness) and will be doing so no matter where you are or where you wish to travel. I’ve done this myself (I have three location-independent businesses that require only 15 hours a week for me to maintain, and I make a lot more than $75,000 per year) and what I’ve done can be duplicated by anyone willing to put in a little time.
Now for the new stuff…
**How Alpha 2.0 Businesses Are Managed**
One of the goals of the Alpha 2.0 business is to remove yourself from the flow of work. This means you need to create a business (or businesses) that create income from *systems* instead of *hands-on work*.
People who are employees and most business owners have income that is only created from *hands-on* *work*. That means you have to use your hands to actually go do something in order for the income to flow. If you don’t do that work, you have no income. It doesn’t matter if you work at McDonalds as a burger flipper (no flipping, no money) or you’re a top-level heart surgeon (no cutting, no money).
Most business owners also are stuck in this boat. They have to go to their stupid office every day and perform the work of their actual work (consulting, selling, whatever) as well as screw around with employee problems, logistical issues, marketing, expansion, bookkeeping, legal, and so on.
It really sucks, and I would know, since I was that type of business owner myself for many years. Yeah, I eventually made some decent money, but I was working my ass off (many times I had to put in 60-70 hour weeks) because I had to *do* everything. Yes, that’s even when I had employees. Hey, employees aren’t going to manage themselves. *You* have to do that.
Today, under the Alpha 2.0 business model, I only need to work a fraction of that time and make several times more money than I used to. This is because all of my companies are based on *systems* instead of me working.
Your only job as an Alpha 2.0 business owner is to develop these systems and get them into place and up and running. Then you can sit back and chill, putting in just enough effort to watch these systems and make sure they keep running. In my case, this would take about 15 hours per week. I know other Alpha 2.0s who only need to put in about 8-10 hours per week.
You need to develop several systems, including systems that handle:
- Marketing (getting more customers)
- Fulfillment (getting the product/service/info to the customer)
- Finance (getting the key numbers and watching them closely)
Optionally, you can (and should) develop other systems that handle things like:
- Customer Service (helping customers with problems or questions)
- Your Own Tasks (so you can do the minimum work possible as the business owner)
- Expansion (developing new products/services/info to sell to your customers)
Once you have these systems in place, all you have to do is sit back and watch the systems from afar to make sure they keep running smoothly. This is much easier than working.
Of course, if you’re like me and have big goals, instead of sitting back and chilling out while watching your systems, you can instead choose to scale your businesses upwards to hit the really big money. But the key point is that it’s completely up to you. You can kick back and chill for the rest of your life, or you can keep working by choice to hit new financial goals. You have the *choice.* Most normal business owners do not have this choice. They have to keep working and working until they get old whether or not they want to. As a business consultant with over 20 years of experience I can tell you for a fact that most business owners actually own a **job**, not a business.
In the [Alpha 2.0 Business Course](https://alpha20.teachable.com/p/alpha20businesscourse/) I will, of course, show you exactly how to do all of this. I actually flowchart exactly how I run my businesses so you can copy exactly what I’m doing to match your own product, service, or information that you wish to sell.
And, yes, if you have no idea what to sell or to whom, I show you exactly how to do that too.
A few more questions that have come up in the last few days:
*Will you allow people to purchase the second, smaller upsell course after the release week?*
I have not made a solid decision on that, but 90% chance the answer is no. If I let people buy that course after the 25th, it would defeat the entire purpose of limiting the release of the *main* course for just one week.
*Is this course only for Americans? Like when talking about legal structures and such, every country is different.*
I've been pretty clear about this but I'll be more clear. This course is for anyone on planet Earth, in any country, who has a decent internet connection. I state very clearly in the course that when I talk about specific items like legal or corporate structures, since I can't list all of them for 190+ countries, I clearly state that while I'm using American examples (since the USA is the largest market), you'll have to ask a local accountant or attorney regarding the equivalents in your country (most countries have American equivalents for these things).
*Are you going to more courses in the future?*
That entirely depends on you! If I sell a lot of these courses AND the number of guys asking for their money back is very low, then absolutely yes, I will release more courses as soon as possible. I've actually outlined four more video courses I'd like to do; two on business and two on women skills. BUT, if this course doesn't sell well OR if it sells okay but a lot of guys ask for their money back, then no, this will be the last course I do. Designing this course has taken a *huge* amount of my personal time and energy (and money), so I can't afford to do it again if the process isn't profitable. **So it's all up to you guys. ** I would love to do more of these... I'm just waiting to see what you guys end up doing.
The next business article in this series will come on Monday, October 15^(th) so be on the lookout for that. In that article I will go into more detail about how to come up with something to sell, and who to sell it to for maximum odds of success and profit.
Please either email me or leave a comment on any other Alpha 2.0 business topics you’d be interested in, or if you have any questions on the upcoming course! We’re getting closer to the big day on Friday October 19^(th) when enrollment opens for one week!

> 想要超过 35 个小时的如何改善你的女性生活和财务生活的播客吗？想每月和我一起做两次教练吗？想要获得数小时基于技术的视频和音频？ [SMIC 计划](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)是一个月度播客和教练计划，只要你注册，你就可以获得大量独家、仅限会员的 Alpha 2.0 内容，并且你可以随时取消。点击[此处](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)了解详情。