# 我是个混蛋——如果你不喜欢，请走开

> 原文：<https://alphamale20.com/2018/07/26/im-an-asshole-if-you-dont-like-it-please-go-away/>

Here are a few comments / emails I’ve received in the past:
[89yjkhmjsd wrote](https://blackdragonblog.com/2018/01/04/story-history-women-part-7-falling-love-making-mistakes/#comment-357413):
*I read the last comments on “Why It’s So Important To Ignore Her After A Breakup” and your reason for closing comments there.*
*Since unfortunately for some men oneitis has an effect neurally alike to heroin (of all drugs), why don’t you write a serious post about this (a follow-up to Why It’s So Important To…) where instead of simply calling this type of men “pussies” you explain the drug-like effects with a little more… tact?*
[Andy L. wrote](https://blackdragonblog.com/2018/07/05/every-man-should-be-worth-1-million-by-age-50/#comment-384353):
*You are right, your tone does motivate people. And it also turns people off to your message sometimes.*
[Anon wrote](https://blackdragonblog.com/2017/11/23/a-dragon-in-dubai/#comment-344477):
*On the ‘Sexual Compatibility’ thread, I read through the comments to find useful information, and was aghast to see that the last 30-odd comments are about nothing more than anal sex and feces.  It was nauseating even for the few seconds it took for me to see that nothing of value was being discussed.*
*I am sure that violates a lot of your comment policies, so you may want to delete those comments.*
In an email, J.W. wrote:
*Don’t you think you could be a little nicer with your messaging? You might get more readers if you weren’t calling people pussies all the time.*
I could give you more examples of this but I think you get the point.
There are several things a few of you need to understand...
**Item one**. While I’m a pretty nice guy in real life, here at this blog, and to some degree in [my books](http://www.alphamale20.net), I’m a total asshole.
I’m not “nice.” I am not “understanding.” I have zero “tact.” Fuck you.
I don’t do this because I’m mean or angry. Quite the opposite; I’m one of the happiest men I know. I do this on purpose for the reasons I’m about to explain. My blunt, “mean,” assholeish communication style is a *purposeful choice* that I’m utilizing *on purpose* and with great forethought. I’m not ever going to change this tone, regardless of your personal, fragile, beta male feelings on the matter. If you don’t like that, I don’t care.
Which brings me to my next point…[/vc_column_text][vc_row_inner][vc_column_inner width="3/4"][vc_column_text]**Item two.** I live [the Alpha Male 2.0 lifestyle](http://www.alphamalebook.com) which means I make far more money than I need to survive, and do so from multiple income sources that are extremely diversified. One could even argue that I don’t even need to work at all. Moreover, some of you would be very surprised at how much profit per month this blog, and all of its attached products and services actually make in income. And again, that’s just *one* source of income for me among several that have nothing to do with each other. If I lost this entire Blackdragon / Alpha Male 2.0 business, yeah, I’d be upset for a week or two, but my financial life would continue just fine.
This is a roundabout way of me saying that I don’t need you. Really. I don’t. If my blunt communication style is just too much for your fragile little baby ears, then here’s what you need to do:
1\. Stop reading *all* of my content. Unsubscribe from my blogs if necessary.
2\. Don’t *ever* buy any of my books or join any of my coaching or podcast programs or go to any of my seminars. I don't want customers like you. I also don't want people like you around my customers. Seriously. I want your little girl beta-snowflake feelings to be as far away from me and my real customers as humanly possible.
3\. Fuck off and never come back. This is not the place for you.
I’m not making a joke, I'm not trying to act cool, and I'm not trying to use some kind of reverse psychology. I’m completely serious. If you are the kind of pussy (yes, I said ***pussy***) that can’t handle tough talk in order to make your life better, then my friend, you are *really* in the wrong place. You should not listen to anything I say nor consume any of my content. You should instead go read more friendly, ass-kissing material that tells you it’s perfectly fine for you to be poor, or not get laid, or be unhealthy, or be unhappy, or stay in a shitty monogamous marriage or relationship, because hey man, it’s not your fault, there’s nothing you can do about it, so it’s all good.
Or perhaps go to the more political-based folks who tell you to not worry because everything will be fixed as long as you vote for Donald Trump or Bernie Sanders or some other Messiah-politician who will do everything you want and magically solve all of your problems for you.
But for fuck’s sake, don’t read my stuff. My stuff is based on reality so you’ll hate it.
**Item three.** Let’s say you know a guy who is 100 pounds overweight. You tell him, “Hey man, it’s okay. It’s hard to lose weight. It’s not your fault. You live in a society that pushes bad food on people and you have a slow metabolism. You can’t expect everyone who is fat to lose weight. So don’t worry man, you’re beautiful on the inside.”
If you say that to him, if that’s the attitude you take with him, **YOU ARE HURTING HIM. YOU ARE HARMING HIM**. You’re not being “nice.” You’re being a *fucking asshole* to this person. Yes, you. This guy is headed for some very severe health problems and lifestyle problems if he hasn’t experienced them already. He’ll be depressed and his obesity will kill him. And ***you*** will have been an indirect contributor to all of it by encouraging him to stay in such a horrible state. You will have helped sacrifice this person on the altar of “being nice” or "having understanding" or "being empathetic" or “having tact” or whatever other happy horseshit your left-wing college professor or single mother mom or bitchy ex-girlfriend filled your head with when you were younger.
Fuck empathy. That guy needs to lose weight.
See, unlike you, I actually care about and respect this guy. So when *I* talk to him, I say something like, “Dude! What the FUCK are you doing? 100 pounds overweight? Are you insane? Have you lost your fucking mind? You’re going to FUCKING DIE if you don’t lose weight. You’re going to be miserable! And good luck getting laid with hot chicks. Do you really hate yourself that much? Stop being a pussy, put that pizza down, and start losing weight! Yeah, I know it’s hard. Doesn’t matter. Do it anyway.”
Don’t get hung up on the weight example. Just imagine if I told guys, “Hey man, it’s okay that you’re 37 years old and you’ve never made more than $30,000 a year in your entire life. Money’s not that important. And rich people are assholes. And it takes too much work to make more than that. Just chill man, and be poor. It’s all good.”
Or if I said, “Hey man, it’s okay you haven’t had sex in eight months. Sex isn’t that important as long as you have friends and family who love you. You don’t want to be some kind of immature guy having sex all the time anyway.”
Or if I said, “Hey man, it’s okay that you’re in a miserable relationship with your overweight monogamous girlfriend / wife. Hey, at least you’re not single, am I right?”
What an evil, despicable thing I would be doing to these men, to help them rob them of their happiness like that.
I will never do such a thing. I’m here to *help* men, not be complicit in their continuing unhappiness.
Unlike you, I have respect for [the person that man really is](https://blackdragonblog.com/2018/05/28/youre-not-who-you-think-you-are/). You look at someone like that and see a sad, pathetic piece of shit. But I look at someone like that and see the great man that man really is, temporarily buried underneath years of pain and false Societal Programming. I want to help that man become who he really should be. You want to help him remain unhappy. Because you're a pussy and you suck.
**Item four.** As I’ve said over and over again for several years now, I’m not here to help everyone. I’m not even here to help all men. I’ve said, and I’ve been very clear about this for a very long time, that 90% of men can burn in hell for all I care. I’m only here to help that 10% of men who are either betas tired of being slaves or Alpha Male 1.0s tired of the work and drama.
That’s it. I’m not here to help anyone else. Everyone else can go fuck themselves. Yes, I really mean this. (I'm not *mad* at anyone; I'm too busy working on my Mission, having sex, and being happy. I'm just saying I don't give a shit about anyone else. Because I don't.
This means that if some men in that 90% don’t like my messaging and leave, that’s a *good* thing. That means I’m being efficient in helping only those 10% of men I want to help.
If you’re part of that 90%, please, for the love of god, go away. You’re wasting my time and yours. I’m trying to help the 10%, not you. You need to go back to jerking off to porn or bitching about politics on social media or whatever the hell it is you do. I'm trying to talk to the adults, and you're in my way.
If you’re in that 10%, I’m here to help you. Helping you is literally [part of my life Mission](https://blackdragonblog.com/2018/04/23/planning-out-your-life-2/) and the meaning of my life. One of the ways in which I’m going to help you is to very bluntly tell you what you’re doing wrong so that you’ll improve and be a happier man in the long run. Since you’re in the 10%, I know you can handle that, because I have respect for you and your strength. The guys in the 90% can’t handle it. But who cares? They’re not my problem. Thank god.
**Item five.** If my goal is to help the 10% of men who actually want and need that kind of help, I need to communicate with them in a way that is most likely for them to actually take corrective action in their lives. This means I have to be blunt, fact-based, and in their faces. If instead I meekly suggest some changes, I won’t be doing my job.
*Could you imagine* if I went on this blog and said something like, “Okay guys, traditional monogamous marriage doesn’t work. Look at these ten billion stats over here. You’ll just end up cheating and/or getting divorced, losing assloads of money via alimony and communal property, and wind up in child custody court paying blood-sucking attorneys thousands of dollars just to see your own kids. It’s going to seriously screw up your future, so you shouldn’t do this and instead do [MLTR](https://blackdragonblog.com/glossary/#MLTR)s, [OLTR](https://blackdragonblog.com/glossary/#OLTR) or [OLTR marriage](https://blackdragonblog.com/glossary/#OLTR_marriage) instead. BUUUUUUUT, if you really want to give traditional monogamous marriage a shot, hey, I understand, that’s cool. I don’t want to judge anyone! I respect your decision. Maybe you will be happier doing that. Maybe you really will find a woman who will stick with you and give you blowjobs for the rest of your life without any complaints and will never divorce you. I mean, *sometimes* traditional monogamous marriages work out for the best, so who am I to say it doesn’t work? We all find happiness in our own way, and maybe you’ll be happiest doing that. And Jesus and Christianity and white people and Western Culture and all that stuff. Hey man, no worries, go for it."
**PUKE.** I could barely type the words in that last paragraph. Damn. (Don't make me do that again
Now be honest: Do you seriously think if my messaging was like that, many men change their behaviors? OF COURSE NOT. Once again, by being “nice” or having “tact” I would be failing in my Mission, my Mission to help you, the 10%.
I don’t do what’s nice here. I do what’s effective. Effectiveness is what I’m all about; it encapsulates every aspect of my life. That’s why I’m so happy. That’s why I want you to be happy.
At this blog, and in much of my other content, I will *never* be nice. I will *never* use tact. If you’re in the 90%, I don’t care if you don’t like it and you *seriously* need to fuck off. If you’re in the 10%, I respect you too much to be nice to you. I see the man you could be; the man you really are.
I’m here to help you become that man.

> 想要超过 35 个小时的如何改善你的女性生活和财务生活的播客吗？想每月和我一起做两次教练吗？想要获得数小时基于技术的视频和音频？ [SMIC 计划](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)是一个月度播客和教练计划，只要你注册，你就可以获得大量独家、仅限会员的 Alpha 2.0 内容，并且你可以随时取消。点击[此处](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)了解详情。