# 为什么特朗普实际上可能赢得连任，尽管每个人都讨厌他

> 原文：<https://alphamale20.com/2018/07/15/why-trump-may-win-re-election-even-though-everyone-hates-him/>

I have said that America is a left-wing country and continues to move left, even after the election of Tantrum Trump in 2016, and I’m right. If you don’t believe that, read this article [here](https://calebjonesblog.com/the-usa-is-a-left-wing-country/) so you can see the data for yourself.
I have also said that Tantrum Trump winning the election in 2016 did not, in any way, represent some kind of conservative revolution or “return to the right,” and I’m right. If you don’t believe that, read this article [here](https://calebjonesblog.com/evidence-no-conservative-revolution/) so you can see the data for yourself. You know, the data about how Trump barely won the election over the Lizard Queen, the worst presidential candidate in my lifetime, by just *one and a half percent in four states*.
I have also said that the biggest problem with Trump is not Trump, but the left-wing blowback reaction Americans will have *after* Trump. After Trump (and perhaps even during Trump), you will start to see openly admitted socialists elected to high office, perhaps even the Presidency. The left-wing decline of the USA will not only continue, but accelerate. And I will be right. Just watch.
Despite all of that, Trump may actually win re-election in 2020.
Wait. Huh? How does that make any sense?
I shall explain.
**Reason 1: The Electoral College**
Here’s something to wrap your brain around. Trump won the election by getting 302 electoral votes. Sounds like a lot... but only 21% of American adults voted for Trump(!).
Only 21%? Yep. Look at the data and do the math. Only about [26% of eligible voters voted for Trump](https://mises.org/wire/26-percent-eligible-voters-voted-trump) and only [about 79% of American adults are registered to vote](http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/issue-briefs/2017/06/why-are-millions-of-citizens-not-registered-to-vote). That means 20.54%, or 21% if you round it.
Moreover, [17% of people who voted for Trump said he wasn’t qualified](https://www.cnn.com/election/2016/results/exit-polls/national/president). (Isn’t that fucking amazing? Almost one-fifth of the people who voted for Trump didn’t think he was qualified to be president! This is the kind of insane things the population will do in a collapsing society. Expect more of this asinine stuff as we go forward.)
**This means only 17% of the population voted for Trump and actually wanted him to be president.** Our electoral system is so screwed up, and our corrupt, two-party political system is so non-democratic, this is exactly how someone as embarrassing and universally despised as Donald Trump can be elected as president.
As a side note, I am not commenting on the electoral college specifically. I have no opinion for or against the electoral college, since [I’m against democracy](https://calebjonesblog.com/freedom-or-democracy-choose-one/) because I prefer freedom. Asking me whether or not I’m for the electoral college is like asking me if I prefer to be stabbed with a stiletto or a switchblade. I’m just saying that our current electoral system does not determine winners based on popularity or how well they are liked. Thus, the 2016 presidential election, where two of the most hated people in America ran against each other and one of them *barely* won.
**Reason 2: The Democrats Have Become Hopelessly Retarded**
I’m not saying left-wingers or liberals have become retarded. I’m saying *Democrats*, as in the American Democratic Party, has become retarded.
The Democrat campaign of Hillary Clinton in 2016 was the biggest cluster-fuck I’ve ever seen in American politics in my entire life, and that’s saying a lot. Democrats did literally, and I mean literally everything wrong. Where they campaigned, what they said, the messaging, the logos, the horrible response to Trump, Hillary’s horribly unlikeable personality, Hillary’s blatantly criminal activity, where they did and did not spend money, not to mention the anti-Bernie Sanders corruption at the DNC… it was one huge fuck-up after the next. They couldn’t do anything right.
After the election, you would think the Democrats would be horrified into getting their act together, but amazingly, that hasn’t happened. Two years later they have remained just as stupid and tone-deaf as they were in 2016\. It seems their entire message seems to be *“Russia Russia Russia Trump Is Bad!”* This message, if they keep it, will virtually ensure they will lose the next presidential election. It’s not a winning message, and the fact they haven’t figured this out is comical to say the least.
The incompetence of the Democrats is simply stunning despite the fact that most of the country agrees with them and not the Republicans. It’s the most hilarious thing I’ve ever seen; the left-wingers may actually lose the next presidential election even though most Americans are left-wing, simply because the chosen representatives of the left-wingers, the ridiculously incompetent Democratic Party, can’t, or perhaps won’t, get their shit together.
**Reason 3: The Left-Wing Civil War**
Three years ago, I wrote an article about the [Coming Left-Wing Civil War](https://calebjonesblog.com/the-coming-left-wing-civil-war/) about a conflict between the American left-wing and itself.
Well, I was right, and now it’s officially here. The left has now split into two factions that full-on hate each other and are spending energy attacking each other rather than Tantrum Trump, their mutual enemy.
On one side are the left-wing corporatists, often called the neo-liberals, represented by people like Obama, the Lizard Queen, Nancy Pelosi, and Chuck Schumer. These are the corrupt, evil, pro-war, pro-bank, pro-Wall-Street corporatists that *lean* left in *some* of their social policies and rhetoric. Instead of “health care for all” they enact corporatist versions of these things like Obamacare. They are the ones currently in power and have most of the money, as well as the backing of the elites.
On the other side are the progressives, represented by people like Bernie Sanders, The Young Turks (and other prominent internet left-wingers), and Alexandria Ocasio Cortez. These people are full-on, Western-European-style socialists. They live in a Disney fantasyland where if everyone had free college, free health care, free housing if needed, and a $20 (or whatever) per hour minimum wage, everything would work out great, completely regardless of [America’s skyrocketing debt](https://calebjonesblog.com/national-debt-is-now-21-trillion/) and so on.
It’s entirely possible that this civil war will last well into the 2020 presidential election, meaning that Tantrum Trump would be up against two factions wasting their time warring with each other instead of posing a united front. Mix this with the fucked-up electoral system, this means he could win with minimal problems.
So you heard it from me here, in July of 2018: If he’s not removed from office before then (or leaves), which I still think that has [a 25% chance of occurring](https://calebjonesblog.com/laying-odds-trump-impeachment/), it’s quite possible that Trump could get re-elected in 2020 despite the fact that everyone hates him and that the USA is still moving to the political left. If he does win in 2020, you’ll see the usual delusional conservatives screaming about how America is moving “back to the right” or about how awesome Trump is, when neither will be the case. We just have a really screwed-up electoral system and the left-wing in America doesn’t know what the hell they’re doing.
Amercia's decline has become as entertaining as hell. I had no idea shit would get this crazy this fast... and it's only just getting started.
Enjoy the decline!

> 想要超过 35 个小时的如何改善你的女性生活和财务生活的播客吗？想每月和我一起做两次教练吗？想要获得数小时基于技术的视频和音频？ [SMIC 计划](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)是一个月度播客和教练计划，只要你注册，你就可以获得大量独家、仅限会员的 Alpha 2.0 内容，并且你可以随时取消。点击[此处](https://alphamale20.kartra.com/page/vIL17)了解详情。