# 09、女神养成系列：女神养成系列课 全集：01-99：97. 7天减肥餐计划，吃的对，自然瘦（完结）：第01课：食物原理法：减肥第一步，学会估算食物的热量.更多精品免费课程请加微信：kc58567...

🎼大家好，我是陈玉。今天的主题是什么是素食主义？De it means that you're not eating any animal products。

 so it's mostly whole food。🎼ラ of。Fruit， nuts seeds， grains。

And there's actually a lot that you can choose。Even if you're eliminating animal products。

 what I found when I started eating more vegetables is that I。Had more freedom and more creativity。

When you have a light restriction， then it forces you。Think outside of the box。

I think more creatively。So typically people think like vegetarian and vegan。Is either。

Related to Buddhism。It's religious。It's very traditional kind of diet。

 but the kind of lifestyle that I would like to。More modern。It's young， it's trendy， a lot of。

Our generation is 32。🎼Eat this way， because it's。everybodybody understands that it's really good for。

Health is good for the environment。And it。Just the best way to live a really high quality like that。

Right now， internationally eating a plant based lifestyle is becoming more and more popular and more trendy。

 a lot of celebrities like Beyonce。Day， they both very。

 very publicly went Degan and encouraged all of their fans to also become。

🎼Begin and try eating the lifestyle for a little bit， and it's becoming really popular because。

🎼Young people really understand that。🎼The quality of life actually comes。ので。

And so we're starting to realize that。You knowMaybe if you go out and party。

 you'll have fun for one night but you're going to feel kind of miserable the day after but when you're actually eating healthy and living a good lifestyle。

 then you'll be just happy all the time and so a lot of young people are recognizing that。🎼And also。

 these days， we are more aware and we're more concerned about the。

And so one of the least known facts about。🎼Stainability is that actually meets。

🎼Production is the number one contributor to。🎼Climate change。The number one。🎼So of greenhouse gas。

And it causes a lot of pollution。🎼It takes a lot of resources， with a lot of land。

 water and energy to produce。Just one pound of beef。And。Especially with such a growing population。

 the world is approaching 8 billion people soon。That's a lot of people。

In order to be able to produce enough food， we're going to have to start eating less meat because。

It takes less resources to produce。Planned。🎼So if we're using those resources， then we can。

More and especially the size of farmland and the amount of energy。🎼All of the。

Effort put into growing food， as well。So two years ago when I first came to China。

 I could see that people were really， really interested in eating healthy and living better。

 but that there actually wasn't a lot of education around how to cook healthy or how to eat。

What to eat， you know what kind of nutrition was in this kind of。

🎼And so I feel that I wanted to help and to help teach people。🎼How to cook。

 how to make it really delicious， I also felt that there。🎼Wasn't a lot。🎼Otion。🎼The market。

 so not a lot of healthy restaurants that were also still really good。

 There wasn't a lot of food products。You drink。🎼Or takeaway。🎼That made it easy to eat healthy。

🎼And so。Those are the kind of issues that I want to。🎼ry to help solve。🎼By providing。

🎼Much more convenient or。Affordable and accessible。🎼是。🎼That is。🎼呃，尤是。Healthy。

So when you're eating a plant based diet， it's much easier to lose weight because， first of all。

 vegetables and plant based foods are。🎼Higher in water and fiber。And so then it helps you。Feel full。

 faster and longer。🎼So then you don't need to eat as much to feel full meatat is also really high in calories and cholesterol and fat and so。

🎼You're eating a lot more that will make you gain weight faster。 a serving of steak， for example。

 has almost 300 calories。25 grams of protein and it also comes with 20 grams of fat。

 a serving of tofu。🎼Have half of the calories，20 G of proteins， one third of the fat。

 So you're still getting。Just as much nutrition， but you don't have to get as much fat and calorie so that way。

really easy then to start to lose。🎼So there's a lot of diets out there from low card， keto or。

🎼High protein， high fat。🎼A lot of these diets， they're maybe you might lose weight， but actually。

 they're quite dangerous for your body。 A plant based diet is the。

Most healthy longters that a lot of the other ones like the keto diet is actually really unhealthy for you。

 it might work in the short term like you might actually lose weight and it might work but it's not going to be healthy in the long run and you can't maintain it。

A lot of people who try these kinds of diets say maybe they lose the weight。

 but then they gain it back right away and so a lot of the weight that's lost，🎼You know。

 maybe it's water or it's not actually fat。 And so it comes back really quickly。

A lot of problems with the kto diet， you're eating high fat and low carb so that means。You know。

 a lot of people are eating like steak and butter and like a lot of these like very high fat animal food。

It's actually going to still raise your cholesterol， cause problems for your kidneys。

Going to raise your risk of cancer and heart disease。

 I would probably rather be a little bit chubby than to have cancer。

So I think that a lot of people don't think about all of。You know，The possible long term effects。

Theyre trying these diets， and maybe they don't know because the people who are promoting these kinds of diets。

 they tend to focus only on。The benefits of the diet and they don't talk about all of the risks that are associated。

 but it's important if you are trying one of these diets to be fully educated so make sure you do your homework。

 make sure you do your research about you know all the possible benefits but also all of the possible negative effects so that you are the most informed and you're the most knowledgeable because you know you only have one body in your whole life。

 you only have one， you don't get to。🎼You know have a round two you know if you mess this one up then oh I get to have another one and I can try again。

 it doesn't work like that， you only get one so you have to take care of it and it's going to be with you for a long time I know a lot of people say oh life is short so I'm going to have some fun I'm going to enjoy it but actually life is quite long。

You're going to find out that maybe。We're unhealthy before it's going to have an effect on you later in life。

If you're young then now is the time that you should be making the decisions and having the right lifestyle so that know when you're older you'll still be really happy。

 you'll still have a lot of energy you know when I'm 60 I still want to be able to you know ride my bike or run or dance and have a lot of energy I don't want to be you know sitting in bed with。

You know， unable to move or。🎼To too weak or two。Too unhealthy to do anything。

It's about being smart about your decisions and making choices for a long term benefit。

 not just for a short term benefit。