# 09、女神养成系列：女神养成系列课 全集：01-99：97. 7天减肥餐计划，吃的对，自然瘦（完结）：第02课：科学选材法：哪些食物吃多也不会变胖？更多精品免费课程请加微信：kc58567....

🎼大家好，我是陈瑞玉。今天的主题是素食主义，让你美得更健康。So following a plant based diet will change the way that you look and especially when you combine it with exercise。

 then it's going to tone your body， it's going to slim you down and get rid of any like loose jiggles or extra fat anywhere in your body。

For me personally， I enjoy Moi Thai and yoga and cycling。

The great thing about eating plant based as well is that you recover faster。

If you are experienced in fitness then you understand that recovery is one of the most important parts of getting stronger。

 so you know the sooner that your muscles recover after you you worked them out。

 then the faster then you can start to work again and continue to build your muscle。

🎼So a lot of athletes， a lot of the top， like Olympic athletes and NBA players， MMA fighters。

 they're all starting to take a。Plant based diet and realize that it's actually giving them much better performance。

 they're stronger， they're faster， they feel like they have more energy。

This is a recent development where they're finally understanding this。

 but previously a lot of people just didn't understand that。

So eating plants will also give you better skin， so it's going to make it cleaner so that you're not breaking out with acne and it'll make it less oily。

 it'll make it like softer as well because。You know eating a lot of vegetables and fruits means that you're actually hydrating yourself。

 you're eating water literally so instead of drinking your water。

 you're eating your water like you know a cucumber or a watermelon they have you know they're mostly water right but you're eating them in an edible form instead of a beverage form and that combined with a lot of the vitamins and the minerals that you can find。

These all help make your skin nicer vitamintamin E is really key for good skin because it helps with a blood circulation and it's also an anti so that means it's fighting all these free radicals that will damage your skin and make you age faster antioxidants also protect against wrinkles and they just make your skin。

Stay young。So you can find vitamin E in nutss and seeds and the dark green leafy vegetables like spinach or broccoli。

Another major component of a healthy diet is fiber。

There's plenty of fiber in vegetables and nuts and seeds， but you don't find any fiber in。

You need fiber to help your body digest and also you move things out of your system。

 so it's good to keep your body clean and helps see your body。🎼Remove all of the waste。

 So without fiber， then things kind of get stuck inside。 And so that's kind of a problem like if you。

Have constipation or if you you know feel bloated a lot。

 then it might be an issue of not eating enough fiber because your body doesn't have anything that can help push something out so a lot of people think that if you eat meat and it'll like pump up your skin and make it look nicer but you know maybe that's true because you're a little bit chubbier but that's a different kind of effect than when you're actually providing the right nutrients and the right hydration and the fiber for your skin where it's just a natural pump not like a。

AFat that you， if you ever lost that fat， then underneath it would still be more of a broken kind of skin but when a truly healthy skin comes from。

Drinking enough water， having a healthy fat。Plenty of vitamins and minerals and fiber。

So you are what you eat， which means that the food that you digest。what your body becomes。

Since your mind is part of your body， then that means that what you eat also affects your mind。

Different foods will have a different effect， there's been studies that have shown that eating a lot of meat causes an increase in testosterone。

 which means that you're also going to be more aggressive。There's been also studies in a。

A public school system in New York where the whole school went vegetarian and then all of a sudden the kids。

🎼Stoppped having focusing problems。 They stopped having， you know， attention problems。

 They stopped being too hyperactive。 They stopped you know。

 getting into a lot of fights and misbehaving。 And it's really interesting that you know。

 actually what you eat can have such a big effect。 but it's true and。

None of these outcomes were very surprising to me because it makes a lot of sense。

And the food that you eat can make you feel calmer， it can help you with your stress。It can help you。

Fleep better。You know， ultimately make you happier。So for me， when I was recovering from my anorexia。

 being vegan really helped me because it helped me。Have a positive attitude about the food。

 but also know it helped restore my hormone balance。

The disorder anorexia is caused a lot by not having enough serotonin。

So serotonin is an important hormone that really is responsible for feeling happy and so as soon as I started actually eating healthy again。

 then I was able to start feeling happier again。So for me personally。

 when I'm feeling really stressed and I'm working really hard in the kitchen。

 I feel like I usually crave something like peanut butter or tahini where it has a lot of high protein and also some fat so that it gives me the energy that I need。

If I'm feeling sick， then I usually crave like fruit because that usually has a lot of vitamin C and antioxidant。

 so that will help fight off the sickness。So your body， if you're listening to it properly。

 it'll tell you what it wants a lot of people think that peanut butter is the wrong thing to eat if you're trying to lose weight but actually like I mentioned before。

 when you're eating something that has high protein and good fat。

 then it'll help you stay full longer。Staying full is what's key to making sure that you're not eating too much。

So you don't want to restrict yourself to just low calorie food because if you're only eating low calorie。

 then maybe you'll be too hungry and then you're not going to either either you're going to quit the diet because it's just too much and you can't handle it that you shouldn't have to feel like you're sacrificing anything because yeah this is a long-term diet so it means that this is something you have to do you know your whole life and so you don't want to have to never eat ice cream again or never eat dessert。

 never enjoy yourself。Have like delicious rich food so you know actually there's ways to make an ice cream with like just pure bananas or you make it with peanut butter。

 you make it with cashews and coconut milk so these are ways that you can enjoy what you're eating and make it still really delicious but then it's a much healthier version than if it was used。

Then if it was made using milk or。🎼Or a lot of butter。

