# 09、女神养成系列：女神养成系列课 全集：01-99：97. 7天减肥餐计划，吃的对，自然瘦（完结）：第04课：习惯养成法：4大饮食习惯，瘦身同时美气色总结重点资料..

🎼大家好，我是陈如玉。今天的具体是。🎼关于素食主义。🎼你必须知道的警报去。So if you're going to try to follow a plant based diet I want to make sure that you succeed so there's usually some common ways that people will fail and then quit and so you know the number one reason is that people feel too hungry all the time so that just means that you're not eating enough。

You know， if you're switching from eating a lot of meat and eating you know higher calories and higher fat。

 then all of a sudden if you're switching to eating lower calories。

 then you are going to feel hungry because it's a pretty big difference so you do have the ability to eat more。

That's the difference that people don't realize that the volume that you eat can increase。

 so you know this much meat。A little piece of meat versus this many vegetables is the same amount of calories and so you know once you're starting to eat a plant-based diet then you realize that you can eat more bigger quantities and that's what people don't understand and so then they get too hungry and then they blame it on you know oh I didn't have meat that's why I'm hungry but actually it's because oh you didn't eat enough and that's why you're hungry。

So for example you can eat as much of you know the leafy greens or celery or any of the highwater content vegetables like you have wintermelon or cucumber or zucchini。

 all of these that have very low calorie but high in fiber and high in water then that'll keep you full and you can just eat as much as you want。

 you know cabbage and cauliflower， they're also quite filling。Because of the fiber content。

 but it's very low calorie and so then if you feel very hungry all the time。

 then you can eat as much of these kind of things as you want。But also。Like I mentioned before。

 if you're feeling too hungry， then you can eat。Some nuts or seeds that will help you get full and just a little bit will you know not make you gain too much weight and because it's you know even though it's high calorie it's going to。

Make you more full and satisfied for longer and that will prevent you from eating too much。

The second problem is that people feel like there's not enough nutrition。Then they feel like， oh。

 maybe they're feeling weak or they're too tired， but also， yeah。

 that's probably due to not eating enough protein。So protein is and everything。

 so even strawberries have protein or。Potatoes have protein even just a little bit。So。

 but some plant based foods have more than others and some actually have more than meat。

There's also a concern that you won't get vitamins and minerals but actually there's plenty of you know iron and vitamin C。

 vitamin D in plantbased foods， you just have to make sure that you're eating a good variety so don't stick to just one thing and eat it all the time but you have to eat you know many different kinds of foods and that's what you want to do anyway that's more interesting。

Onmb byside is really good for everybody， but especially for。

Middle aged people and also younger people。In middle ageged people。

 they've probably maybe they've had not so bit of a lifestyle in the past and they're already starting to feel some health problems。

 maybe their cholesterol is high， maybe theyre prediabetes or maybe they have diabetes a lot of the causes are from food。

So。Cancer， like certain kinds are like stomach cancer is caused directly by。

Preservatives that are found in very。You know， the preserved kind of meet。Like sausage。The nitrates。

And so eating that base then helps you。Make sure that you're getting all the antioxidants and those are very healthy for you because they're fighting。

All of these things that are coming in and harming your body。

And you want to make sure that you're getting the fresh ingredients that have vitamins like vitamin A。

 vitamin C， and those also help with your immune system eating plant base is much better for your heart and you eating too much meat has been shown to have a shorter lifespan when people look at the comparison between people who eat vegetarian and people who eat meat。

So another mistake that people make is trying to change too much and too fast so like I said before eating is such a habit that we've you know accumulated over our entire lives so it's really hard to change really fast so the best strategy I think is to take it slow so you know for me personally when I became vegetarian I first I just cut out beef that was the first thing and I think beef is the one that is you know the most impactful it's like the you know the least healthy for you it has the highest fat and it has the you know the biggest impact on the environment as well so it takes a lot of resources to produce beef so if you're concerned about sustainability issues as well beef is the number one。

You know problem and then after that then I removed pork and then I removed chicken。

And then it was fish and then eggs and then dairy， and then finally then I was vegan。

It's kind of a process so you can think of it like。You know。

 taking step by step and that way it's a little bit easier for you to feel like it's a change that you can keep。

 That's the most important thing is that you。Stay。This way， and you keep。

Consistent to the plant based diet， so it doesn't matter how fast you go as long as you。

Keep the longterm goal of eating healthier for a lot of people they feel like they can't give up animal products completely so they focus only on eating seafood like you then they become presbytarian or you know some people think that just being vegetarian is okay so they still eat eggs and dairy and so that still provides a lot of the protein from those animal products if you still feel that you need some sort of animal kind of protein。

But you know， there is still plenty of nutrition and protein in the vegan diet， but it' just about。

 you know， if you feel that it's the most suitable for you and if you feel comfortable and happy doing it。

So the most important thing is that you don't feel guilty when you eat something bad and you don't have a negative attitude about food。

Because food should be viewed as something that is very special。

 it's something that you know it literally gives us life。

You foodoo is the thing that gives us energy。 food is what makes us alive。

 and so you should treat it as something that is really， really special and that means that。

You know technically nothing is that bad for you， you know it's okay to eat some meat sometimes it's okay to eat fried food sometimes it's okay to eat processed food sometimes as long as your overall diet is pretty healthy and so that's the message that I want to make sure everybody understands is that you know plant-based diet can mean that you just eat a lot of vegetables maybe you know 90% is plant-based。

 but then 10% is you still eat a little bit of meat or still eat a little bit of eggs or dairy and you know it's an interesting thing that you know what you eat determines who you are but also your mind you know determines what you eat so if you're stressed that's going to cause you to eat you know usually more of the unhealthy kind of foods we crave sugar。

 we crave like fat greasy foods。So it's important to try to like stop that cycle because it can become。

 you know if you're stressed， then you eat these bad foods and then these bad foods make you stressed and then you're stressed and then you eat these bad foods so it becomes a cycle so it's difficult sometimes to break it so that's why this seven day course is a good way to try it you know if you try it at least for seven days。

and see how it goes and if you commit to that， at least trying it for seven days。

 then that gives you a chance to try to break。Break the cycle。

