# 09、女神养成系列：女神养成系列课 全集：01-99：97. 7天减肥餐计划，吃的对，自然瘦（完结）：第05课：自制美食法：每天10分钟手作美食，美味不重样总结重点资料..

大家好，我是陈如玉。今天的具体是让1600到素食不重样的秘诀。So as a chef， I've created over 1600 different dishes and so that requires a lot of creativity but it's a lot of fun。

 so I'm going to tell you my secrets to how to create really delicious and interesting new dishes。

 So there's different components to creating a dish， so there's taste， there's texture， presentation。

 how it looks， and temperature。😊，So you can play around with each of these components when you learn you know what the fundamentals are。

 so the basics of taste， there's five different flavors or some would argue six， theres。Salty， sweet。

 bitter， sour， there's spicy and umami。🎼So the key is to have a balance and a play of all these different kind of flavors。

 So sometimes you want sweet and sour， sometimes you want maybe a little bit more bitter。

 sometimes you want you know a little bit less salty， but a little bit more umami so。The balance。

 and the。🎼The contrast， the comparison of each of these components is what makes a dish more interesting。

 And so once you learn like， oh， you know this dish it needs more sweetness and this dish it needs more sourness。

 then you can learn like exactly what it takes to create a really interesting flavor and an interesting dish。

 So sometimes even in one dish you have different flavors that are separate。

 So like maybe you have the main component is is cucumber。 So cucumber is a little bit sweet。

 but it's not very salty， it's quite refreshing。 But then if you add a sour sauce。

 And then if you have another sauce that's sweet， So then you have a sweet and a sour those are two contrasting flavors and then you put them together with the slightly sweet cucumber。

😊，Then that's something that's a little bit more interesting than if you just had one single flavor。

 if it was only sweet or if it was only sour。🎼Then the next thing you can play with is texture so the same kind of idea。

 there's a creamy， there's crunchy， crispy， there's chewy。

 there's like the Qq which is like like the bouncy elastic kind of texture so the QQ texture is maybe one of the most fun textures because it's a little bit like bouncy and elastic。

You find it in Boba or。🎼The Tang Yuuan and dumplings， but。

I like to also play around with the contrast and the different textures so sometimes you want to have only one texture but sometimes you want to mix textures and that makes it a little bit more interesting so for example then maybe you have a dish that's really creamy maybe it's maybe ice cream so you have ice cream and then what if you add something crispy like like fried rice and so the rice is crispy and then if you put that on top then when you eat it then it's contrast with the creamy then you can add。

Maybe you want to add a boba there too so then you have the Qq。

 you have the creamy and then the crispy and then inside your mouth then it's a little bit more fun and interesting to eat versus if you were just eating ice cream and it was just creamy you know that's good and it tastes good but I always like to think that it's a little bit more interesting and more fun if there's a little bit more happening inside your mouth at the same time。

As a chef it's really fun for me to play with all of these different components because then it means that there's an infinite number of kind of combinations so you know I can very easily make many different kinds of dishes。

 just using these kind of principles where you know just thinking about the flavor and then thinking about the texture and then the many different ways you can play with those then all of a sudden you have a lot of different possibilities and combinations。

Temperature also has a big impact on flavor so when a dish is cold sometimes you can't taste the flavor as much as if it was hot so if you keep this in mind。

 maybe first you were cooking a soup and you had to boil it but then it's actually supposed to be served chilled it's going to lose some of the taste as it chills so maybe sometimes you have to add a little bit extra seasoning where it may taste a little too much flavor when it's hot and then。

When it's chilled， then it'll taste normal。嗯。It the same principle for if you make like downkey。

or like some other dish that could be served cold or hot For example。

 I make a lotus salad dish and so when you're cooking the lotus it's going to become soft but then when it cools down then it's going to become even crispier than it was when it was hot so you have to think about that when you're creating the dish is it going to be served hot or is it going to be served cold and then how much should I cook it because if you're going to serve it cold then you might have to cook it a little bit longer than you would if you're going to serve it hot so that it's the right texture。

So I had a teacher in culinary school that always taught like sauce is the number one part of making delicious food and you know it's quite true because you can take you know anything and then add a little bit of sauce to it and it can be boring but then all of a sudden it has a lot of flavor just because of you you adding sauce salt is one of the most important parts of cooking because that's what really brings out the flavor you know sometimes if you've noticed if you have just a plain dish that has no salt like maybe dough you'll notice that you can't really taste any flavors of the rice there's like a natural sweetness and a natural flavor in rice that when you add salt then all of a sudden it draws it out and so that's why salt is so key to cooking because it really helps you taste all the flavors。

The flavors that are naturally present in you know vegetables and even in dessert so a lot of people might think oh it's a little bit weird if you add salt to your dessert so for example a lot of the Chinese pastries。

 the flaky the crust will have a little bit of salt in it and so when you compare that to a sweet filling then it enhances that flavor of the filling so I definitely encourage you to try this at home where you have something that's sweet but there's no salt in it and then you add a little bit of salt and then you know taste the flavor and see what differences you notice over the years and I always make sure to note what flavors I am tasting you know how salty it is。

 how sweet it is， how bitter。And then notice like， you know， as I'm cooking too。

 what happens if I add a little bit more of sour flavor。

 what happens if I add a little bit more lemon juice or a little bit more vinegar。

 and then you know just a little bit by little bit how the flavor changes。

So at this point I've you know eaten so much food and become so experienced with tasting that I can taste flavors in my head and so I can imagine something and I can know how it will taste just in my head without actually making it so that at this point I can create a dish without even trying it first without even making it first and I don't know how it will taste so you know maybe if you develop your palelleate enough someday you'll be also able to do that。

🎼So for those of you who are just starting out， it might be a little bit intimidating。

 but I would encourage you maybe to start with something very simple， like fried rice。

 So fried rice can be very simple。 It can just be， you know， plain fried rice， but。😊。

There's also infinite number of possibilities so you can add， you know。

All these different kinds of ingredients to it。 you can add many different kinds of spices。

 many different kinds of sauces。 So for example， we can make one with you know oyster mushroom with a basil sauce and chive and then also add some。

Maybe you can add some tofu ricotta。And then， you know， that is already in， you know。

 an interesting one dish。 Then， you know， maybe another dish you can do。🎼Rice。

 that's actually sticky rice。 and then maybe you can add some alcohol like rum， then you can add。

Maybe you want to add like some celery or some carrots and some sweet potato and then so there you have a soft texture from the rice。

 you have a crunchy texture from the celery then you have a also like a soft and。

More fluffy kind of texture from the soup potato。 So again。

 then you're playing with textures and then you're making some， you know， a typical fried rice。

 that's a little bit more interesting。