# 09、女神养成系列：女神养成系列课 全集：01-99：97. 7天减肥餐计划，吃的对，自然瘦（完结）：第03课：避开误区法：3大食物陷阱让你减肥失败.更多精品免费课程请加微信：kc58567...

🎼大家好，我是陈瑞玉。今天的主题是。🎼哪些食物乱吃也会胖。Even when you're eating a plant ice diet。

 it's totally possible to overeat on the wrong food。Everything is still about balance and moderation。

 so it doesn't change even if you're eating。So， you know， some of the foods like you know。

 Frenchch fries or chips。🎼Too many noodles or。🎼Sugar， a lot of candy。

 Those things are all technically。🎼They're all technically fan based， but。

🎼re actually still not that good for you。You still have to watch out for eating too many fried foods or a processed food。

And try to stay away from things that are packaged。You want to try to eat foods that are。

You know a whole， so it's like a whole vegetable or a whole fruit。🎼Whole grain。

The foods that you cook yourself instead of foods that are made in a factory。

So all vegetables are low in calorie and high in water content so eating a lot of vegetables is automatically going to help you lose weight but certain ones are especially good such as celery or wintermelon these ones have such high water content that you're mostly just eating water and so it actually takes more energy for your body to digest it than they actually provide and so that's what helps your body than。

Useho weight faster。There's also certain vegetables that are higher in calories such as。

Potatoes or soup potato corn。Certain avocado， they either have higher carbs or higher sugar or higher fat。

そ談で。still good for you， but if you're trying to lose weight， those are the more high calorie foods。

 so maybe you want to eat less of those kinds。You're trying to lose weight。

So I mentioned that you shouldn't eat too many processed foods because these are foods that have been。

So far removed from their original natural state。🎼They。🎼Through the factory。

 they've added a lot of chemicals， like a lot of preservatives。Maybe they've been fried。

There's like a lot more fat through the oil that they've been frightened， and so it's not even。

The same thing anymore so you might not think that there's a huge difference between a fresh noodle and theseve instant noodles。

 they've been fried so there's extra fat sodium， added preservatives and a recent study has found that the preservatives themselves。

🎼Cause weight gain。 So what happens is they disrupt the hormones that tell you when you're full， so。

🎼That means that。Without these signals to tell you that you're full。

 you're just going to keep eating and so that's what causes overeating and these are all the preservatives that are in process。

Really， the best thing that you should be doing is eating fresh。If you can't make it yourself。

 then at least going to a restaurant where you trust how they're cooking。But of course， the best is。

My best advice is that you should always be a moderate。In your lifestyle。Because。

It's supposed to be for the long term effect。 and so if you're too restrictive。

 usually it doesn't last a long time because you will give up。And so。

You feel like that you need to have。Fresh fries are you really want it。

 then it's okay occasionally as long as in general your diet is pretty healthy。

 then you can have a little bit here。You don't need to feel guilty because overall your diet is still really good。

But if overall your diet is bad and you're still eating chips， then that's when it's a problem。

So if you do still want to eat the high carb or high fat kind of food。

🎼It's better to eat them early in the day。 So like for breakfast or for lunch and avoid eating them for dinner or late at night。

 because that's when your body isn't really digesting anymore and your metabolism is slowing down for when you're sleeping instead of。

 you know when you eat it in the morning， then your body is using that energy during the daytime。

 So for dinner， I would usually recommend something that's lower calorie。

 like either a salad or you can surface some vegetables。😊，🎼Just anything that。

Still filling like you don't want to feel hungry， but。It's still a low calorie so that your body。

🎼Doesn't have to digest too much when you're sleeping， because that's when。

Personally I experienced when I was opening my last restaurant in New York。

I didn't eat all day because I was too busy working。

 but then I ate like a decent sized meal not like too much， but I ate at 2amm。

And all of a sudden I gained like 10 pounds and I did understand why and it was because I was eating so late so my body didn't have any time to digest。

I was just sleeping and so I wasn't using the energy and so it just became fat instead。

 but it wasn't like I ate a lot， it was only one meal and it was a normal size meal。

But the fact was that I just ate at 2 AM。🎼And so。🎼I realized that。🎼It's actually。🎼You know。

 quite important。People don't realize that it's not just about what you eat。

 but it's what time you eat too。YouYou can eat these foods a couple times a week or a little bit here。

But I would say that actually the more harmful thing is to have a bad attitude about food。

 you don't want to feel guilty about eating anything。So if you feel like you want to have it。

 then go ahead and have it。But just try not to feel like you did a really bad thing because。

Also when people feel guilty then they feel like quitting and they feel like， oh， it's not working。

 I'm failing， but it's okay because you know， just a little bit here and there is okay。

You have to have a healthy sort of attitude about it and that's what's most important。

