# 09、女神养成系列：女神养成系列课 全集：01-99：97. 7天减肥餐计划，吃的对，自然瘦（完结）：第06课：外卖聚餐法：外卖党&聚餐族，怎么吃健康又不发胖？总结重点资料..

🎼大家好，我是陈如玉。今天的主题是打破外卖的魔证。These days， everybody's so busy。We're all working。

So hard and so stressed out， there's no time to cook anymore。

 so delivery is a really good option and it's really popular because it's so convenient and it's affordable。

 but you a lot of delivery is not very healthy。🎼What can you do？Actually。

 I have a couple tricks because I actually order delivery a lot myself basically。

Working a lot and I don't have time to cook for myself。And so。

A lot of time I actually order Maashiananggua and my team likes to make fun of me because I eat it so often。

 but it's a really easy way because I order all vegetables。

It like a mix of like lotus root and spinach or mushroom。🎼Get like dope and。Culliflower broccoli。

 so it's like a really good mix of different vegetables。And。It comes really quickly。

 I order it so that they don't use。The beef broth or。🎼Gio and。Then this way， then it's still a vegan。

And then I also tell them to use less oil so that it's less greasy。

So I think a big problem with a lot of food。Why my is that it's very greasy。

 so you can just ask them to。Put a little bit less and then you know hopefully they listen。

 sometimes they don't listen， but you can also ask them to。🎼比如清朝 and。Like just two。🎼Use water to。

Stir fed。🎼And then that way， then you can reduce them out of oil。🎼Probably the。

The most unhealthy thing about the why my is the。🎼Too much oil。And it's very greasy。

I personally don't even like how it takes。I always tell it。So another good option is。🎼梁静明。That's a。

🎼Well like。🎼Different festivals。🎼烤谱。The sauces like majiang。🎼划上价格。🎼really。Theer。🎼For the good time。

The good protein。🎼It's a good option。It's still really delicious。🎼啥的吧。🎼I also。

🎼I'm a big fan of spicy food。Spicy doesn't necessarily mean that it's unhealthy。

 A lot of people think that you know Sichuan cuisine or hnan cuisine is unhealthy， but actually。🎼Pes。

I see that they are healthy because they help them。They help your body with like。Amenity。

 they're also at to accidents。🎼And so。🎼There's nothing wrong with eating spicy food。

I always make sure that I still eat food that has a lot of flavor。

You don't want to feel like you're eating boring food all the time and that's what you know makes a lot of people like not stick to a healthy diet because they think that it has to taste boring in order to be healthy。

 but you know nobody says that。Can't have delicious flavorful。Kind of food。

 and it can still be healthy。People just don't actually realize that。

So if you order something and maybe they still don't listen and they cook it with too much oil。

🎼Pour it out， and then like， also add。Like a broth or like some hot water that will kind of let you wash it a little bit。

Add a different saage。It delutes the flavor。You can also like eat it。over rice the where。

 then that absorbs the oil。 and then if you don't eat the rice part later。

A lot of people also order soft drinks like coke Co。lunch。

That's actually probably the number one overlooked。AThing that is actually bad for you。

When you're drinking， you don't feel like you're。Having that many calories because it doesn't fill you up。

 it feels like you're just drinking water， the same kind of feeling。

 but actually you're drinking a lot of sugar and you're drinking a lot of calories。So instead。

 I recommend that you try if you still want something sweet， you can try like a fruit juice。

🎼You can try like。🎼B mixed with vegetables， like。Maybe there's like a cucumber and pear kind of juice or。

A carrot juice。Carrots are really。I also recommend a coconut water or coconut milk， tea。

 or just water is the best actually。Coconut water is naturally very sweet。And so it still satisfies。

The want for sugar， but it's much， much more healthy。🎼Comes from a natural fruit。

 if you do feel like you want to。of indulged more for lunch， that's okay。

Lunches earlier in the daytime。Then you can switch so that your dinner is lighter。And at dinner time。

🎼And choose to。🎼A lighter。More vegetable。So I like to eat a lot of different kinds of。

Especially exploring a lot of。🎼different Chinese regions when I order Cantonese food and。

YouObviously canttonese。🎼It's lighter in general because it's a lot of steamed kind。

🎼There's going to be less oil and less。Bss fried。Less heavier taste anyway。

 so I also really love Yunnan。I love all the mushrooms and。🎼The sticky race that they have also。

Very flavorful noodles。🎼And。🎼Especially the。Yeah， it was like stir fries with。

Fresh mint and fresh basil。Like lighter and spicier flavors。

