# 09、女神养成系列：女神养成系列课 全集：01-99：97. 7天减肥餐计划，吃的对，自然瘦（完结）：第07课：全食饮食法：4大吃瘦法则，让你吃的美味，瘦的健康总结重点资料..

大家好，我是陈如玉。 a lot of people will say， well。I eat meat all the time， I love meat。

 and I eat it every day， I eat it all the time， and there's no way that can never ever not eat meat。

But you know， those same people， you know， once they learn and they experience actually what real plant based。

 delicious， filling， nutritious food can be， then they find out， oh， actually。

 you know it's not that bad and actually maybe I can do without for one day， maybe I can do without。

 you know。Forever， but it it's taking the time to learn and to experience。 So you know。

 for people who feel like they are craving a lot of meat， there's you know。

 much more substantial kinds of plant based foods like。

Even like a fake meat or these days they've come out with。There's a burger called Iposible Bur。

There'sBeyond burger and these are developed so that it's very。

 very close in the texture and the taste of meat。Most people， if you didn't tell them。

 they probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference actually， and someday very soon。

A lot of the meat that you will eat will probably be grown in a lab。

That's kind of where the future is heading because。At this point。

 meat production is so resource intensive that it's not even actually possible to sustain this amount of meat per person。

When we reach 8 billion people and when especially China is eating more and more meat because everybody is you know able to afford more meat and they you know the culture also people people value meat。

 It's you know a status symbol， it makes you cool， it makes you you know masculine。

 So China actually already knows that the meat supply is running out， and that's why they are。

YouBuying all these meat farms around the world， that's why they recommend。

In their official guidelines that people reduce their meat consumption。

 and that's why they're also investing into developing this lab grownown kind of meat。

Most people at a certain point， will not recognize the difference between。

What is the difference between meat that was grown on an animal？

If you if you think that an animal is not actually a being。

 which is the way that a lot of the farms treat animals these days， they treat them you。

 kind of like a machine。So what's the difference between growing meat on this animal machine instead of growing meat in the lab that's where things are going to go in the future because it's simply not even possible to produce so much meat So the most important part is having a positive attitude about this So if you see eating plantbased as you know a big challenge like it's so much sacrifice it's so hard you know I miss meat so much and you know I'm hungry and I'm starving。

You have a very negative attitude， then it's going to be very difficult but if you change your attitude and you say。

 oh you know actually I you know this is kind of an adventure， it's a new challenge for me。

 I'm trying to make myself better， I want to have more energy， I want to feel happier。

 I want to you know lose weight， I want to you know you know prevents cancer or heart disease。

And you think about it in a positive way。 Then it's much easier to。

To keep to the plan and stick to your goals， because it's something that you want to do instead of something that you feel like。

 oh， I have to do this because， you know。I feel like I。You know， I have to punish myself。

 I have to diet， to lose weight。 you know， I have to。I have to starve。 I have to。

I have to suffer through boring food， but that's the wrong kind of attitude and you're never going to stick to something if you have the wrong attitude。

好的，课程就到这里结束了。