# 11、恋爱知识星球：06、女王：2018：171108-180331：171119墙内视频观看地址.

Oh size as in height or width or。🎼嗯。🎼Strength。🎼Yes。So many different sizes。Does size matter？

🎼I don't know why guys are so like freaked out about that。 No， not at all that's。🎼No。No。No。

🎼How you use it？No。No， not necessarily。🎼Yes。🎼谢嘿。😊，Because you got it。🎼别为。🎼Yeah。🎼No。

Being confident with your body is more important。Yeah。不可。🎼Depends on what contact or maybe。🎼哎。😊。

It depends the way you're talking about。Fuize of your wallet， size of your ego depends。🎼Yeah。🎼Yes。

🎼Yes验。Definitely。Actually， I take my answer back。Ss does not matter。

🎼WhatWhat do you know how to do with it。If you're connected with the person， it really doesn't。🎼真的。

🎼In any case。🎼F only matters of this。🎼Yes的。🎼I right know。

And I assume that you're talking about facts， and I assume you're talking about a man's penus。And。

How much pleasure that can give a woman doesn't ring those man。🎼It's all how you use it。

If it matters to you。🎼It matters。🎼嗯有。I don't think it matters no。🎼Sometimestime。I don't know。Oh yeah。

 that's a hard one。🎼They' back。Oh， w， sure。🎼Yeah。😊，When I was younger， I would say no。ああ。

But as I'm older， I think yes。Luckily， I have a husband。That is six foot floor and big feet。

🎼No faith doesn't matter as long as they loved， so。🎼Sa doesn't matter。

When you're talking about the heart。Or the vision size matter， I think it's my destiny。

🎼Because if the way a man wants to get satisfied， is the way a woman wants to get satisfied。

 so if it's too small， if you are not enjoying it， then you don't feel good no。😊，🎼ANo。

