# 【A27】其他未分类：31、21世纪性爱指南：[21世纪性爱指南].A.Girls.Guide.To.21St.Century.Sex.8of8.TVRip.XvidDarmeth

🎼Tonight on a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex， designer vaginas。

 the women getting genital makeovers。😊，🎼First hand tips to perfect mutual masturbation。

🎼How does a woman become a man and a penis become a vagina？

🎼Welcome to a Girl's guide to 21st Cury S I'm Dr。 Catherine Hood and in this series every aspect of lovemaking has been examined to give you tips。

 advice and new techniques to give you greater confidence and invigorate your sex life。😊。

🎼Every week we've explored in detail the world's most popular sexual positions and with our specially designed cameras seeing what really happens to your body during intercourse。

🎼We've saved the best till last tonight's finalal position is the Lous position and is seamen good for you。

 is it safe to swallow？😊，🎼Now though， hundreds of women every year go under the knife to have their vagina and labia tidied and tightened。

 for what drives them to such drastic measures？😊，🎼Like every part of our body the vagina ages with time over the decades its shape changes because of childbirth。

 gravity or merely the aging process itself。🎼But now you can have the vagina you always wanted。

 it's possible to change the look and shape of your vagina to order。I would like to be restored。

To the way I was before I had ever had sex。49 year old Sheila has been dissatisfied with her vagina since having a child 25 years ago。

The base of my vaginal canal is widened， I can't close it。

🎼There's I hold the skin in order to tighten it， you know。

 during sex and so I just it's just non functionalal 17。

000 operations to tighten vaginas and modify their appearance are carried out worldwide each year In America cosmetic vaginal surgery is becoming almost as popular as a nose job or breast enlargements One of the pioneers of this kind of vaginal surgery in the States is Dr David Matlock。

After having children， things are different， so children actually are disruptstructive to the birth canal。

 you can imagine a baby coming through the birth canal， things are pulled apart。

 things are stretched， things become wider， they feel that at times things are just falling out。

 things are just loose， they want to correct that they want to go back to before they had children and some as if they were 16。

 17 and 18 years old。Loosening of the vaginal muscles can lead to incontinence and lack of sensation during sex。

The appearance of the vagina can also change with aging and childbirth。

I've noticed a change in the color of my labia。 Instead of being more of a pink color。

 it has more of a darkening of the color。And also， I've noticed particularly。

When you're laying in a back position to visualize yourself。

 you can't really tell the appearance of the labia， you know， but when you stand。

And you look in the mirror or you can tell how it's really recessing from the pubic bone。

 in other words， it's hanging loosely first thing we're going to take care of everything internally。

 see all this is falling down。Internally， top bottom， then when I'm finished。

 what's going to happen is that the labia Minorah remember， we want things to look pretty okay。

 at the lab of Minorah。I'm going to come back together like this。Good， yeah， right。Excellent。

 go ahead scoop back and sit up。🎼The labialasty operation that Sheila is having will take just one to two hours and is done under local annaesthetic。

🎼First of what we're going to do， we're going to work in the anterior。 First， Dr。

 Matlock uses laser treatment on the internal muscles of the vagina to improve their tone and sensitivity are the top of the Next he begins work on the labia。

So now we're going to make an initial laser incision to make everything symmetrical。

Whatch she didn't like was the hyper pigmented areas at the end of the labbyia Minorah。

 which you can see sometimes and。Especially after pregnancies。

 you can see the hyperpigmentation of the ends。And she wanted that removed as well in the。

In this procedure， now we're going to go to the other side。 We just finished on the right side。

 We're going to go to the left side。 Left side was longer。Then the right side。

 So we want to equalize everything。To reduce。Some of the thickness of the labia as wells。

Both sides of the labia Minorah have now been reduced。 This is the left。 This is the right。

 The right was much longer than the left。 So therefore。

 I had to remove more from the left than the right。And we want to get everything equal。Finally， Dr。

 Matlock attends to Sheila's clitoris。Here's the head of the clitoris。The body of the clis is here。

 you can actually feel it you can do what we call as popping it is like a cord。

And then we have this excess here。That patients don't like。

AndWhat patients say they want to have this skin to drape over the pis and hug it。

 that's what they want， they don't want all this excess， so we got everything equalized now。

Feel like she's going to be very happy。Both aesthetically。And sexually as well。

Another Beverly Hills designer vagina。Yeah。🎼There aren't many surgeons specialising in vaginal rejuvenation in the UK。

 so Dr。 Matlock has no shortage of British customers flying to Los Angeles for the procedure。

🎼But before you book your flight， you need to carefully consider why you want surgery and whether it really will solve your problems。

🎼No woman is born perfectly symmetrical and it's quite normal for one lab lip to be longer than the other。

🎼And after childbirth， many women experience hallucning of the vagina。

 but this can become a real problem if the bladder starts to leak if this is happening CGP。😊。

Coming up。🎼Forplay fit for both sexes， making the most of mutual masturbation。

🎼Welcome back to a girl's guide to 21st centuryur sex Later we follow one woman's amazing story to have the penis she was born with。

 changed into a vagina。 First， most of us have sex in only one or two positions but there are hundreds of imaginative and adventurous positions to have intercourse with your partner each has its own particular benefit。

 for instance some are more appropriate if you're pregnant or overweight。

 others more suitable if your man has a smaller penis。😊，🎼Tonight is the ancient Lotus position。

 ideal for couples who like to take their time。😊，🎼I should warn you that the material you're about to see is of a particularly explicit nature。

😊，🎼The Lous position offers an intensive workout for a woman's pelvic floor muscles and is a position that improves as her muscles become firmer。

😊，🎼The sexual variant of this yoga position can be traced back to 1172 AD。

 where it was cited in the far eastern erotic text of the Enanggarana。😊。

🎼This ancient sex manual was penned with the intention of preventing sexual monotony between man and wife and was heavily influenced by the karma Sutra。

The position involves the man sitting with his back upright and assuming a cross legged pose as his partner sits astride him and wraps her legs around his torso。

😊，🎼Penetration in the lotus position is only possible if both partners are aroused and the man has achieved full erection。

🎼Using their hands to excite and stimulate each other's genital areas or mutual masturbation is one of the most effective ways of achieving this。

The man must stimulate the woman's clitoris with his finger。

🎼And the woman should take the man's penis in her hand and rub up and down in rhythmic strokes。

 aided by the movement of the foreskin。The inner lining of the foreskin has a permanently moist surface。

 which helps in both masturbation and sexual intercourse。

🎼The effect of mutual masturbation is that both partners are now fully aroused and ready for penlenative sex。

🎼To get into the lotus position， the man needs to sit cross legged。

 the woman can then straddle his lap and wrap her legs around his torso to give her more balance and grip。

🎼Feeling the full length of his penis inside her， the woman can use her hips and internal pelvic muscles to stimulate her man。

🎼This position allows for relatively deep penetration and is a great position for stimulating all of the woman's most sensitive egeneous stones。

 the lips， genitalia and breasts。😊，🎼During arousal， the labia become engorged and swollen with blood。

 making them bigger， larger and more prominent。 And this swelling also causes the laber to open out slightly。

 This enables the penis to enter far more easily。 During arousal， the vagina actually elongs。

 It balloons， and it balloons both in length and in diameter。

 This makes it far more comfortable to accept the penis。

 and also for the penis to thrust quite deeply without causing any discomfort to the female。😊。

🎼As the woman becomes increasingly aroused， the tissue around the entrance to the vagina swells and the diameter can reduce in size by as much as 50%。

😊，🎼The enggment of blood at the entrance of the vagina causes increased pressure and gripping of the penis。

 This gives more sensation to both the woman and the male during penetration。

🎼A woman can replicate this effect by contracting her pelvic floor muscles。

The extent of this contraction depends on the individual's strength of the muscles。

🎼And can vary greatly from woman to woman。The pelvic floor muscles can be improved by exercising。

 particularly after childbirth。 You can locate these muscles by stopping urinating right in mid flow。

Remembering the sensation as you contract， this is what you want to recreate。

 and then by repeated clenching and relaxing， clenching and relaxing these muscles。

 this will build up extraordinary strength in them。😊，🎼The pelvic floor muscles do two things。

 They allow the woman to grip and feel the penis more comfortably。

 and they allow the man more friction around it。🎼The Lous position can also be altered to apply more pressure to the sensitive zones inside the woman's vagina。

🎼To assume this posture， both partners must lean their bodies backwards and take their weight onto their hands。

 The combination of increased pressure on the front wall of the vagina。

 friction of the clitoris against his pelvic bone and the enjoyment of deep penetration for him。😊。

🎼Can help both the man and woman reach a powerful climax The Lous can be a difficult position to maintain all the way to orgasm and you should only try it if you're feeling particularly fit and flexible to master the Lous position takes practice and patience。

😊，🎼Now over 5，000 people in the UK have had full sex change operations。

 Why do these men and sometimes women have such drastic surgery to change their gender？

I have been a transsexual。🎼For the past 10 years of my life， I'm an adult entertainer。

 and I market myself as a preoperative transsexual。

 so definitely the fact that I have a penis is a commodity and essential to my work。 I'm Buck Angel。

 and I'm a female to male transsexual porn star。 I'm basically the man with a pussy People who。

🎼A born and know really from a very young age that they're effectively in the wrong body。

 That's a sort of transgendered experience。🎼And it's a very striking thing and people know very often from the the first time they start to become aware of differences between the sexes that somethings slightly。

 slightly wrong， you know it's as if they've been you know given the wrong outside casing。😔。

🎼Transexualism is found in every country and culture in the UK it's estimated there are 35。

000 people who would consider themselves transsexual。🎼Whilst in the USA， 40。

000 people have already had sex change operations， I think that my transsexuality。

Was really just an involvement of my femininity because I was very。

 very feminine as a child growing up， I was never interested in anything that was masculine ever since I can remember。

 but it really has taken me a long time to you know to get to this point in my life and to look this way but I really made that decision because I thought and I know that that would be the happiest thing for me and really I don't think I would be alive today if I hadn't made that choice I felt like a male basically since I can remember always even my parents treated me as if I was a little boy they called me by a boy name you know I had a girl name when I was born but they always called me by the boy name and I was just brought up like a little boy but then I just decided one day that I can no longer be living in this female body it was not comfortable for me。

 I was not comfortable people perceiving me as a female or talking to me as a woman or any of that。

Then Buck started taking male hormones to make him more masculine。

From the minute I started taking that testosterone and you could see effects of the change。

 it was like instant like I was supposed to you know be that way it was really an incredible experience along with working out hard at the gym I've achieved this masculine body The female to male transsexuals when they start taking hormones。

 their voice breaks deep and so they get a male voice quite quickly。

 they start growing facial hair and they've got the right genes they start going bal and so facially they rapidly look like men。

Once they've had a masectomy and have a flat chest and if they start dressing in a male style。

 they very rapidly pass externally as male。 I think that is probably the ultimate goal of most transexuals。

Is to eventually have the sexual reassignment surgery。 I think some people these days are opting。

For not to have the surgery。 And at the moment， I'm just not opting to have it， but I'm pleased。

 as I am。But for some transsexuals like Anne Marie， who was born a man。

 having surgery to change her genitals is the only way she'll ever feel at peace with her body。

I've always really known lot of different， I'll see。More have grown up the more。Apparently。

 it's been to me。Boys wanted to。Dress up with the girls。 Play with the girls。 So it's always been。

In the back of my mind all the time。If those things， I can remember。In my gen area。

 I've treated as a growth rather than whose my genitality， it's something that shouldn't be there。

 I've never ever wanted it。 I've hated it all my life。

Anne Marie has been living as a woman for three years。Following a very traumatic divorce。

 she made an important decision about her future。By now， I was taking。

Brepress hormones and other hormones that were available， the marriage collapsed and at that point。

Losing her and basically family， I decided I've got nothing else to lose。😔。

I'm gonna do what I want to do。And I asked that if I go forward into the gender realignment program。

Having come to the gender identity clinic。The patient is then assessed by a first psychiatrist。

They go away after another three months they're assessed by a second psychiatrist to both the Greek。

 they can start hormone treatment over a period of the minimum of two years at the end of that time。

 the patient can be referred for surgery changinging sex doesn't affect a person's sexuality。

The desire to become a different gender is rarely motivated by sexual needs。Shock to most people。

 I'm not actually interested in men。 I'm still interested in women。

 So I will actually become lesbian say。It's going to be an interesting。

🎼The step for me After three years of counselling， Anne Marie is now getting ready for a gender reassignment operation that will change her penis into a vagina。

🎼When I wake up in a couple of days time， it's going to be slightly painful but it's going to be a very nice feeling unless they tell we otherwise I' and expect a very different body which is quite nice looking forward to that。

🎼We'll continue Anne Marie's surgery later when her penis is removed and the vagina constructed。

🎼But first， we know that semen contains sperm， which fertilises a woman's eggs。

 but have you ever wondered how it's made and where it comes from？😊，🎼Each time a man ejaculates。

 he releases up to 400 million sperm， it takes only one of these to fertilise a woman's egg。😊。

🎼It's been estimated that men will ejaculate 2，000 times before losing their virginity。

🎼A healthy man produces roughly 48 gallons of semen in his lifetime。

 that's enough to fill a bathtub and by the end of an average lifespan a man will have ejaculated 7。

000 times。😊，🎼Each time he produces roughly a teaspoon of semen。

 but what exactly is this fluid and how is it made？😊。

🎼Semen or seminal fluid is the liquid that carries sperm cells and sperm are the little cells that carry DNA to make the new baby。

 the new generation so they're quite different things There can be between 20 to 100 million sperm or spermmatozoa in each ejaculate。

🎼As formatozoa are producing the testes of the male。 Millions of them are produced every day。

500 million per day。 Each spamatozoa is consists of a little head。

🎼Just behind the head is a power pack， if you like producing energy。

 that produce the energy for the flagulation of the tail of the swimmatos Earth。

🎼A sperm needs to wave its tail around a thousand times to swim a centimetre。

🎼But it still makes very slow progress， covering roughly half a centimetre in just one hour。

 Once the testers have produced the sperm， they're ready for their epic journey。 First。

 they pass through the vast deference where they pick up a sugary substance called fructose。😊。

Fructose， the type of sugar， a natural sugar。 And that's really an energy source for the sperm because obviously。

 they're going to do a lot of swimming。 They're basically swimming a marathon in our terms。

 Travel further up the vast deferens。Additional fluid is added from the prostate gland。

 including a secretion which will help the sperm survive the acidity of the woman's vagina。

The ejaculate is now swollen in volume， and sperm only make up 5%。By now。

 the fluid is thick and clotted。 This stickiness increases the chance of sperm remaining inside the vagina。

 The average male ejaculates at around 28 m perph Oh god。

🎼Seaman is forced out of the penis at this speed to ensure it's delivered deep into the vaginal canal。

When it reaches the cervix at the top of the vagina。

 the semen becomes thinner and the sperm swim free of the fluid they were delivered in。

Sperm are only as healthy as the individual who produced them in his London fertility clinic， Dr。

 Alan Thornhill examineds Semen's samples。40 or 50% of the sperm are swimming quite well。

 good progression。 Qui a few sperm are just completely immotile。 They're just not moving at all。 Now。

 they could be dead。And there are others， and they're just swimming around in circles。

 So quite clearly， they're not going to find their way to an egg。

🎼A normal sperm should look like this。 Common abnormalities include。Two heads。Two tails。

🎼An oversized or undersized head， or even a missing tail。

🎼It's normal for a man to have some abnormal sperm， but if there's a high percentage。

 it may be difficult for him to father a child。🎼Dr。

 Thornhill can also tell if Semen is healthy by its color when it's sort of milkish Mily white color。

🎼You've got a pretty good bet that there's quite a lot of sperm in there so that's kind of a good indicator if it's yellow then that might indicate that there's an infection。

🎼And。🎼And if it's。🎼Pink， red or brown usually means there's blood in there。

🎼And obviously Brown would be older blood。🎼And pink and red would be kind of fresh blood。

🎼Blood in semen can be a sign of an infection。🎼How long sperm can survive after ejaculation is another good measure of a man's virility。

😊，🎼One thing we do as part of our testing here is we keep sperm that has been ejaculated for 48 hours and to see whether it's still swimming that's an indication of its quality and we keep that at room temperature but it's known that they can survive for at least seven days from the time they've been ejaculated so they can survive seven days within the female reproductive tract for example。

🎼So if you're planning to have a baby， what can your partner do to ensure his sperm are in tip top condition？

🎼First is three to five days abstinence that's not having any sexual activity at all and that's to allow a buildup of the best sperm。

 the best swimming sperm the second thing would be to be healthy three months before you produce the ejacula I know that sounds strange but it takes that long for an original sperm cell to turn into a mature swimming sperm cell so anything you do three months ago is going to have potentially a negative effect drinking smoking etc。

🎼One of the most fascinating facts about sperm is that its production has no age limit。

 The interesting thing about men， of course， is that we can go on reproducing on the whole。 I mean。

 we can go on producing spmato are， the hormones that are involved in。Controlling that process。

 the testosterone and so on on the whole continuum。

 Although the production of testosterone will wane off。 the sexuality is changing。

What arouses us changes。嗯。But we can continue to be aroused many of us into our 7s。

🎼So the health of sperm is linked directly to the health of your man and we all know that what we eat plays a key role in how healthy we are。

 but can it be true that foods can also contain magic ingredients that arouse the sexual senses Hollywood sexologist Dr。

 Eva Cadell knows which foods will put you in the mood for love。😊。

Tonight's top tip is about afrodiiacs。 Did you know that nature has a way of creating fruits and vegetables to look like phallic symbols and those are aphrodisiaaccs like the banana。

 the carrot， and look at this This is a fresh fig Does't that remind you of the female vulva aha and what about oysters Oysters release testosterone。

 the male sexual hormone， and it releases it in women too。Shrimp has zinc。

 and that's good for male semen production， but this is the most amazing thing Pump pie gets the blood flowing 40% faster for the male and for women black licorice does the same thing so go out and buy your love foods tonight and create a sexual smoga sport。

🎼Coming up on a girl's guide to 21st centuryury sex。😊。

🎼Transexual Anne Marie goes under the knife to have her penis removed and a new vagina constructed in its place in a very graphic procedure。

🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st centuryy sex Earl we saw 43 year old Anne Marie preparing to undergo gender realignment surgery many transsexuals in particular those in the adult entertainment industry choose not to have the final cut。

 but after many years of soul searching Anne Marie has taken the decision to have her penis removed and become more physically female。

😊，🎼Shocked to most people， I'm not actually interested in men， I'm still interested in women。

 so I will actually become best female。😔，It's going to be an interesting。🎼The step for me。

🎼Anne Marie has waited her entire life to have the penis she was born with。

 converted into a vagina so she can live her life more fully as a woman。

🎼That moment has finally arrived。🎼Surgeon James Bellingham must first create a vagina by making a space between the rectum and the bladder。

🎼This cavity is created in the same space and at the same angle as a natural vagina。

 so sexual intercourse will feel as normal as possible。😊，🎼Next， the testicles are removed。

 leaving the scrotum。Things start to get a bit permanent at this stage。I could， in principle。

 stop now。😔，And then。So the incision up and it would all heal and there wouldn't be a problem。

 but once you've started this part of the procedure。It tends to be a bit permanent。嗯是什么。

Then a vaginal lining is created from the skin of the penis。The penises turned inside out。

 and the skin removed like a tube。 was。The glands penis， the sensitive head of the penis。

 is separated from the main body of the penis and folded back inside the new vagina to form a clitoris。

Well， this is the erectile tissue of the penis， that's the little triangle of glands penis。

You can see that the top is using， so the cl should be nice and viable。

The rest of the penis is then cut off and discarded。I。

The penile skin is then sewn together at the end to form a tube。And inserted into the new vagina。

This operation gives the patient a functioning vagina。

So they can have full sexual intercourse about two months after surgery。

I know we are bang that goes in there， so that essentially is the vagina ready to roll。

The urethra is then pulled through a slit above the penis to create a new urinary path。Next。

 the scrotum is trimmed down and sewn together to resemble the out of vaginal lips。

 The glands penis is then threaded through above the urethra。😊，To create a clitoris with sensation。

And I quite like the sort of cosmetic effect this gives， because you get a。ASlight red， moist。

Bas of skin。In front of the vaginal opening and leading forward to the clitoris， which looks。

A bit more like the natural vulva。Finally， Mr。 Bellringinger creates a hood for the new clitoris。

 so it's not oversitive or exposed。The hoodd is a good cosmetic thing to do。

It makes the front of the valveulva look right。 It covers the clitoris a little。

And it should prevent them getting too much hypersensitivity。

It'll be 24 hours before Anne Marie gets to see her new vagina for the very first time。😊，🎼And for me。

 the main difference is that。🎼The growth has gone off my body。

 which makes me feel far more comfortable， a lot happier。 Thanks sweet done。job， Thank you。

 My experience is that most people are satisfied。 Most people are sort of delighted。

 They may not necessarily be sexually active。With their new bits of。Bits of body。

 but they feel much more complete and much more kind of normal with it。

The operation isn't the end of the reassignment。Andnne Marie will need to maintain her new vaginal cavity。

The dilation is a very new experience， and I'm certain that is it。Becomes less tender。

 due to the operation。 It most probably become more。Acceptable and a nicer experience。

 If you fashioned an artificial vagina， you need to spend some effort in trying to keep it open。

 So what we do is we train the patients with this or di it。

 What we encourage female patients to do is to use this。

 they sort of self insert it two or three times a day。 And they do this regularly。 And indeed。

 they keep on doing it slightly reduced frequency。 for the rest of their life。

 It's important to remind people to do it， because otherwise， if you don't。

 the thing will heal up and close up。 This is my new body。 Obviously。

 all the genital now been removed。 we can see is where the out in the lips and everything up。

 and obviously。Roughly around here is the entrance to the new vagina and then obviously that goes quite far back into the body。

And this very little tip here。I believe。To be。The more sensitive areas of the vagina。

 the urri tract sits down nily just。It hear someone。Just like any other femaleme metal。

 it' a bit swollen just needs to I S down in little Whit。

Although it's a long process with quite a few hurdles to climb， its worth doing。

 And most people are satisfied because they go on to lead。Much happier， contented， you know。

 much more satisfied lives。It is very， very nice to get out of bed in the morning。😔。

Put on your necks and there's nothing there。 It just feels so different and so nice。 It's really。

 for me， it's a pleasure to actually have the body finally you。😊，After many years waiting。

 I've finally got the body that I think I should have anyway。

🎼Most transsexual people have gone through years of counselling before undertaking surgery and it should never be seen as just a lifestyle choice。

 but if you feel your gender is an issue for you and talk to your GP who can refer you to a specialist。

🎼Our mission on the Girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex was to get you enjoying and experiencing better sex We've given you all the tips and advice you could possibly need。

 but if you've missed any here's another chance to see the very best bits of this incredible journey into human sexuality。

😊，🎼Over the past eight weeks we've brought you a vast array of sexual activity you've seen the world's most popular sexual positions demonstrated in detail with hints and ideas to increase their intensity and improve your experience。

😊，🎼We've brought you insights into alternative sexual behaviour like lesbianism， tananttriric sex。

 and group sex。🎼We've also shared with you tips and tricks from the experts to enhance masturbation for both men and women。

🎼To have better and longer lasting orgasms， how to find your clitoris， how to find your Gport。

 and even how to enjoy safe anal sex， and we've given you sexual advice if you're overweight。

 disabled or suffer from erectile dysfunction。🎼So next time you're feeling in the mood for sex of whatever description。

 just remember all the things you've seen and heard on a girl's guide to 21st century sex。

