# 【A27】其他未分类：35、男性增大详细：维格尔-男性增大增粗练习术：阴茎增长训练术：阴茎增长训练术(3)【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

🎼What you want to do is take your fac penis with the standard O grip like cell。And with full force。

Stretch downward。And hold the stretch。For 30 to 60 seconds。

You want to feel throughout your penis deep into your legs。Holden stretch tight。

And pulling it as hard as you can while still being comfortable。Afterre going with that。

 you want to pull it to the side。And again。Puold this stretch。For 30 to 60 seconds。

Plung tighter and tighter。While still being comfortable。Hold this position。Again。

 you'll feel it throughout your penis。🎼Then go to the other side。Stretch。Brost the leg。And hold。

Again。30 to 60 seconds。Feeling it throughout the legs in the tunica all the way up。

Once finished with this， what you're going to want to do。Just take your penis。

Sttraray out in front of you， grabbing it。Like so。And do rotary stretches。

🎼He wants to do between 25 and 50 of these， depending on。How comfortable you feel。Very， very intense。

 stretching out。🎼And almost like you're stirring a pot of soup。Fing it deep into the lids。

Increasing intensity throughout the whole stretch。Basic gelking。

This is the foundation of all gi exercises。You'll notice I'm in semiur state。

I'm using the standard OK grip。Griiving at the extreme base。Slowly slotting my hand up the shaft。

 bring all the blood just below the head。With each stroke， it should be a tight grip。Sliding up。

The idea here is to get maximum expansion throughout the shaft。And increase your girth。

This tempo is perfect。And you should complete。Three to 600 of these strokes。The dual dry gel。

You want to get yourself into a semi state。Grip me at the extreme base。And slowly with the OK grip。

 slide your hand。Towards the hand anchored at the top of your penis。

This stroke should take anywhere from five to 10 seconds。Again。

Gripping at the extreme base hand just below the head。Have slide the blood。Tightly up the shaft。

Until the other hand meets with the top hand。Again。Going up the shaft。Until both hands meet。

🎼The sea joke。What you want to do？Is reaching at the extreme base。Using the standard okay grip， gel。

 upward。In a sea motion。Using the palm of your hand。To push the penis when you get to the top。

This will create the sea motion。Bring the blood up and push to the side。

This is working on girth while at the same time。Working at the base。

Giving more strength to the ligaments。While the corpus cavern knows some the sides of the penis。

Are getting thicker and thicker。It should be a constantstancy motion。C， reverse C。Like so。

Each stroke should take about two seconds。And you should be。🎼And semi ex state。Thenen correction。

 joke。Let's say you have a be going this way。And you want to correct it。It's a very。

 very easy process。What you'll be doing。The Ben correction。Jel。That goes against the curve。

You want to be in a semire state。Andgeling every once in a while， maybe every two， three strokes。

 you want to go against the bend。Your bank can be going any direction that you want to correct。

In this case， I'm showing it to the left。With each stroke。Bring more blood up。And gel to the side。

Every few strokes。🎼The isolated compressions， please。

 you want to take your penis in a semi erect state。

Gripping at the extreme base and just below the head。Bring the both hands together。

And the space in between you want to make tiny circles。

Moving that blood around in the spaces between your hands。With each movement。

 you should be feeling an expansion within this area。

This is one of my favorite gith exercises as I feel。

It gives the most maximum expansion you can get out of one exercise。Slowly but concentrating。

Moving these areas together。To expand that tissue。Do this over a 30 to 602nd period。

🎼Compression squeezes。 This is a great width exercise。

 What you want to do is using the palm of your hand。And a flat piece of material。

Starting at the extreme base。With the semire Venus。They want to flatten it。

Working slowly up the shaft。🎼All the way up to just below the head。

This is going to expand your penis with W。Giving you more girth than standard gi exercises。Again。

 slowly up the shaft。Each stroke should take between 30 and 60 seconds。Eect stretches。

What you want to do is get yourself erect。Gripping at the extreme base。And just below the head。

 like so。You want to stretch the penis。With full string。Outward。And hold the stretch。

For 30 to 60 seconds。This exercise is great。To convert flaccid gains to erect gains。

Something he might be going through right now。Stretching in the erect state。Helps close that gap。

You want to use。A comfortable amount of stress。Pulling forward。And holding。

Bundled semi erect stretches。What you want to do is get yourself into a semi E state。

Gripping the penis。At the head。Like so。Slowly and comfortably turning the penis。

Like so and stretching down。You'll feel this throughout your tunica along the shaft。

At the legss at the base。He should feel。A very nice stretch。Throughout the entire penis。

The A stretched doing the blasters， youll take your flaccid penis gripping it at the head。

Stretch it over your wrist while grabbing the other wrist with the free hand Once in this position you want to do a kegle。

And hold that for three to five seconds。Then engage into a reverse keeggel。During a reverse kegel。

 which will be between five and 10 seconds。You'll want to stretch to your max。Taking advantage。

Of the leg stretch。🎼DLD Blalastster is using Rby's fake arm with a piece of PVC piping。

 You want to weave it underneath your penis。And over your wrist。

Bring the other piece up on top of your leg where you'll support it with your free hand。

Once in this position。It's the A stretch， you'll want to do a tagle。

Hold this keggel for three to five seconds。And then slowly engage into the reverse keeggel。

 taking advantage。Of the leg stretch。Stretching at 100% capacity for five， 10 seconds。

🎼Grabbing your penis in a semire state at the head。

🎼You'll want to grab at the base and slowly roll the blood。And a slight arc。Starting at the base。

 working up。To just below the head。Dispen motion。Is going to increase your width。And G。

You want to do it so it's comfortable and you don't want to go too far。Just slightly。

It's a simple movement。But the benefits are unbelievable。Slowly working。Straight up。

The top of the glands。DLD clock bends， taking your erect penis。

Gripping it just below the glands and turning counterclockwise。Maybe a half a turn。

Then you'll want to stretch your penis。Against your leg。Upward。

You want to hold the stretch between 30 and 60 seconds。Feeling it throughout the shaft。

All the be down to the leagues。The stretch is done erect。Take full benefit。Of leg stretching。

Once you've completed 30 to 60 seconds on that side， simply bring it over。Again， turning it slightly。

Stretching over the other leg。Again， holding for 30 to 60 seconds。Fillling it throughout the base。

Up the shaft to just below the head。Ben penis correction stretch。

What you want to do is get yourself semi erect and this is important because we're stretching penile tissue now。

So we want to be fairly firm。Let's say your bend is going this way。And you want to correct that end。

What you'll need to do is grip your penis。At the head。Anching the other hand below the bend。

And firmly。Stretch。Against that curve。Holding the stretch。For 30 to 60 seconds。Over time。

This will train the penile tissue。Become more st。Then correction， Ben。

Let's say you have a band going this way and you want to correct that。

What you want to do is get yourself。Close to erect。And against that bend。

 you want to create a slight arc。Slowly moving against the bend。In a slinky motion。

Up and down the shaft。Over time。This will correct the bend。

Funddled day stretch glers you want to take your flacd penis turning it。Maybe once or twice。

 whatever's comfortable。Rripping it at the head。And getting into the classic A stretch。

Hand underneath the penis and gripping the other wrist。Once in this position。

 youll want to do a keeggle and hold for three to five seconds。

And slowly transform into the reverse keeggel。Or you'll be holding it for five。

 10 seconds at a maximum stretch。You should be feeling this throughout your legs and tunica。

During the entire time。🎼Warm up and warm down。 Pre much the same routine。

 What you want to do is get a rag that's dipped in hot water。

Hot enough to reach into the penile tissue， but not too hot that you're going to burn yourself。

What you want to do？I wrap it firmly around your shaft。He told the entire penis。

Thisis covered with the rag。And you want to keep it in this position。

Until the rag starts to become warm。Where you'll want to red dipip the rag in the hot water。

And redo the ra again。You'll want to do this for three to five minutes before and after exercise。

Angel jokes。What you want to do is get yourself to a semi erect state。Using your favorite lubricant。

What you want to do is angle your peniness downward。And gel from the extreme base。

Just below the head。In a downward motion。This is different than standard Ges。As in a standard gel。

 you'll be joing upward。DilD tub stretches。A tub can be used or any object like a tub where you're able to stretch down into it。

Here I'm grabbing my penis just below the glands。🎼As you can see from behind。I'm using a chair here。

Where I'm going to grip my penis。And I'm going to stretch downward。

You want to hold this stretch for 30 to 60 seconds。🎼A full tension。

This is working the legs at an angle， not possible at any other stretch。DLD counter stretches。

When to grab your penis from behind and using the edge of a counter or chair or any stationary object。

Put the weight of your penis on the back of your fist。

Using your body weight to sit down into the stretch。You're want to hold this for 30 to 60 seconds。

You should feel it throughout your extreme legs， all the way up your penis。This is my under stretch。

 Take your flacci penis。Grabbing it just below the glands， standard OK grip。

Stretching it underneath your leg。What do you want to do？

Use your leg as thefulcrum point as you're stretching。In this case， to the left。

Hold for 30 to 60 seconds。You'll want to reposition this to the right hand side afterwards and repeat。

Holding for 30 to 60 seconds。🎼Dualfulcrum。 What you want to do is take your flacci penis just below the glands。

Standard OK grip。Like so。And we want to stretch down while the other hand anchors at the base。

Like so。As you're stretching downward with one hand， the other hand is pulling up。

This is where I gets his name dual Fcrm as you're stretching downward。And upward simultaneously。

This is an incredible length exercise。And should be held for 30 to 60 seconds。

Feeling stretch throughout your entire penis。Starting at the glands all the way down to the base。

DLD had expansion。What you want to do is get blood。Into your penis。Like so。

And then squeeze it out of the gland。Squeze it back in by kggling。And squeeze it out again。

You want to keep repeating this。Each time getting more blood into the head。And taking it out。

What this is doing is expanding。The glands tissue or the head tissue。Giving you that mushroom look。

Squeeze out the blood， keggle it back in。Squeeze out the blood。Heele it back in。

IfYou you need to stop to get yourself to a higher erection level， that's fine。

You you want to do these for 10 to 15 minutes。Teggling the blood in。Spanning the head。

Squeezing the blood out。Like so， kggle in。Squeeze out。

This is the DLD underleg Fulcrum taking your flaccid penis。And a piece of PVC pipe。

What you want to do is weave the pipe above your penis。But under your legs。

The pipe's going to be anchored against your legs。Once in his position。You'll want to lean back。

Stretching the penis upward。While the PVC pipe is pushing downwards。Against the force of your legs。

Like so。Hold the stretch 30 to 60 seconds。Lalazy as stretches this is another great stretch it can be done throughout the entire day。

What you want to do is take your flaccid penis。Gripping it at the head。And bring it underneath。

Your ass cheek， stretching it backwards。To tight tension。Once in that tension。Release。

And lean back into the stretch。You can hold this stretch for up to 20 minutes。

When you'll need to stop。Return to good circulation and then you can reset it up again。

I sometimes do these throughout my entire day。As this is a great all day stretch。

Foreskin restoration。What you'll need to do here is get yourself erect。Once you're completely erect。

You want to grip at the extreme base。Takking all the skin that's down there。

And slowly you want to slide it up your shaft。And over top of your glands。

You want to hold the stretch for 30 to 60 seconds。The entire time。Working that skin over your head。

Increasing intensity。Over time， this will completely restore your foreskin。

