# 【A27】其他未分类：31、21世纪性爱指南：[21世纪性爱指南].A.Girls.Guide.To.21St.Century.Sex.3of8.TVRip.XvidDarmeth

🎼，🎼Tonight I'm a Girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex， The truth about the Gpot。

 how to find it and make it work for you。😊，🎼How to delay your partner's orgasm for amazing long lasting sex。

😊，🎼And why love making when you're pregnant can be the ultimate source of pleasure for both men and women。

🎼Welcome to a Girl's guide to 21st centuryury sex I'm Dr。

 Catherine Hood and over the next few weeks we're going to be looking at every aspect of lovemaking to improve you and your partner's performance Every time we'll dissect and analyze the world's favorite sexual positions and give you expert tuition on what works best in the bedroom with our specially designed cameras we'll see what really happens to your body during intercourse and we'll explode sexual myths and mysteries from mental masturbation say Fa sex and even how men can have multiple orgasms。

😊，🎼But well also bring the cautionary tales of sexually transmitted infections and the horror stories of how sex can go wrong and the girls guide sex experts。

 Dr。 Ava Cadell and Lou Pageget from Los Angeles will be here again to give you your very own personal coaching sessions on everything from how to give the best oral sex to the aphrodisias that will turn your sex life around。

🎼Tonight， how to have fulfilling sex with a small penis。😊，🎼But first， the truth about the G spot。

 how to find it and how to use it to achieve the pinnacle of sexual pleasure。😊。

🎼Many researchers believe that every woman has an area on the front wall of the vagina called the G spot。

 while some women claim it's their number one egenous zone。

 others don't like the feel of G spot stimulation。🎼And many also need vaginal or clal stimulation to reach orgasm。

🎼But some claim that G spot stimulation gives the most powerful and intense orgasms they've ever experienced。

😊，🎼First time I felt it it was a completely different feeling and I was like you know what is this I've never felt it before just made me start shivering and quivering and because this area of the vagina which can be located on the front wall is said to expand during intercourse and becoming gorgged with blood。

 this can often lead to a greater intensity of sexual pleasurable feelings。

🎼Although medical experts disagree on the existence of a GSpot in every woman。

 there's no harm in checking for yourself。Ladies， to find your own G spot， you put it in palm up。

Inside the vagina towards the navel。And when you get to about one and a half to two inches up there。

 you will feel some ridges which feel completely different to the rest of the tissue inside。

 I am pulling her Gpot out， do not try this at home， please。You can see it has ridges。

It kind of feels like cordroy material or even the roof of your mouth。

🎼That is the Gpot When I first met Emma she didn't really say anything to me about her Gpot about playing with it。

 but when I first put my hands down it I'd noticed that she did enjoy a certain part of her being played with and at the time I didn't know that is what was the Gpot it was only after a little while of being together that she actually informed me that that was a G spot it put his fingers in there and he moved them around and I'll just。

Oh。🎼When I I get very， very carried away actually。😊。

🎼The difference between a clral and a Gpot orgasm is a clral orgasm can be quite short and intense and a G spot orgasm can be felt deeper and longer inside the vagina the g spot in fourplay。

🎼It's like a little tap and I'll start playing with it and start fiddling with it and Emma becomes really wet and she turns around just from a little bit of rubbing on it。

🤢，🎼The effects it has on her and the reactions she has to are actually quite surprising for it being such a little piece of skin。

🎼Not everyone has such an intense natural reaction， some women opt for enhancement。😊。

🎼Christine Taylor is 23 years old， she's located her GSpot but has limited sensation。😊。

🎼And is now about to meet a man who might help her achieve a GSpot orgasm for the very first time。

We have a procedure it's called the G shot， and basically what it is is a G spot amplification。First。

 Dr Matlock opens Christine's vagina with a speculum and numbs the GS area。

He then injects the gspot with collagen， a substance usually used as a wrinkle filler。😊，Dr。

 Matlock claims that this causes the GS spot area to swell to more than twice its size。

 making it easier to find， extra sensitive and enhancing sexual arousal。😊。

The operation takes five minutes， but costs a thousand pounds and does it work？

I was in cloud nine and I finally had my first orgasm。

 I had never experienced an orgasm before that and it was just。

 it was actually more educational than anything because I kind of could position the guy in a way where it would be the perfect angle for me to have the perfect orgasm。

🎼So whether the G spot is enhanced or not， it has the potential to dramatically increase the level of arousal。

🎼But it doesn't have to be the key to great sex。🎼Women shouldn't worry if they haven't found a G spot we actually don't know whether all women have got G spots or not if you've found yours then that's great but if you haven't please don't worry about it sex can still be very fulfilling and very enjoyable for you and your partner whether you know where your G spot is or not。

🎼The sexy secretary and her boss， the cheerleader and her teacher， the wanton waitress。

 the dirty cleaner， these are all common types of sexual roleplay here's Hollywood sex therapist Lou Pat to explain how it's one of the safest and most exciting ways to keep your sex life fresh。

😊，Welcome to tonight's 21st centuryur sex workshop。

 we'll be covering roleplay and how to introduce that into your lovemaking and to expand and heighten your romance of our ladies who are here joining us this evening。

Three of them have incorporated role playing into their lovemaking and one has never even thought about it for many couples long term。

 this is the one way that they incorporate new without stepping outside their relationship。なで？谁。

Schoolgirl thing I think everybody has that we waited one day until it was raining really hard and he was driving by and he like was gonna to ask me for a ride being because you know I'm wet like in a white like t-shirt like no bra you know and I'm like okay you know yeah I do need a ride sir you know and you know we play that sort of a sting with the school teachers and you know I mean that drove him that's as well as't he here's the big thing about any of these things if you feel you're gonna get judged for introducing them people aren't going to do it and that's often what will happen with men they won't introduce a fantasy because they worry that the woman is going to think it is so juvenile and they're going to be you know because women control the access to sex that the man will then be rejected for you know not only then but for the next six months may I ask you what yours。

Yeah， mine is not quite dress up the more of the name calling dirty names Yeah see like a dirty little war women typically。

 if this is going to be part of play that they want to do some type of interplay the woman is typically the one who controls the level of explicitness of the statement。

 And when you have a fantasy， you're completely in control of all of the results。

 you know how it's going to play out， you know how are you going feel。

 you know what the person's going to do。 So that's why they call it fantasy and role playing。

 reality is another thing。 So that's role playing。😊，And really， what it boils down to。

 it's about the permission you give yourself and the amount of what your imagination will bring in。

🎼Still to come on a girl's guide to 21st centuryur sex。

🎼Premature ejaculation affects one in three men at some point in their life if your partner is a sufferer。

 we show you the tried and tested squeeze technique to delay orgasm and help you enjoy longer lasting sex。

😊，🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st Century Sex Com up。

 the sexually transmitted infection believed to be responsible for many cases of infertility in the UK。

 chlamydia。😊，🎼And how to be sexually satisfied by a partner who has a small penis。🎼First。

 most of us have sex in only one or two positions， but there are hundreds of adventurous and imaginative positions to have intercourse with your partner。

 Each have their own particular benefits。 For instance。

 some are more suitable if you're pregnant or overweight and others more appropriate if your man has a small penis。

😊，Tonight's position is called the side slide and is particularly helpful if your partner experiences premature ejaculation。

 I should warn you that the material you're about to see is of a particularly explicit nature。😊。

🎼This athletic position not only keeps you supple but also provides an interesting new angle for lovemaking known as the side slide。

 its name refers to the direction of entry and the gentle sliding motion needed to thrust both partners towards climax。

😊，🎼In this position， you lie on your side with your bottom leg straight。

 your outer leg is placed on the shoulder of your partner， and he straddles your lower leg。

 holding the upright w for support as he enters。🎼It's believed this position was first documented in the late 15th century ancient pillow book called The Perfume Garden。

😊，🎼This Islamic sex Man， focusing on conjugal love。

 originated from Tunisia and is the Arabic equivalent of the Karma Sutra。😊。

🎼The side slide is one of the more acrobatic positions。

 and it's important that couples prepare their bodies prior to intercourse to prevent any muscle strain or discomfort。

😊，🎼One way of warming up your muscles is by introducing some erotic massage into the bedroom。

🎼Massage， when it involves the egeneous areas， will improve muscular relaxation and it'll also increase the blood going to the gentle area。

 this in itself will cause stimulation and arouse。🎼よ。

🎼What you're also doing is mass the nerve endings and this makes them even more excitable and even more sensitive。

😊，🎼Stimulating areas close to the genitals while avoiding direct contact with them can give a strong sense of anticipation but will further hypen arousal。

🎼To assume the side slide position， the woman lies on her side with her leg raised in the air。

 the man straddles the leg with his torso at a right angle to the body。

🎼Ideal for those who enjoy deep penetration， this position allows both partners to thrust。

 so the exertion is split equally between the man and the woman。😊。

🎼When the man enters the woman with his torso at this angle。

 the penis is likely to be pushing against the side walls of her vagina in this way。

 the woman can experience stimulation from an angle that's never usually pd。

 some may find this deeply pleasurable depending on the individual sensitivity of the vaginal walls。

😊，🎼One great benefit of this position is that the woman can stimulate her own clitoris against the thigh of her partner。

😊，🎼It also guarantees that the rubbing motion on the clitoris coincides perfectly with the rhythm of his thrusts。

😊，ち？This position stimulates the penis particularly well。

 but if this or any other position leads your partner to ejaculate prematurely。

 then there are tried and tested techniques to slow everything down one particularly effective approach was developed by the celebrated American therapistists。

 Masters and Johnson it's known as the squeezeeze technique。😊，Oh。

The squeeze technique involves withdrawing the penis at the point or just before the man feels like he's going to ejaculate At that moment。

 the woman applies pressure， quite firm pressure just below the head of the penis and the base until the desire to ejaculate subsides completely。

😊，You should then place the hand so that the thumb is on one side of his penis。

 leaving the index and middle fingers on the other side。

 with the index finger just above the ridge of the glands or the head of the penis。

 the middle finger should just be below the ridge。You then need to squeeze the shaft of the penis firmly between your thumb and the other two fingers until the erection begins to subside。

 This shouldn't be painful。The added pressure prevents further buildup of blood in the penis and helps to reduce excitement。

😊，Men can also delay their ejaculation if they have better control over their pelvic floor muscles by having good control。

 They can delay their ejaculation substantially。 You can identify these muscles， just like women。

 just by stopping urinating midflow。😊，If your man does suffer from premature ejaculation above all else。

 you must remember to be patient and supportive。As communication and teamwork is vital in overcoming this problem。

 being anxious and frustrated will only make matters worse。

🎼Now sexually transmitted infections are on the increase cases of chlamydia amongst teenagers have treled in the last 15 years。

 it poses one of the greatest threats to public health the UK has faced in decades。🎼Over 100。

000 cases of chlamydia were diagnosed last year， a staggering one in10 young people may be infected。

🎼This tiny bug will not only give an unpleasant discharge， but left untreated。

 it could make you infertile and leave you with a lifelong painful illness。

 It's given me terrible pain and suffering suffering at the loss of three babies。

 I've had numerous operations，13 in total， two of them being major operations。 It's been， you know。

 one hell of a rocky road for me emotionally and physically Tracy Glen Denning called chlamydia from her first boyfriend 20 years ago。

 When she was diagnosed， she was given some devastating news about her future。

 He said to me that there's a possibility that you'll having infertility and there's probably going to be a long term problem and learn to live with it really。

🎼But what exactly is chlamydia and how junior if you've got it chlamydia is basically a bacteria okay it's sexually transmitted bacteria so the only way you can get it is through sexual contact with somebody else who has chlamydia so it can sit in a few different parts of your body so if you're female you can get chlamydia in your urethra where you pee from also in your cervix which is the entrance to your womb you can also get chlamydia in the anus as well so people having an sex you can get it through that and you can also potentially pick it up in your throat as well so through all as well。

😊，🎼This is the case here of a young man who came to see me a couple of weeks ago and as you can see he's got slight redness of the tip of the penis and a very scanty discharge you can easily see how many young men would not regard this as being a significant problem they mightn't even notice they have it。

😊，🎼But if the discharge isn't treated， the bacteria may go on to cause alarming damage。

🎼This young man has a very hot， swollen， tender right testicle where the coy infection has actually traveled back in and given him what we call epiidtimal orchitis that is a very painful。

 serious condition。😊，🎼This needs urgent medical treatment。

🎼But what are the symptoms of chlamydia that women should look for？

Won might to notice that they're getting a little bit of lower abdominal pain。

They might be experiencing pain when having sex， they may notice a slight change in their discharge。

 although it's not that common and they also might be having a little bit of spot bleeding as well。😊。

It's estimated that up to 75% of women who have chlamydia show no symptoms at all and therefore don't seek treatment。

 sometimes with devastating consequences。Tracy wasn't aware that she'd caught chlamydia when she was 17。

 and it was only when she became pregnant with her first child that she realized something was seriously wrong。

 Through the pregnancy， I was having grumblings of pain。 And when I was five months pregnant。

 I had horrific pain。 and I was rushed into hospital。 I hospitalised for a weeks。

 They thought I had appendicitis。 after doctors carried out an internal examination。

 Tracy discovered that her pelvic region was seriously damaged。😔。

They found aacians present in the Uus， which can stick things together。

And fluid at the back of the uterus。🎼My fallopian tube was damaged， and the other one was。

 as he put it kinked。 The condition that was causing Tracy so much pain had been caused by the chlamydia bacteria spreading up into the fallopian tubes。

😔，🎼When this happens， the walls of the tubes may become inflamed and swell。

 and in the worst case the tube can become permanently blocked。

🎼This is called pelvic inflammatory disease If an egg becomes trapped in the fallopian tube an ectopic pregnancy can occur this is where the embryo tries to grow outside of the womb if the tube then ruptures it can cause a life-threning emergency It's estimated that half of ectopic pregnancies are caused by chlamydia。

🎼Tracy Glendenning has been able to have more children。

 which doctors say is nothing short of a miracle。🎼But she suffered three ectopic pregnancies and has endured pain on an almost daily basis。

🎼The pain at its worst， I would say。Is as though somebody's got a knife and they're just ragging it about you inside。

 and it's just horrific。🎼It's very easy to screen now for chlamydia。

 and the tragedy is it only requires a single dose of four tablets to give us almost 100% cure。😊。

🎼We would say to any teenagers who are worried about having acquired a sexually transmitted infection。

 they really need to be seen and checked and at the moment the best place is a GUM or sexual health clinic。

Comed yet has such a big impact on your life that I wouldn't want anybody to go through what I've gone through over the past 20 years。

 and it can be stopped。🎼The telltale symptoms are a change in vaginal discharge。

 pain having sex and bleeding between periods。 If you think you have tmidia or albeit at risk。

 then don't be scared to go and see your GP。🎼Now most women will claim they prefer to have intercourse with a well endowed man。

 but even if your partner has a small penis， you can still enjoy a great sex life。😊。

🎼According to the respected 1950s Kinsey Report， the average erect penis is 6 inches and the average girth is 4。

9 inches。😊，🎼Many men will agonize at some point in their lives about the shape and performance of their penis。

 but it seems however they shape up in the bedroom， all men are concerned with size。😊。

🎼I have a three and a half inch penis when it's erect。

🎼Lawrence Barraccl's penis has been a source of distress since early childhood。那么是。

🎼Kind of afraid to go near it really。 you know， I never touched it， never masturbated as a child。

 never touched myself， didnn't want anything to do with it at all。🎼As Lawrence reached puberty。

 his small penis became an object of ridicule in the showers at high school。

 you know the boys would you know look at each other's penises and they could have looked at mine and they all said it was really small and they all started picking on me and calling me names because I had a tiny penis。

🎼It's thought that a small penis may develop as a result of inadequate testosterone in the latter stages of feettal growth。

 although genetic makeup may also play a part。🎼For Lawrence。

 anties over the size of his penis intensified following his first sexual experience。

She put her hand down inside my trousers and touches my penis， which isn't erect。 And it's。

And obviously， it's virtually nonexistent when it's when it's not a rate and。

 and pulls a hand back out。 And And I think that's it。

 And my whole life is just going to be a series of。

Hands being put put in my pants and withdrawn extremely quickly。 And me never seeing women again。

Despite meeting his long term partner 8 years ago， Lawrence remained depressed about his penis。

 The size of my dick did become the pivotal issue in my life。 And I thought。

 I hate myself because I hate my dick。 and everyone else hates me because of my dick。

 My girlfriend doesn't like me because of my dick。😔，How am I going to deal with this。

 He considered the drastic step of undertaking penis extension surgery。

 but only a minority of men with less than a three inch penis will talk to their doctor about it。

Stretched is about 7 cent going down to the pubic bone itself。 you're up to about 10 centm。

 indicates you've got about3 cent of fat in this area。 So if we thin this out， it would。

Appear  two or three centt longer。 This little bit of skin of the scrotton can be dropped back。

 so it gives the appearance again that the penis is longer。The majority of people up here。

🎼Have a size which is stretched length， about 12 and a half centimetersimet。

 You are at the lower level of normal。 When I cancel patients for penile lengthin， and I say that。

🎼We would expect with all of the procedures to get a maximum of two centimeters。

🎼And not tell them that they can get three or four inches because those expectations can never be met you can go through the operation to increase the size by that。

🎼And that really does drive it home， that is2 centimeters is not a lot。

🎼But if you're starting with a small amount， stretch length of seven or eight centimeters and you say two centimeters increase。

 they say， well， that's another 25%。🎼Having been reassured the size of his penis falls in the average range。

 Lawrence decides not to have surgery， but he still wants to find out if his penis size is hereditary and after years of silence discovered his dad too had a small penis I had been locked up in the showers in the Welsh god at an earlier age。

🎼Guai。🎼Because the first time we embarked on the showers I was under the squad of 23 guys and some of which were。

🎼Had dons as big as donkeys， and I went in the back of the cube。

🎼Had we been able to talk then as we do now， I would have given you to the。

🎼The training manual on the art of foreplay and everything and what to do with a small will。

🎼And you know， your girlfriend， wife， or what partner would enjoy the same satisfaction。

🎼As what she would， if she had a。🎼A bloke with a1 dog。

A small penis works in exactly the same way as any other and is capable of becoming erect and ejaculating。

😊，In a loving relationship， you can enjoy good sex， whatever the size of the penis。

 it's possible to stimulate the clitoris， the vulva。🎼To get some penetration。

 you may be able to stimulate the anterior at the front wall of the vagina as well。

 but you can have tremendously exciting and enjoyable sex。😊，🎼With the support of girlfriend Nicola。

 Lawrence is finally coming to terms with having a small penis。🎼As everyone always said。

 it's what you do with it rather than how big it is。

 which I suppose then makes you're a more considerate lover could I say that men with small penises are more considerate lovers than men with 10 inch penises well？

😊，Yes。🎼If you think your man has a small penis， one sure far way to make it look bigger is for him to lose weight the more fatty tissue he's carrying around his abdomen and thighs。

 the smaller his penis will look。😊，🎼Now Hollywood sex therapist and loveologist Dr。

 Ava Call has her top tip for making a small penis reach the spot for you。😊。

🎼My top tip tonight is on small penises。 Well， gentlemen。

 I can tell you that the top2 inches of your penis is the most sensitive， especially the fulum。

 It's on the underside of the head of your penis。 And what you might be interested to know is that for a woman。

 the most sensitive part of her vagina is the first2 inches inside her vagina。

 you can even reach the g spot if you have2 inches。

 and women have complain to me that men who are very large， can actually damage their cervix。

 So you see small penises do have an advantage。 no matter what size you are。

 it's the quality that counts。 So go and have great sex and enjoy。😊，🎼After the break， for years。

 getting pregnant was thought to mark the end of your sex life for nine months。

 but now all the experts agree that not only is pregnant sex good for you and your baby。

 it could be the best sex you've ever had。😊，🎼Welcome back to a girl's guide to 21st centuryur sex。

 Are you concerned about having sex during pregnancy。 Well。

 don't be having sex when you're pregnant can be great for everybody。😊，🎼い一。

🎼Being pregnant is a life changing experience for every woman， But does life have to stop。

 Never before has it been so sexy to show off your bump， But how sexy do you actually feel。

 And is it safe to carry on having sex。 For some women。

 Pregancy can be the most sexual time of their lives。

 Pogesterone levels rise by 10 per cent and a pregnant woman generates as much oestrogen in just one day as she would normally produce over three years。

 These hormonal changes induce a sense of physical well being and an aura of tranquillity。😊。

🎼Mella and Jason have been together for six years and Mel is now seven months pregnant with their first child。

🎼The whole pregnancy。🎼Has definitely enhanced our sex life I don't know why， but I do feel sexier。

And I do feel more attractive and attractive to Jason， So is yeah。

 definitely my sex life has gone up。🎼For many women， the second trimester。

 the middle months of pregnancy are essential time， her body is changing。

 breasts are getting bigger and the growing baby pushing down on the genitals can make them more responsive。

 often enhancing orgasms。😊，🎼With the orgasms during pregnancy， they come quicker。

 I don't have to concentrate so much。 And it's like suddenly they're there。 they last longer。

 And in a way， it feels like that I'm going to heaven and back like to another world。

For some couples， however， anxieties about how sex may affect the unborn child can put them off having intercourse。

My feeling about the fetus。Knowing if we're having sex at the time is， the baby must know。

But obviously， he doesn't know what it is， but he can。 he knows there's something going on and。

Whether it feels right for him or her， people don't know。Because I'm entering Mel。 I think to myself。

 oh， let the baby can see that。See more will。 And I think hang on。 That's not right。

 The fetetus can hear。 It gives a lot of indications that it responds to stimulation。

 It can hear the sound of its mother's voice， It can probably even hear the sound of its father's voice。

 And it may be aware that something is going on in that sense。

 but it also might be affected by circulating endorphins。

 which are released by the mother during sexual intercourse during sexual arousal。

 whether the fotus has the same sense of wellbeing that the mother has in response to that。

 difficult to say。🎼Another common anxiety felt by expectant parents is that the thrusting action of intercourse could injure the feetus。

🎼In the first 12 weeks， we didn't have any sex at all。 My sex drive was high。

 but I just put it back in my head because。🎼We had a miscarriage a year before and the doctors told us not to have sex in the first trimester until we had to stand and made sure everything was al right on the hold it is perfectly safe to have sex or intercourse during the course of pregnancy throughout all stages of pregnancy The foetus is protected in an amotic sackac which acts as a cushion to protect the foetus from harm is's also in the uterus and it's in the abdomen and the sort of thrusting during sexual intercourse and likely to cause any damage to the feetus sex is a positive part of pregnancy But how'd you go about it when you're getting bigger by the day？

I think there's two positions that we more likely do now， isn't there。 There's one I'm on top。

 which I find is better for me。 I'm in more control。 I feel that the baby's okay。

 because I'm in control。And the other one is Jason Kneling and me lying on my back。

🎼Which is a really， really good one for me。 Can kiss and careesce。

 and then you can go back into that meeting and。It feels safe during that one。🎼Think spoons as well。

 It's very loving cause you're very close on your hole in each other。

🎼Sex when you're pregnant can be intense and fulfilling and certainly for Mel。

 it's been an essential part of the experience。😊，🎼I feel very safe。

🎼Having sex during pregnancy and and especially enjoy it。 It's sport is closer together。

 It's definitely more loving and intimate。 I'm planning on， yeah。

 having sex until it feels uncomfortable。😊，🎼Providing your pregnancy is going well there's absolutely nothing to fear from having penetrative sex during pregnancy in fact you can continue right up to when the waters break and if you're not too tired you can even resume your lovemaking soon after the birth。

😊，🎼Don't be alarmed if after an orgasm， your baby kicks a bit。 It's because of your pounding heart。

 not because the baby's in pain， but if you do have any problems during your pregnancy such as bleeding or if you have a history of miscarriages。

 then do check with your doctor before continuing intercourse。🎼Now。

 our mission on the Girl's Guide to 21st centuryy sex is to get you enjoying and experiencing better sex。

 We can give you all the advice and tips that you need。

 but ultimately it's up to you to express yourself and put it all into practice。

 So join us next week as we continue our journey through the facts。

 the science and the myths of human sexuality。😊，🎼，🎼Next time on a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex。

 we rotate test the position which gives you complete control and penetration， for woman on top。

🎼We reveal why men who are happy with their sex life still enjoy self stimulation and why girls shouldn't be offended by male masturbation。

😊，🎼The truth about why taking illegal drugs to enhance sexual pleasure could ruin your sex life forever。

🎼And Peronis， the shocking disease that can give your partner a bent penis and at worst can make sex impossible and may require highly invasive surgery。

