# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：真正让她愉悦的正确打开方式：2摸的四要素 + 欢愉正向反馈游戏【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

🎼Welcome back。 So if you don't work with your hand often you have to kind of train your hand to know how much pressure you apply at any given time and then fiction is how much pressure that you' applying。

 So if you apply more pressure and you moving counter of fast。

 you create a lots of fiction angle is where you applying the pressure on the very top or the very bottom which direction So when it comes to GS if your angle is a little bit off or youre trying to have penetrative sex that hits that spot you have to tilt it。

 the right tilt to position yourself and this is not all on the person who's giving the sensation is the way that you communicate with your partner that you could tell which angle feels good to you So the most important sexual relationship is the one that you have with yourself So the better that you know your body。

 the better feedback you can give your partner。 that part is the obvious one speed So you could slow it down or you can move really fast。

You could try how much pressure and how fast and if you look at your partners。

🎼And their reaction is terrible。 they're just enduring it。

 You might want to lighter like lower lower the speed or change your touch。

 Also learning on how to read body language and what feels good to people is really important。

 So if you are doing something just that you trying to touch a clip or you trying to play with the G spot and you want to look for effect on your partner。

 Now everybody experienced pleasure differently is really important for you to figure out what how your partner express pleasure。

 So when I talk to R earlier， she says she moans nonvarily verbal。

 Don't like to talk body movement and moaning。 So I gotta look for those signs with her later and make sure that I'm getting the effect。

 which is a feedback。 And also when it's not working she could tell me it doesn't feel very good。

