# 【A27】其他未分类：31、21世纪性爱指南：[21世纪性爱指南].A.Girls.Guide.To.21St.Century.Sex.5of8.TVRip.XvidDarmeth

🎼Tonight on a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex， why some couples no longer consider anal sex taboo。

🎼One of the best sexual positions for pregnant women and well endowed men， the spoons。

🎼And the sequence of tantric sex， men can have multiple orgasms too。

🎼Welcome to a Girl's guide to 21st Century S。 I'm Dr。 Katherine Hood。 And in this series。

 I've been exploring all aspects of lovemaking to improve you and your partner's performance。

 givingiv you tips， advice and new techniques to give you greater confidence to try something new。😊。

🎼Every week we'll dissect the world's favourite sexual positions and with our specially designed cameras we'll see what really happens to your body during intercourse。

😊，🎼And each week our famous sex therapist， Dr。 Ava Cadell and Lou Pagedget from Los Angeles will give you your very own personal coaching sessions on everything from teaching your partner the ultimate oral sex technique to how to help impotence。

😊，🎼On tonight's show， 10% of men experience erectile dysfunction during their lifetimes。

 we reveal the prosthetic device to give your man an erect and we take a look at the killer sexually transmitted infection that's making an astonishing comeback。

😊，🎼Now women can have more than one orgasm at a time。

 but is it possible for men to have multiple orgasms？

🎼The termtric sex passed into everyday language when Stinglet it slipped that he used the technique to enjoy seven hour sex sessions with his wife。

 Trudy Styler。🎼And now Hollywood's finest like Josh Hartni has hinted that he too has mastered the art with his current partner。

 Scarlett Johanson。🎼The male orgasm is not just about ejaculation Learn tananttric sex techniques is one way of achieving dry orgasms and multiple orgasms The biological mechanism for this exists in all men it just takes practice and a willing partner。

🎼Whenever I've had tantric sex， it's just so much more of a spiritual experience than just having straight normal sex and it just means that you get a more total body experience rather than it just being something physical Tanttric sex dates back around 5000 years。

😊，🎼It's said to be sex which involves the mind and the spirit as well as the body。

🎼Increasing the intensity of the orgasm and delaying male ejaculation。

🎼An average session can take anything from 20 minutes to9 hours。

🎼Compare setting time aside to make dinner， to prepare it， to think about buying the food。

 what you're going to have， what you're going to， who you're going to invite， the first course。

 the second course， the third course， what you're going to have with it。

 what kind of stimulation you're going to have， what kind of drinks。What're going to do afterwards。

🎼That is tantric sex and normal sex in comparison Its a TV dinner where you're putting something in a microwave。

 It's getting cooked instantly without much energy。

 go go it down your throat and then carry on wanting telly。

 The wonderful way of starting is to watch each other。

 woman would be stimulating herself in her genital air on her clitoris and the man would be stimulating himself。

 The man does not necessarily have to be erect at this time。

 But once the woman is sufficiently aroused then she would move on to the man's lap and continue from there。

😊，🎼And as the arouse intensifies， that swaying turns into rocking and the rocking turns into thrusting and so your stimulation is building and building all the time。

🎼Natashsha Valil has been practicing Ttric sex for 10 years and has now introduced her partner Lee to its benefits。

🎼It's actually a myth that sort of most people think tantric sex doesn't involve having sex and that you don't actually ever have penetrative sex and most of it is kind of like the foreplay and the touch and the gaze so you probably do about 70% of foreplay and then the actual penetration is about 30% but because there's been such a big buildup it means it's that much more intense。

😊，🎼Guys can have multiple orgasms as well， it just means that you can keep going well than just once and it's over in five minutes。

😊，🎼Male multiple orgasm is the ability to have two or more orgasms without a rest period in between For most men。

 this lies in the ability to orgasm without ejaculating。

 known as dry orgasm Studies have shown it's possible to have a full orgasm complete with rapid heart rate。

 muscle contractions and the sensation of ejaculatory release without actually ejaculating。😊。

Men orgasm in two phases， first they have an orgasm。🎼Then they have an ejaculation。

 What we're trying to do is we're trying to slice it so that they can keep having their pleasure of their orgasm。

 but not have their ejaculation。 The minute they have their ejaculation。

 it's over for him and his partner。 But he can orgasm an orgasm and orgasm。

 And one of the techniques for sustaining that is pressing on the perineum。😊。

The perineum being the ridge between where his testicles emanate from and his anus or his rectal opening。

 and that ridge that feels like a nose pressuring and pushing on that。

 pushing back against that may help him not to ejaculate。

 There are also exercises which can help men delay ejaculation， but still achieve orgasm。

He can put a scarf on the base of his penis or a wet towel once he's mastered this。

 And what he needs to do is he needs to squeeze his support muscles and his genitals。

 which are called pubbooxy Gs muscles。 We'll call them PC for short。😊，So when he squeezes。

 his erect penis will go up and down。 He must be erect to do this。

 needs to do 20 reps three times a day。 Then he can move the scarf or the wh towel to the head。

 squeezeze his PC muscle 20 times。😊，This will allow him to stay harder， longer。

 and it will help him to delay his ejaculation， but he'll still have an orgasm like a woman。

 he'll have a full body orgasm without ejaculation and once。

A man has practised enough to know where his point of no return is just before that point or even at that point is to block the ejaculation signal。

 which runs from the brain down the spinal cord into the sacrum and then forward into the gentle area。

 and he blocks it by tightening the Bassock and squeezing。The muscles of the battocks。

 really tightly。Tensing the muscles of the back， tightening the shoulders， tightening the neck。

 Pu in the chin， clamping the jaw。🎼And holding that until such time is the ejaculation signal stops。

 The orgasm signal continues。 But what happens to the woman during tantric orgasm。

 The tantra orgasm is very different to just a normal everyday orgasm。 It lasts a lot longer。

 It's deeper and it's never ending it comes throughout your whole body And it really feels like that every muscle and every bone in your body is actually coming and to the point in which I can actually pass out that the feelings just so intense that I'm just kind of lost to the world。

 iss as if I'm not actually here on this planet or a trick to tantric orgasm is that you take your mind out of your gens and put it in your head。

 And from the crown of the head， it then flows into all the meridians that run up and down through the whole being and the channel is at run round and round and round and spread through your whole body。

 does take me a while to kind of come back round and come back into the real world。

🎼We all know sex is good for the heart and mind， but any form of physical exertion carries risks。

 so you must be physically fit to attempt these marathon tantric sessions。😊，Coming up。

🎼Our next installstalment in our guide to the world's most popular sexual positions。

 It's good if you're pregnant and allows for both deep and shallow penetration。

 It's called the spoons。😊，🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st Century sex Com up。

 If your partners lost the ability to get an erection， we take a look at one cure。😊，🎼First。

 most of us have sex in only one or two positions， but there are hundreds of adventurous and imaginative positions to have intercourse with your partner。

😊，🎼Each has its own particular benefits。 For example， some are more appropriate if youre overweight。

 others more suitable if your partner has a small penis。🎼Tonight's position is called the spoons。

 It's great if you're pregnant and allows for both deep and shallow penetration。

 I should warn you that the material you're about to see is of a particularly explicit nature。😊。

🎼One of the most popular sex positions for the overweight， the elderly。

 the pregnant or even the lazy amongst us is the spoons。

 it's also widely seen as an opportunistic position it can be pised covertly and partially clothed and is therefore often the position of choice for those who get a thrill out of sex in public places。

😊，🎼One of the greatest advantages of the spoon's position is that it enables the man to whisper in the woman's ear during intercourse he can concentrate his attention on her neck and ears。

 which are both powerful eroggenous zones packed with nerve endings。😊。

Kissing behind the ear is particularly arousing。🎼Most people find that the ears are incredibly sensitive  periodically。

😊，And this is possibly because the area has an incredibly rich blood supply。

 Lots of little blood vessels go to the skin， and there's lots of nerve endings in that area as well。

😊，🎼Therefore， it's hardly surprising that stimulation of this area will provide very pleasurable。

 intense sensations。 The effects of this caressing is that both the man and the woman are now showing clear signs of arousal as blood rushes to their genital areas。

😊，🎼The penis is becoming erect， and the labia and clitoris have become engged。

 the barrel of the vagina is cod with a natural lubbricant。

🎼Blood flow to the area increases as does the heart rate。

 and the woman may be able to feel the throbbing of her heartbeat in her vagina。

🎼Here with our specially designed internal cameras。

 we can actually see the gentle undulation of a vaginal wall with each heartbeat。

🎼The body is now ready to progress to full penetative sex。

🎼As her legs remain only very slightly parted， she's able to hold the penis very tightly with her vagina to increase grip and sensation for both parties。

🎼The man will find that he has one hand free， and this can easily be used to cup and squeeze the breasts and nipples。

🎼He's also able to reach the clitoris and stimulate it simultaneously as he thrusts。

🎼When a man ejaculates， he produces on average5 mils of ejaculate。

 containing anything up to 100 million sperm。😊，🎼A lot of men find the need to sleep immediately after ejaculation is irresistible。

 often to the disma of their partner who'd prefer an intimate post coal embrace。

 but there's a scientific reason for this。😊，🎼It is thought that， first of all。

 it is a physical exertion during penetration and thrusting that it's also due to the dissipation of muscular tension。

 which suddenly goes immediately after the orgasm， and lastly。

 the role of a hormone called oxytocin from the brain from the pituitary is thought to have this sedating effect as well。

😊，Another theory behind post coal exhaustion could be oxygen deprivation This can occur in men and women alike after orgasm。

 but is there anything you can do to ward off an unwanted post coal nap？Well。

 you've got to remember that during intercourse， particularly towards the end。

 an enormous amount of energy is expended， Also requiring an enormous amount of breathing and oxygenation。

 And it's that moment afterwards。 It's a bit like having a sudden sprint and stopping。

 feeling very out of breath and out of energy and taking in some slow。

 deep breaths afterwards and just relaxing a little major help。😊。

🎼Now the inability to maintain or even get an erection can have a huge physical and psychological impact on a man。

 but there are some amazing treatments available， and in this case， one incredible solution。😊。

🎼10% of men have some form of erectile dysfunction。

 a mechanical or psychological impairment in the ability to sustain an erection。

🎼The risks increase with age from 39% at 40 to 65% over the age of 65。

🎼Poor diet or lifestyle can certainly speed up the onset。

 but many perfectly healthy men still suffer， like the world's greatest ever footballer， Pelle。😊。

People have asked me if I belong to the Liticick Brigade。🎼So yeah， weve pride。

🎼People call me can't get an out on， so what？🎼46 year old Keith Henderson started to experience erection difficulty soon after his second marriage。

🎼It got so bad with my wife that I wouldn't even sleep in the same room with her。

 I'd make excuses that I've learned to watch some on TV。

🎼I hated football but I've watched so football matches it was unbelievable I spent two years sleeping on sofa through fear of my wife wanting to get intimate with me because I know that if we did I couldn't perform Kid's problem is by no means unique。

🎼A staggering one in 10 men will experience difficulties getting an erection at some point in their lives。

When a man is 17， he can get an erection instantly， thinks about sex。

 sees someone who he thinks is sexually attractive。 The erection is there instantly。 I mean。

 it's almost a nuisance。 You can't do a thing with it。🎼When you get in your 40s and 50s。

 thinking about sex and seeing someone sexually attractive doesn't do it quite as well as it did before。

 it's more difficult to get an erection。🎼An erection is caused by a rush of blood to the penis messages are sent from the brain to stimulate nerves which allow the blood vessels and muscles in the penis to relax and let the blood flow in a number of physical and psychological problems can cause this simple process to go wrong。

🎼There's many conditions which predisspose men to develop erectile dysfunction， diabetes。

 high blood pressure， coronary heart disease， certainly。

 some forms of surgery in most circumstances erection starts in the brain。

There is a balance between inhibitory signaling and erection promoting signaling。

🎼The inhibitory signaling is doesn't look so nice， doesn't feel very nice， my back hurts。

 I can hear the children scrabbling at the bedroom door。

 fantasy that I'm going to fail memory that last time sex was a total disaster。

🎼Doctors told Keith that diabetes was causing his erection problems and to make matters worse。

 his mental health was also deteriorating。🎼Myse esteem had completely gone， my ego had gone。

 the whole point of being a man had gone， I'd go so far to say that I was suicidal。

 well I know I was suicidal。🎼Like many sufferers， Keith was eventually prescribed the drug Cs， which。

 like Viaggra， works against the brain's erection destroying inhibitors。 Saly， for Keith。

 the medication he was prescribed stopped working efficiently。

🎼So he's been forced to take a drastic step and undergo surgery in an attempt to finally resolve his erection difficulties。

🎼All I want is a normal sex life， a normal life， if this is the only way that I'm going to get it then I'm prepared to do it。

🎼If other things come long in the future and they're better than what I've got， I'll go for it。

 you never think it's going to happen to you when it did happen to me and it frightened the living daylights out of me。

🎼They tell me that when I come back from the operation I'm going to have erection for a couple of days because that's how they get it going。

 they pump it up and leave it。🎼We' see what it looks like。🎼Because at the moment。

 this is the last result Ser David Ralph is going to insert a prosthetic device into Keiths penis。

An invasive operation only offered to some men suffering with this problem。

Here are the two penile implants， which will go inside the penis。This is the。Pump。

 which will sit in the scrotum。 And so when he wishes to have an erection， he will squeeze the pump。

 and then fluid goes into the cylinders， and the penis becomes erect。So this is the reservoir。

 which will now go inside the patient's abdomen。And fluid or go from the reservoir into the cylinders。

For an erection。 and then back into the reservoir when they finished。Okay。

 so now we're going to put in the。The penile implant。that's one in。Just put the other one in。

You see the pump， which we're now going to place inside the scrotum。

So this is the penis in deflateed。 Here's the pump you can see here in my hand。

When he wishes to have sex， he dis squeezes the pump， takes about 10 to 15 pumps。

 So that's the finished result。 And then if he wants to deflate。He just squeezes that valve。

And it's delated again。And I can hang over。The end result of penile implants overall。

 about 85% of patients are very happy。They are told that the penis will not be bigger。

 It's often a misconception that have a penile implant and your penis will be bigger， that's not so。

And all a penile implant does is enable the penis to be rigid to have sexual intercourse。

 But in general， patients are extremely happy with the end results。

 So it's quite rewarding type of surgery。Three months later， and Keith's scars have healed。

 and his wife Florence is getting to grips with the new implant。Just to inflate it。

 you just locate the pump， which is just at the base of the balls。And just apply a few squeezes。

 squeeze。Squeeze。Squeeze。great。🎼But has the new device made a difference to their faltering sex life？

🎼We're more loving。🎼Woras before it was left into take medication， although it wasn't a problem。

 I think this is absolutely more spontaneous than anything else we've ever read。

 this is as near to natural as I think I can get。🎼It doesn't impede love making whatsoever。

 this is job done。🎼Dotted， tees crossed and underlined finished。

🎼No more problems as far as I'm concerned。🎼Now everyone knows the obvious journalitalerrogenous zones。

 but our bodies are full of powerful， sensitive areas that if stimulated properly could transform your lovemaking sessions Certified sex educator Lou Paget from Los Angeles has been helping couples find theirs for over 10 years。

😊，Tonight， we're going to be talking about rojaous zones。

 some of which you may not even know you already have。All of us。

 your skin being your largest sexual organ， there are parts of your body typically those that are not do Nazi sunshine as often that tend to be very sensitive Think of the small of your back that area tends to be very erotic for women and for men。

 the back of the knee， the neck。🎼The head can create and initiate orgasms that are felt as the type of。

Pelvic contractions that you would associate with a general colital stimulated orgasm。

Now one of the things that we know is that there's the standard typical erogenoussomes。

 and that's why we will often have men do what I call you know the three point test， kiss， kiss。

 kiss， tweakw， tweet， tweakwe， dipip， dipip， dip， she's ready， it makes women crazy。

It's kind of like thinking that those are the only things to look for。

The number of erogenousones a woman has really depends on her。

 there's no set number and what it also depends on her partner and how her partner touches her。

Because there are ways that some men or some partners will touch you that is hugely erotic in a way you never expected。

 Like some men could， you know do something to your shoulder or， you know， your hip。 And it's like。

 whoa， So that's arousal and aroggenous stones。 We trust you enjoyed watching and good luck in finding yours。

😊，🎼Now a sexually transmitted infection that was thought to have died out。

 but syphilis is back and it's as dangerous as ever。😊，🎼It can give you heart disease， make you blind。

 It causes genital ulcers and increases your chances of HIV transmission， but that's not all。

🎼Syphilis can drive you mad and kill you The killer disease of the 19th century is back。🎼With a 1。

000% increase in cases diagnosed over the past five years。

🎼A lot of people think that syphilis is a Victorian disease and it's gone that's been eradicated in the UK it's no longer relevant。

 but it's certainly back back of revenge venance Most people think now that it probably did come over with Columbus when he came back from the America and then to Europe and then spread from rapidly throughout Europe。

 of course in the 18th and 19th century all the romantic poets and artists they all had sylis many of them died of syphilis and the complication to syphilis For centuries there was no cure for this dreaded pox but for some unknown reason drove its victims insane Syphilis is spread from sexual contact and traditionally from unprotected sex be that vaginal or anal sex。

 but it can also be spread from oral sex。🎼Typically。

 a number of weeks after having had the contact with the bacteria。

 you develop an ulcercer in different places like in the mouth on the tongue。

 If it is a woman it can be inside the vagina in somebody who's had anal sex。

 it can be around the an margin where it can look like an anal fissure So it can look like other things。

 And because it's painless， it can often be missed in most cases。

 that ulcer so just disappears and a proportion of people don't even notice an ulcer。

 So some get an ulcer， some don't But even when if you use an ulcer， you just think， oh my God。

 what is that and then it's gone in a few weeks so it's nice to ignore it and just say oh well。

 thank God it's gone them I'm okay now。 If the initial symptoms of syphilis go untreated The bacteria can attack the body again。

🎼About three months later some people develop what we call secondary syphilis and in secondary syphilis it can sometimes cause a skin rash and typically the rash covers your body but also affects the palms of your hand and the soles of your feet the patient may complain of fevers。

 aches and pains that seem to wax and wanes that comes。

 then it goes then it comes then it goes and that can go on for up to two years that sort of secondary syphilis phase In the minority of cases if left untreated beyond this stage。

 syphilis can recur with devastating consequences。🎼And finally。

 in late stage syphilis or tertiary or quaernary syphilis。

 you develop cardiac and neurological complications。

 the cardiac complications typically involve the blood and the major blood vessel coming out of your heart。

 the aorta and it can cause a weakening of the wall of the aorta and that can balloon out forming what we call an aneurysm and obviously of an aneurysm bursts you can die because you just bleed to death In 1913。

 scientistsists were able to establish a link between the syphilis organism and insity。

🎼In early stages， syphilis can cause meningitis and inflammation of the brain lining。

🎼In later stages， it can also directly affect the white matter of the brain causing dementia。

🎼World Wars 1 and2 saw peaks in syphilis infection。

 largely because of the transient nature of wartime society。

 which changed sexual behaviour drastically。 But despite being so widespread。

 catching syphilis was deeply shameful。Well， you gave it to me。They one。Cyphilis。Filthy， dirty。

Sippls was very common until about the 1940s when penicillin was developed。😊。

That dramatically changed everything in England， of course。

 penicillin was used for treating swords throats and flu。

 so a lot of syphilis was inadvertently treated by penicillin。

 It's just incredible that a disease that had almost disappeared has now come back with a vengeance。

😊，🎼The good news is syphilis can be easily treated with antibiotic injections。

 a little uncomfortable， but nothing compared to the potential consequences if left untreated。😊。

🎼Still to come on a girl's guide to 21st century sex。

🎼The wants toboo subject that as many as 61% of women now admit to trying。

 we examine anal sex and anal forplay often known as riming。😊，🎼。

🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex。

🎼Some heterosexual couples now consider anal sex to be an alternative to theaginal intercourse。

 So why has it lost its stigma and what are the risks involved。🎼Sex by the back door， the Greek way。

 or the Italian way， these are some of the terms used to describe anal sex。😊。

🎼Made infamous by the shocking scenes with Marlon Brando in last tango in Paris in 1972。

 it has gradually lost much of its taboo status and is now considered by many couples as just one more sexual position。

 but unless you're in a stable long-ter relationship， it's high risk behaviour。

🎼Anal sex simply is a penetration of the anus， you know either with a penis or digital stimulation or another object。

 but most of the time if you talk about anal sex， I would normally imagine you were talking about。

Penetration of the anus with a penis。🎼Why do men want it。

 is it a closet gay thing or is it about domination and do women really enjoy it or are they just willing submissives？

🎼And I think what the troubles with sex is a lot of it's often difficult to differentiate between what is a sort of physical thing as that is stimulated nerves。

😊，🎼round Uranus and what's the brain thing a lot of sexes in the head and a lot of people get turned on。

 I think， by the combination of the naughtiness and the sensation。

🎼Fans of anal sex claim it's every bit as versatile as conventional sex and can be enjoyed in a wide variety of positions。

 Some of the most popular anal variations are the missionary position， the doggy position。😊。

🎼The spoons and the reverse cowg。 But what is it about the anus that makes penetration pleasurable。

 The greatest concentration of nerve endings is around the anal opening。

 but the inner of the rectal passage reacts more to pressure。😊。

The ass is one of our arogenoussomes there are thousands of nerve endings located in our butts and those arogenoussomes love to be pleasured。

 they love vibration， they love stimulation， they love massage and we think anal sex is just a part of the menu of sexual options that exist there's a slightly different experience so some men like it because it feels different。

 they may feel tighter some women may like that some women like it too they enjoy that either because of the physical stimulation or because of the associated psychological thrill as one of the advantages of it of course you don't have to worry about pregnancy and certainly it is the case that there are some use it is their method of choice for that reason Another source of pleasure for women maybe that the anal passage shares a wall of muscle with the vagina。

 which is thin enough to allow anal penetration to stimulate the vaginal walls during thrusting。

I think the three most important tips when having anal sex is to use lots of lubrication。

 know your body and be relaxed。And communicate with your partner every step of the way。

 Lubrication is vital because unlike the vagina， the anal passage doesn't produce a natural lubricant to aid penetration。

 Failure to lubricate properly can have serious consequences。The anal shincter often needs to relax。

 And if you don't use enough lubbricant or you're not used to it and if you're overexcited and the sort of the person inserting the penis is over vigorous。

 you can actually cause damage to the shincter and you can end up with problems with continenttence so people can。

 you know， become incont。 Anal sex should always be protected。

Unless you are in a long term relationship。 And you know that your plan is 100 per cent faithful。

And that is because， although the vagina。Was made to stretch and was made not to bleed。

The anus and rectum were not built in that way。 One there' trauma there and bleeding。

 the risk of HIV is。Greatly increased。So it's essential to use condoms for anal sex。

 But much of the stigma surrounding it is because it's considered unclean in terms of health concerns。

 the idea that anal sex can be dirty。 iss just not very true。 And the reality of it is。

 is that the rectum is only a conduit for our bowel movements。

 It's not where our bowel movements are stored。 That's stored in a colon。

 which is just away from where we're having anal sex。🎼If you're feeling more adventurous。

 you can indulge in a little oral stimulation， popularly known as rimming。😊。

🎼Rimming is the stimulation of the sort of anus licking around the anus essentially。

 so it's a part of oral sex if you like， but instead of。Stimulating the vagina of the clitoris。

 is's a stimulating of the。🎼Anal ringIf you've got mouth to anal contact then you've got any number of STIs that can be transmitted infections like syphilis。

 genital herpes or genital warts can all be transmitted in this way。

 occasionally the wart virus in the genital area can cause oral warts Despite the taboo and the risks involved in a Playboy survey。

 61% of women admitted to having had anal sex。Part of anal exploration is learning about the pleasure our bodies have innately in them and really learning to celebrate them and explore them having orgasms is fantastic and many women and men have orgasms to anal sex。

 but if you don't， that doesn't mean you still can enjoy the ride。

🎼Don't withdraw from the anus and then penetrate the vagina。 The gut is full of  bacteria。

 including E coli， which can spread to the bladder， giving you a painful urinary tract infection。😊。

🎼Our mission on the Girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex is to get you experiencing and enjoying better sex。

 All we can do is give you tips and advice。 Ultimately。

 it's up to you to express yourself and put it all into practice。😊。

🎼Next week on a Girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex。

 the devastating disease that can cause your vagina to close up and make sex impossible。

🎼The sexual position that employs spanking is foreplay。🎼And why3 is not always a crowd。

 we explore the thrills and dangers of the group sex scene。

