# 【A17】罗兰希：05、罗南希《前戏》：鹅毛笔.Quills.2000.720p.WEB-DL.DD5.1.H.264-btbta(1)

🎼，Dear reader。I' have a naughty little tale to tell。Plucked from the pages of history。Tarted up。

 true。🎼But guaranteed to stimulate the senses。The story of Mademoiselle Rena。

A ravishing young aristocrat。🎼Whose sexual proivities ran the gamut from Winsome to bestial。

🎼Who doesn't dream of indulging every spasm of lust？Feeding each depraved hunger。

Owing to her noble birth。Mademoiselle Rear was granted full immunity to do just that。

🎼Inflicting pain and pleasure with equal zest。🎼Until one day。

Mademoiselle found herself at the mercy of a man every bit as perverse as she。

🎼A man who skill in out of pain。🎼Exceeded her own。How easily dear reader her？

🎼One changes from predator。🎼To pray。🎼And how swiftly pleasure is taken from some。And given to麻。🎼嗯嗯嗯。

🎼い。🎼呜咕。🎼，う。嗯。Your linens， please。You line in， please。W be so。Q that。morningning。Morning。

 I'm going answer。 So on， from。No。Your lis， please。His name。Caine， the youngster went。Now hurry。Yeah。

Yeah。sThat you， Maddie。Yesまだ。Youre the dirty ones for you。Just。

Just taking the bleach ones out to dry。🎼F。🎼全动。🎼开始。やまりは。ふんふんふんふん。不送。Remember your manners。

Monssieur Masso says he'd like another manuscript quick as he please。

 He've got to three presses and you can't print him fast enough。 I'll pass word on。

 I'll pay you another visit with the share of the prophets once it's sold。I'll be waiting。

Perhaps one day tell me your name。🎼Yeah。All right， we're all clear。きて niceて。Stay from the printers。

 Justin， monkey。Justing。🎼A story concerns a him named Jaine。Ha pretty aomegas ever entered a nunerry。

With our body so firm right。 It seemed a shame to commit it to God。One morning。

 the bishop placed his hand upon her thigh。Holy Father， Christ， I've come to confess myy sins。

 not commit to anew。Keds， the old priest， turned her over on his knee and lifted her skirts high above her hips。

Exposing the pink flesh of had backside。There between the orbs of her dimpled ass lay a blushing rosebu begging to bid。

Plluucked。Before Josephine could wrestle from his grasp。

 this most ungodly man took a communion wafer， the body of our Lord Jesus Christ。

 and placed it on the girl's twitching Oifice， must I， Your Majesty。

As he loosened his manhood from beneath his robes， the bishop muttered a Latin prayer and then with a mighty thrust。

 drove it into her very entrails。The novels lewte subject matter。

Overriped style reveal it to be the work of the maed Assad。

 He composes his prose from inside a madhuse enough。She's every copy。

We'll torch them all on the P lawn in full public view。As for the author， shoot him。A note。

 of course，'m Sir。We all remember what happened to Ho Donha。

🎼Put the marquie to death and history might even regard you as a despot， but I am history。 Well。

 of course Your Majesty。Nevertheless。Cure the market。Succeed。Physicians and priests。

No one can fault Napoleon。For bringing up man。🎼To his senses。

🎼Tonight I suggest an appraisal at the asylum of Shaung and the rather notorious inmate in her care。

 I have the perfect candidate for the job， Dr。 Roy Colard， distinguished alienist。

 sotonunchly moral man of impeccable character。🎼And iron resolve。でも。

My colleagues have called me old fashioned even barbaric。Go。Here at the hotel G。

 we favor an aggressive course of treatment。I do not seek popularity or renowned Monieur Dbany。

 Min is a higher mission。To take God's tiny blunders of those he has for。

And condition them with the same force， the same rigor one would employ to train a feral dog or a wild stallion。

This may not be pretty， but it is mercy， just as own。A few more months of this and he'll be fine。

It the emperor's dearest hope that you bring your expertise， your proficiency the asylum at。

The administrator there is quite well loved， isn't he， idealist will have to be politic。

You know how I define idealism， Monsieur Dbany？Youth's final luxury。我走我。Enforce it。こや。

We mustn't just copy the words。It's important that we know what they mean。Stin。

t Augustine tells us that angels and demons walk among us on the earth。And that sometimes。

They jointly inhabit the soul of a single man。Then how can we know。Who is truly good。

And who was evil。Well we can't。All we can do is guard against our own corruption。

So you'll practice reading tonight on your own for me。And so the professor lifted column skirt。

High above her waist。Let me be your tutor， said he in the ways of love。With that， he slid her。

Till lets down， down， down over her knees and then nestled between her legs。Thats pink as the tube。

As slick as an eel。 We oughtnt to be reading his nasty stories。No one's forcing you to listen。

He gazed upon her Venus mouth。Her flaxen quim。The winking eye of God。You've been in his quarters。

 haven't you。Once or twice。A he's got a wet st and a chisel， and he uses them to sharpen his teeth。

 He's a writer， not a mad man。 What's he doing in here， then murder。😀Yeah。That's not so。

rise's book so wicked。 so black with evil that one man killed his wife after reading her and two young mothers miscarried their babies。

 I'd say that's murdering now， if you're going slander him。

Then you don't just love to hear his stories。 I feel be sweet on him。That's what I think。

 It's not the Marqui sweet on。 I it Mattline。あ。If no right， sending someone to sit on your shoulder。

I work for you。 I won't take orders from a stranger。You didn't worry发哥。It's a administrative。あも。

These don't eat the paintpascal。あ。Pro do far。It's far better to paint fires than to set them。

 isn't it。Yes。Wonderful。Fresh linens。Fresh linens。I'm hungry for a proper visit。D star， go ahead。

 You have a key。 S it through my tiny hole。Okay。Where'd you get to then。Okay？Well。Or did I fright？

Frighten me。 That's a good one。I'm twice as quick as you are。

I suppose you want to know about that silly book of yours。 What about my book。It's so devil。

Not it burning it。That's the peril of composing such incendiary prose。

If only these coins purchase your other talents。2。Something else I want from you already stolen in my heart。

As well as another prominent organ south of the equator。

Your publisher says I'm not to leave without another manuscript。Just the story。

Inspired by these various surroundings。The unhappy tale。Of a virginal lari la。

The darling of the lower wards were in tomb the criminally insane。 Is it awfully violent。

 most assuredly。Tishly so。But it comes with a price。A kiss for each page。

Must I administer them directly or might upload them。 The price my coqu is ever a bit as firm。

I想 I am。Oh， you。You talk the same as you write。啊。Mmhm。So what are we today clean on？

Both分 nightingale。There's but one kind of bird in a madhouse， Abey。 Oh， don't tell me。Aoon， sorry。

 I've heard that one before。うん。It's a long story， this one。Cimax comes at a higher cost。你把事都买了嗯。

Demand a lot from your readers。 You do。The story's thrilling conclusion comes at the premium。

S your maiden head。And then you must sew it up as tight as the day you were born。

ComBack to me renewed so I can def。Second。Some things belong on paper。Other was in life。Blessed。

 Fo can't tell the difference。Was it LeCl。You're in the nick of time。Solet forgot himself。

I was a character in one of his luty stories。Yeah小べ。

The next time you feel the urge to visit the marquis。I hope you've come to confession， instead。

G for a splash of wine， Ab。It's not even noon。Conversation， like certain portions of the anatomy。

 always runs more smoothly when it's lud。This is a rare vintage from an obscure village in Boreaux。

Rather than crush the grave underfoot， they place the fruit on the belly of a bride。

Reap its juices when the young husband steers his vessel and port。Full bodied flavor。Just a。

Hint of wanttainness。保om上。It's from our own cellar。I recognized the taste。

I should have told it was the blood of Christ。You believed that， wouldn't you。

We treat you well enough here， don't we Mark he？Your very own feather bed in Louuvre a straw mat。

 Your antique writing desk all the way from the cost。Enough quills to feather in Austria。 Yes， yes。

 yes， dear heart。 It's true。 Yous spoil me pink and in exchange。

We ask only that you follow the rules。Now he knows well， as I do。

 you not to entertain visitors near quarters。 I'm entertaining you now。

 aren't I as but I'm not a beautiful young prospect， ripe for corruption。Don't be so sure。嗯。😊。

Take your pen in hand， Maqui。Purge these wicked thoughts of yours on paper。

Maybe they'll govern you less in life。I'll fill page after page， my cherrup。I promise。我 he有搞。しゃた。

Good day。We've been expecting you。Very good。Dr。 Ecolla， welcome to Sharonton。

This may feel a little awkward， my friend。But it needn't be。

I've come merely to oversee your work here。Understood， of course， it's a formality。Julie。啊。

You' man of science， not a man of God。Sharrenton stands a prophet from us B Im said。

I shall need an office on the ground somewhere to store my things。This way。

 if you don't mind I asking。Why has the emperor taken such sudden interest in mine？And all As。

It seems a particular patient of yours。Has captured his fancy。

I understand he practices the very crimes he preaches in his fiction。Certainly not here。

They worth you。Indis in his。Anddiretions， Abbe， please。 I have read his case history。 At 16。

 he violated a serving girl with a crucifix。 After six months in a dungeon in bandend。

 he mutilated a prostitute， carving her flesh with a razor and courtuterizing the wounds with hot wax。

 I hope you judging by progress here。 No his past reputation。 I can't go on like this。

 Why should this be happening to me。Once again， gentlemen。I'm just a low cobbler。

 I have been all my life。And with this shoe， I'm asking you to be a couple's wife。

It's a dreadful play true， A festering postural on the face of literature。

My the parchment it's written upon ist worthy to wipe my ass。But you need not make it worse。

Say your lines with conviction， My habit you made。Like a true actor。 but I'm not an actor。

 I'm a dyspeive。 Just ar。He's actually made a great success of our little theatre at the southern and empty seat。

 And to mention its therapeutic value。 playing dress up with Cream sounds like a symptom of madness。

 not a cure。😊，Homopervaio， a species that thrives in captivity。 Homequi， This is Dr。 Re K。

 He's joining us here in an advisory capacity。Welcome to our humble Mount house Doctor。

 I trust to and find yourself at home。Tell me Abbe， why is he in your care and not a proper prison？

His wife's S， his wifes。Well， better to have an insane spouse than a criminal one。

And he has never once tried to escape。And none of it's neutralty。

He wouldn't lost a day on the streets without capture。Besides， every wholesome thing he might desire。

 he has a charonton me。A library filled with the world's great books， music lessons。

 watercolor exercises。 What effect have all these amenities had on his psyche。Wow。

You no longer rolls or spits。No longer come to the guards or molest his fellow wards。And his writing。

Oh yes' that。It's essential to his recovery。APgative for the toxins in his mind。

Do you favor its publication。不是。To the general public。No， certainly not。 It's unprinttable。

All France has aghasted at this book， yet you've never heard of it。Silence。

 the Marquis or Sharonton will be shut down by order of the emperor。Shut。

But he's won amongst some 200 wars。 You could try my calming chair。

Or perhaps try bleeding him with leeches。Or maybe v him at the stake。W。

 so he'll learn to fear punishment。Rather than deceive Vichy for its own rewards。道德。

Let me take up this matter with Marquis， myself。Sharontons my life not without a heart。

 but this book is a profound insult to decent people everywhere。

Can you personally guarantee that this won't happen again？You have my word。这才拜。Its embarors。

From the polling himself。I不知道。He's been slipping manuscripts to a publisher。He has。

Place my trust too care same I that。This is a complete and utter。Disappointment。Yes， it is。

Paper is cheap。 The types stood small。 What did you do。Bribe one of the gods。

But you implored me to write for curative purposes， to stave off my madness。

But you've no right to publish。Behind my back without my sanction。 Have you truly read it。

 or did you run straight away to the darky pages，Enough to discern its tenor， and。

It's not even a proper novel。It's nothing but an encyclopedia perversions。😡，Frankly。

 it even fails as in exercise in craft。 Characters are wooden， but dialogue is inane。

Notmented the endless repetition of words， like。Nipple in Pi stuff there I was taxed。

 it's true and in such puny scope。Nothing but the very worst in man's nature。

 I write of the great eternal truths that bind together all mankind， the whole world over。We eat。

 we shed， we fuck， we kill and we die， but we also fall in love。 We build cities。

 We compose symphonies， and we endure。Why not put that in your books as well。 It's a fiction。

 not a moral treatise， but isn't that the duty of art。To elevate us above the beast。

 I'd have thought that was your duty， Abbe。Not mine。One more trick like this。

Now be forced to revoke all your liberties。It's that doctor， fellow， isn't it。

He's come to usur your place here， hasn't he。 Marqui more than your writing at stake。

The ministry has threatened us with closure。 Oh， they can't be serious。

 Our future lies in the stroke of your pen。Myight dear than the swording。

Put yourself in my place of your fellow patience to consider。 If Charronton fools if。

 they've no place to go no man in which to clothe or feed themselves。 Fuck em。

 They're half wits and pinheads。 Let em die on the streets as nature intended。😡，You among them。

If ever I showed you a kind hand， Marquis。If ever I granted you walking privileges on a spring day or slipped an extra pillow beneath your door。

Haveever I shared your wine， laughed at your vulgarities or humed you with argument。

And he will oblige me now。For your sake。And for all sorrow。You have a touch of the poet， too。

Perhaps you should take up thequi。 Do I have your word， honestly。You cut me to the core。

What's the point of all of viant attempts at rehabilitation， if when I finally succumb。

 when at long last， I pledge myself to righteous conduct。You regard me with nothing but suspicion。

Have you no faith。In your own midsts。My my。A chariton。Even the walls have eyes。Don't they。Well。拜卖。

I spoke to him with reason and compassion。The tools which share was best here。He swormed obedience。

Is more than a patient doctor。The monkeyey is my friend。You keep strange company out there。

If you have the matter here truly in hand， I have， then I have a friend my out to visit。doctor。

 I've come for my bride。哦言。We've not expected you for some time。Simon is not here Come of age。

 I've taken a new post at Sharonton。 I need to suckccer only a wife can provide。Simone。

You remember Dr。 Raye Koa。I would not forget the man to whom I was promised。He's come to collect you。

Today。This minute。I apologize by myself。No time to write。🎼Be grateful child In my experience。

 poor girls were orphaned never wed， they wind up spinsters or worse still。😊，Nos， thank God。

 that fortune has spared you from such a fate。Biceceman。God bless you， sir man。おま。

The emperor wishes to ensure your comfort while at Shaton。Se out the Chaau of gift。

Provided you're willing to finance the necessary repairs。

Monssieur Poy Sir is the course's most promising young architect。Is that your disposal？Of course。

 the place hasn't been occupied since the tellor。It has possibilities， yes。什么。看。To live here。

🎼Belongmed to ative loungeie of monarchists。 The Jacobs were nursed。Unforg me。

 His wife tried to scrape。They caught her here on the stairs。St about it with balance。

but for the grace of God，I shed no tears for the past Miss Albany， I looked。the future。

Monssieur Briy。We should qua fresh marble， don't you think？You must humor my wife in all things。

 If she wants Phetian glass， it shall have it。 Italian tiles， Dutch velvet， spare no expense。

But in her bedroom。See to it。The door locks from the outside， and on her windows are iron grs。

Buzz sir。In the convent， Simon was spared the world's temptations。

I will not allow her to fall prey to them now。She is a rapper。I tend to keep engaged。

Perhaps the sisters。Failed。全奇凤9。In the ways of marriage。Nightly duty。不好思。あ。嗯。No， it's a scandal。

 truly。 was a doctor pretending to be a godfeing man。 And that's not all。

 He's far too old to marry and though she's far too young。

 who even finished her schooling and whisked away with barely。だろうザ。The sweet little。That 60。I see。

She君 youngerが。And and me。🎼She's美。🎼我 tell明白。She can。雪袜子。In acro。🎼张美毛。to bother。🎼犯子。E acrite。

🎼This is all the makings of a fce。응 응。🎼They coolier you rascal。

 Your comedies are becoming quite the rage。 I' have to claw my way to a ticket。

 expert act a charming young man in last week's comedy。 I had no idea he was an imbecile。

Everyone has talents if we look。 Yes， yes， I'm sure。Isn't that the you doctor Ha's thrill for you。

 a renowned expert right here the channel top indeed。I will say one came for him。

 He is a beautiful daughter，🎼this。🎼ちょとすにく。🎼，Oh， enough of this billwaer。We're better than this。

Remember， gentlemen， inside each of you。Delicate minds， your distinctive bodies。

Art is waiting to be born。So let's give the doctor a performance tonight。

🎼I hope he'll remember forever。🎼idea。🎼はい。🎼Yeah。🎼，🎼，🎼That the damn ocean。🎼I。🎼And of course。

 in front of him the Marqui's wife。Indeed。Yeah。🎼你经嘅睇。🎼开什么给你。You。O wind。来家。And the sure。

There's been a change in tonight's program。We will not be performing the happy Schummaker。Instead。

 we'd like to premiere a new play in honor of the newly appointed Dr。 Roy Colla and his lovely bride。

😊，👏A comma day， entitled。Crimes of love。The crimes of love written by one of Sharonton's very old words。

The marquie decide。🎼So。ここ。Okay。🎼，🎼The。🎼嗯。🎼嘿吧。🎼Oh。🎼呼不。🎼Yeah。🎼回矩 that that加。🎼还。🎼嗯行。🎼The。🎼。

🎼Sister sentphon， whether do we go passing over rivers， canyons and snow。 Harry， Eugenie。

 for we must not tarry。 I deliver you now to the man you shall marry。

🎼When you have rested at your leisure， he will coach you in the ways of pleasure。😡，At last。

 she arrives， my hard won bride。🎼Hurry， my child。 and scurry inside。

🎼There you'll find such treasures await you， Marzipan and moranang to sa you。

 such gallantry in men is sadly a rarity how lucky I am to receive his charity。😡，🎼Thank you。

 dear sister， for abetting me so bringing her。Thislude quiet。

Little does she know that terrors in store when I tutor her in Lequi de La。🎼不。🎼。🎼在那草里头开着。🎼to。🎼对。🎼て。

🎼我们。🎼My cycling out of your clothes， my sector awakes， how solid it grow Stop it。

 I beg you have pity I say you're not my lover， you're a monstrous Ru do as your toe。😡。

ick your in the air just do as I。张。아。That's true， I'm a pig。And you've truffles down there！Oh God。

 what's this such a wicked sensation a feeling somewhere between shame and elation？

🎼Use your tongue like a wand in much of the same manner her sister so far leaving already。

 Of course you've seen it all before。Yeahは。🎼I had a suspicion the sister was sappic。 I tell you more。

 but it's simply too graphic。 Suffice it to say she's in preference for glasses。

 even at Veespa she way to make passes。🎼My darling eugenie， dainty morsel， get on your back。

 let's try it doawsome。😡，to take me in every way。 I'll plunder every lovely paw until you're weak and cry。

 No more， No more， more。没。🎼I。From behind。い。When you saw them too。

 when you broken in every other taboo。🎼Enries the slippery hollow if you're alig。人。🎼よし。🎼いつ在。

🎼ation用输也输。🎼Let货真差。🎼I才。🎼Purity。🎼Acurity。🎼我。It's working and swoen。To。🎼When it expose。

🎼Green are no longer。🎼Juliet。Take them to the family。Yeah。

Ha he heard you his breath made my eyes run that。It's。来这边。Do you mean to take us all down with you。

Don be absurd。It's only a play。🎼I wonder。🎼The author or his new。Yeah。🎼His was fiction， of course。

 Of course， It was not inspired by circumstance。 No， it certainly was not。

 You ought to be ashamed of it exploiting these pathetic crs for financial gain。

🎼This is not our intention。 It was a freak show for tourists and curiosity seekers。

 Shanng is a sanatorium not a ci。 The theatre is henceforth closed。😡，And as for your friend。

 play like aeritus of the madhouse。 I' do everything in my power。

Do more or I shall be forced to inform the ministry that the inmates are indeed running the asylum。😡。

嗯嗯。嗯，拜拜。Hope you' all satisfied。He shut down our theatre。You count't do that to me。

Can one man be so selfish。We merely held up a mirror， apparently he didn't like what to saw。

What the demo you' doing with my quilt if you won't be due to your worth and you' left me no choice。

 but I got my promise。 I didn't publish。Ill keep， perhaps in time， you can earn them back。You can't。

I've all the demons of hell in my head。 My only salvation is to vent them on paper。

We try reading for a change。 The writer who produces more than he reads。The so mark of an amateur。

Here。Stop at the bathroom。It's Cheria。And more artly written of this monstrous scar of yours。

He strung up his very own son， like a side of veal。I shudder think what he do to me。

Why are you doing this to me？这块钱。大。I've no company but the characters I create。Hlls in Pedest。

You better off without without them。I have a proposition。You always do。Madeline。She's beoted with me。

 She'd do anything。 I asked。 She could pay you a midnight visit。I don't know who you insultmore。

Her o part the gates of heaven， as it were。 That What a tense darling you could do with a long。

 slow screw。Good night。And bugham me！Got damn you， have' they？

Have you a few sense of my condition of its gravity。

My writing isn' voluntary like a beating of my heart。My constant erection。

I've done just as you bad man。I've paid a visit to the craftsman。He laughed and called me a hall。

Took my money。 just the same。I don't know。 which gives you greater pleasure。 The objects themselves。

Will the humiliation I your procuring them on your behalf。And last， but not least。

I brought you some androps。And some chocolate pastil。这是哪么的。They're filled with cream。You know。

 I sha't touch them unless then positively。真し的。Arap。With cream。

What else have you brought that I might nibble upon。嗯。看到没？What are the little treats。Fuckightォ们！

Bun buns！Am I just sitting going myself on useless trifles。

 sucking on your little sweetmeats when what I truly require what I truly need are few quill pens？😡。

Perhaps， a part。Give me I。这出死。I've been raped。Far more courageously than any of my wretched characters。

 how was I to numb。 How was I to tell by writing a lesson。Whatatch my as time bride。As your wife。

 your only ally， you must stop making such a monstrous spectacle of yourself。

 You have come tolect to me to flaunt your deviance in public upon a stage。

 Theyve put you light to this， haven't I， She called the doctor's favor， not his contempt。

 The doctor。 I ought to carve my name into his backside and fill a wounds with salt。You here。Safe。

Surrounded by brick and。My prison is far cool。 It has no walk。Everywhere I go。

 they point and whisper。Had the opera they hissed me when I take my box when I went to churchps。

 the priest refused to even hear my confession。 he said that I was already damned。

 Why must I suffer for your sins，'s the way of all martyrs， isn't it。😡，Give me back my anonymity。

 That's all I ask。 Let me be invisible again。 Tell me， Tell me。

Have you ever done anything to secure my release。 No。

 have you petition the courts never So audience with the emperor。 Can I he refuses to see me。

 It's a convenience， isn't it having your husband locked away。 You know I left hold tongue。

 your skirt or crack your mouth so I can put it to It's one pleasurable use。 You're not my wife。 No。

 You're right among my many chair。 I good name Take this cow。 I can't lock it up。😡。

Perhaps don't you'll find a place where her in the West swing A， I like the asters。

Lung her up as well so she knows how it feels。ラか海。来烧。🎼嗯。For a woman of humble origin。

 your wife certainly has refined tastes。When I suggest granite for the foyage。

 she's quick to counter with Peruvian marble。Peruvian marble it costs a fortune to import whatever her heart desires must she prevail。

I would like nothing better than to grant her every wish， Sir。But on the modest sum。

 you haveccorded me， I'm an architect。老这么就行。I must see the doctor。It's a matter of di， urgency。

It is customary to write and request an appointment。

 Desperation has driven me past etiquette all the way to frenzy。

 My schedule is not subject to the whim of lunatics。The de doctor。You work in a mad house。

Your every waking moment is governed by the insane。I pray you be succeed。You're new to Shaton yes。

Perhaps you're not yet familiar with my husband， in his unusual case。With all due respect， madam。

O France is familiar with your husband。Would you grant me a moment alone， please， Mishop。Happily。

 Sir。 Your servants Sir。Gentlemen。卖的吗？Good morning， Mad。

 I assume you come here to plead for clemency on your husband's behalf。OhYou do， do you。

It's my dearest hope， Doctor， that he remain entombed forever。 and that when at last。

 he perishes in the dank bowels of your institution that he be left as carrying for the rodents and the worms。

I stand corrected， madam。If you can't cure him。Truly kill him。I beg you。

Haronnest the beast that rages in his soul。That is not easily done， madam。You are aware， are you not。

 that it costs a great deal to has your husband at Charinton。

 I pay his stipend every month far more dutifully than I should。

 that barely covers the cost of his room。With Na a Penny left over for appropriate treatments。

Oist quell his temper。Restraints to chasten him when he misbehaves。Perhaps。

If you could buttress your entreaties with the means to oblige them。 I'm not a wealthy woman。

You have a pension， haven't you？From the sale of his books。Sinted money， doctor。

What a beautiful thought， Marquis。 What thought is that that the ill gotten funds born of his degeneracy。

Might now affect。His salvation。Pverity。honor should carry a price tag。Imagine。All friends。

🎼Daning to kiss your head。K。Enchaned to see you。Welcome back from your long。

 dark descent into the abyss of infamy。Don't toy with me， doctor。

Now is the time to secure your epitaph。The benevolent marquis。Sharronton's most revered。

🎼Pillanthropist。Or Satan's sp。Rest assured marquis。

 your generosity will speed your husband ever faster towards a cure the Peruvian novel with that question。

I am eternally in your debt。And I am yours， monkeys。But can I impart to you his cruelest trick。

Of course。Once long ago。In the folly of youth。He made me love him。Yeah。my水。Aこ and some in。Yeah。

The doctors got is a a new job。😰，🎼うううふうう。嗯 응 응 응 응。嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯。嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯。嗯嗯嗯嗯嗯。

Doctor Montellipe was politely put diminutive。 When flaccid。

 his member was little more than a bobbin and when inflamed， a towerd mere 4 inches。To compensate。

 he strove to impress his lady love with a host of other endowments。Fine wine。

 fresh game and a house as large as his other fortunes were small。

We've sealing beams on route from Pravas。And next week。A muralist from Paris arrives。

To pay the Trump Loy。In the ballroom。Doesn't that please you？Very much。

I would prefer Brandy in the salon。Where we can sit， side by side。F the fire。I'd rather read。

 Thank you。You prefer a book to your husband's company。Well， I wonder。I'm only flesh and blood。

That's no match， Is it for the printed page。嗯。Good evening， then。Enjoy your solitude。Yulaans。Now。

 or never。陪婆俩。Well， if you won' read to your own mother。Perhaps you want not to be ready at at all。

It's not your cup of tea， mother。We'll go on down and give it a read。嗯。嗯。

Monssieur Bulois was a man whose erotic appetites might discreetly be described as。Post morortem。

A habituary of cemeteries。His proudest conquest wasid six decades。 His senior。

 deceased a dozen years。That's terrible， Oh that's too， too terrible。Go on。

The figure with which he made love。Caused her bones to dislodge。Still。

He granted her the highest compliment he accorded any woman。Yes。Well worth the dig。😀はははは。😊，うんふんふんふん。

You ask my name once。It's Madeleline。Sweet then。Like the pastry。Haven't you a name yourself。

Rightide away with me someday。Perhaps， I'll tell you。🎼ものの言は。🎼すぬバえも。🎼骨痛我。

Your mother may be as blind as a bat， but you have a keen pair of eyes have' you。

My mother is blind on account of the lie in the laundry kettles。

Soaking sheet for lunatics has caused this woman her sight。This would cost her far more。

 You get more from her with kindness What could cause a tinture like this？I'm only a launddress。

 not a detective。 Now we' not the time to。 Perhaps your kettles are stained with rust。

 or maybe the lie is rancid， or maybe。🎼Just maybe these sheets once belong to our friend the Marquis。

We've over 200 beds。There could have been anybody with such a fine strip cap decorated in his very own script。

She's lying， it shows in her face。Clearing everything up there。Oh done sir。 remember anything。

 anything you could fashion has a quill。 S room strip fair。 the doctor cracks his whip。 You dance't。

Am I be gone。 Am I to freeze to death。 Come on， Take us look。So， that's a Turkishish weave。

 You've idiot cost more than you earn in a lifetime。 The call his chair。翻。Take。Takettle。

And this careful， it's slippery。 You' have no idea where it's been。Un let's not forget man。

 sweet marry the god entire religion built on an oxymo of all his wine。

From'm now on nothing but water， it's every meal。What。😡，And don mi shall be deboned。

 Why this sudden torch， Because your writing continues unchecked。 I didn't create this organization。

 I only recorded it。 It's hard as perhaps。His darkest nightmares And to what end。

 Nothing but your own mor gratification。 No， I write what I see the endless procession of the guillotine。

 where all lined up waitingaving for a crunch of the blade。😊。

The rivers of blood are flowing beneath our feet， Abey。I've been to hell， young man。

You've only read about it。I'm sorry lucky。就对。These trust hours of yours how strict to。

Suppose you will be put the。Yeah。Passible。Add to adversity， the artist flourishes。Fach dry， finish。

Cur， aren't you。If I can pleasure myself。I can flash you too。You don't know what you're missing。

 darling。やまし。I'm in search of a book。Perhaps you know it。Oh你 got one copy left。Let's get it myself。

他的办法。Please， hurry。My husband locks the door at dusk。Sweet little thing like you。

Shouldn't be reading such fil anyway。I grew up in a convent Sir。Everything I know in the world。

 I owe to books。🎼To the young maidens of the world。

 restre yourselves free from the tyranny of virtue and taste without shame。

 the pleasures of the flesh。🎼Merle power lies in the clench of a fist。

 but a woman's power lies elsewhere。🎼In a velvet cavity betwixt her thighs。🎼It's late amongling。

Put your poems aside。mm。M。嗯。啊。Yeah。Oh。Breakfast。I be you。せゃ汁。都 just是。So okay。So me leave even I。

Describe them。じベには。You'll throw caution aside。これ。I don't there don't be a dump shot of a surprise for you open the frame door。

My newest。It starts at my left cuff。Un continuoust。Right across my back。

Longest sentence you notice runs the entire length of my。And。All completes itself。

At the base of my right shoe。ああ。Bike's tough。Thank it don。100 un holy tons。😮，Yes， you're genius， yes。

更 quickly。So wont be blamed for my misbeair。M蹄。You traffic with the devil。

 You'll pay the devil's price， sorry。What I've brought you my darling。2 chapter， one through。ははは。😊。

Take this beast back to his cave。😡，都成了。You've come to read my trousers。

But please don't keep me in suspense， what will it be 50 lashes， a night on the rack。I won't。Sally。

With himNo showed you。That's the first rule of politics， isn't it。

 The man who orders the execution never drops the blade。😡，You're fortunate it fall me to punish you。

 If it worked to the doctor， you'd beflated alive。 Well， the doctor is a man after my own heart。

What't God's anything you want to do with you the more I forbid， the more you're provoked？Striip。

Briches as well。You started this little game。You finish it。haven you the courage。I thought not。

It's a potent。Aphrodiiaac。Isn't it。Having thought。Over another man。You're awake。

You'll no longer spread your onsidious gospel。From now on。

 you will not even write your own ignominious name。Are your convictions so fragile？

They cannot stand in opposition to mine。I your God so flimsy， so weak。For shame。

Don't flat to yourself， Marquis。And not the antichrist。

Nothing but a Malcolm tent who knows how to spell。I saw it with my own eyes。

 she put the king the latch just as proud as she please。嗯。跪上。Leave her duly strongung。Mdy。省你不来着。

Willll appease you。Then check mine。No。Go on。Now。That would't be necessary。

If you're going to martyr yourself， Ibe。Do it for God。Not a chamber made。う。

Now put your clothes back on。Had I known your taste and novels。I never would have taught you to read。

Don't say。Readeting is my salvation。Why must you indulge in his pornography？

It's a hard day's wage to slave and wife for madmen。What I've seen in life。

Takes a lot to have my interest。I put myself in his stories。I play the parts。Each strumpet。

 each murderous。If I wasn't such a bad woman on the page。

And I said I couldn't be such a good woman in life。This is no place for a child like you。

I'm sending you away from you。🎼And then we take the。🎼谂て。でした。St。I refuse。

We could line the walls with Chinese silks。Or if you prefer。Florlorentines tapestry。

Are you a luxury man。Excuse me。I do so admire men with an appetite for。Books。没上吧。不客气。

Have you actually read this volume？I've memorized it。There comes a time in a young lady's life。

When she must cast books aside。And learn from experience。That， monsieur。Requires a teach。Right。我他师活れ。

不算。啊呸。Don't send me away up。 Thank you。I shouldn't refuse your kindness。But my hearts held fast here。

Byho。The monkeykey。Mother's not half so blind as you。Oh， madine。The research。We must not voice。

Why not。The I just do it。不好意思。We should not。嗯。Yeah。Go back to home quickly。

You'll hate me not work you。As a child of God。Yeah。Forgive me。快递。

You don't fear the Marquis way on me。Fay your run。If you've grant me a final favor。

 I'd like thes chance to explain myself。Don't come any closer rabbit。God's watching。啊，对。

Most esteemed Doctor。 Ro Col。At long last， your shadow is complete。

You will find everything in its assigned place。The chintz draberies， the English bell poles。

 even the ivory doortops。Only one detail is missing。嗯好。啊。You wife。Tell him。 I no fool。

A prison is still a prison， even with Chinese silks and chandeliers。 By the time you read this。

Willll be long gone。Bound for England。Or point for beyond。Tell him if he discovers our whereabouts。

 you'll slit your wrists with a razor and I'll plunge your happy。You do that。

🎼Rather than forsake our love。No。But tell him， I would。Quickly。And you can raish。

On linens for which he so dearly paid。Thank you。On the bare skin rug in his study。And finally。

 as a crowning gesture。🎼We'll leave puddles of。🎼Buvian marble。🎼什么。じ。しtop。I write  ten stories。すは中。

Chilren子。しかまれ。下去出是。Like me that。Look your solids burn， straining your trousers。真是。SoRighteous fuck。

The longer you continue your vexations， the deeper you root my principles。Have't you seen。阿慢。

Ned before。They are被 sending咩 way。Of course it is。まけ。Tell me one last story。

How do you propose I do that？With dust upon the air。Whispering to me now。Jod。

 that's far too dangerous。I may never see you again。

Let me transcribe it for you something to remember you by。This is not the time。Not the place。

We've lost。Never thought I'd see you。There are thousands of stories I would daily have to tell。

Perhaps， I can。place yourself in there in pan with a bottle of anything to go out。

And then you shall have a story。They will make the angel sweep。And the sense of gasp。谁呀？找饭。Go。要饭。对。

 are you ready。Are you ready？タ you？And who else would it be？Have you letter at the others。那有两个人。

I work to discover I。Into a sparrow。W is that sir Will I aw to discover I turned into a cat。

 And if you don't do as I say， I'll sing my little fangs into your drumsticks and suck the  marrow straight out of your bones。

 Have you got that little bird？At your service。To my beloved reader。

Prepare yourself for the most impure air ever to spring。From the mind of man。Of your home。快放。

To my beloved reader。Ppa yourself for the most impure tale ever told。To my beloved reader。

Prepare yourself for an impure tale。Y。不笑。To my beloved reader。Pay yourself， I've an impure tale to。

Prepare yourself。The shown。Prepare yourself。I've a tale。Animp tale。

Our story concerns the prostitute functional。A nature had equipped。Tight。

Diny fier between her thighs。The most。By。Ever moed by the hand of God。

Tuchamp was a prostitute with a tight。Downy Fer between her thighs。And。The most finely cleft o。

But most finally。Glorious。Those filter through the minds of insane。🎼And as they might improve it。

Ss about hart named hart。🎼And for。One day， F's first client。Was a surgeon。There was a crime。の使これのパ。

Ran his fingers across her naked skill。他的个。Ski。🎼Putting at her fold。

🎼And ran his fingers over a naked skin， hering over her naked skin。A naked。しけだ。Maybe， yes。

 I'll go that bed。What should I make ready， askeded Fachamp， my mouth， my horse。Oh my succulent boys。

What shall I make ready， My eyes are my succulent oyster？None cried the surgeon。

 brandished in his sl。Yes whichhi hole？哎呀。Iさ you。し。Scculent oysterovve。

 new artifices where there were none before。H cried the surgeon。New are emphasisphesus。

Where there were none before with that。Fil expelled her scream so extravagantly pitched that the surgeon was obliged to tear out her tongue。

风 shall explain。Extravagant pitch。 with that， The extravagant bit screamed so loud。

 She screamed so loud and so loud。He screamed， so he felt he should。哦。He took a poker from afar。

A tongue。He took a poker from the fire！From the fire。He took a poker from the fire。From the fire。再呀。

He took a pokeer from the fire。🎼小陈。That's an expert。🎼Tell me the words。晚。🎼小三。I next bit。ば。

🎼must tell me you about。中。🎼We the patient。我さ。不行。부셔？🎼那里 you那里悲伤。Yeah。很来。🎼N地。🎼こんな邪ボさんでし。た。高。あれ。あほ。Yeah。

おらね。We must say a sha。Teacher can go。We got。🎼什鬼。く。Yeah。🎼。那。靠。大是。感じ。🎼放近。不社会。I'm sorry， El。🎼まか。🎼这。うんん。

Oh。Madeline。No。てるしし。Now， now， Don't be shy。We've an eye surprise just waiting for you。

He's a good boy。There's a good boy。喂い。ButI promise I won to do it again。Of course。

 we mustn't blame Bouchamp， he is merely one of nature's experiments on ary。No discipline。

 no conscience， no morality。In fact， it is our duty。To provide such things on his behalf。Is it not？

As you say， doctor。He was so impressed by the Marquis tale that he chose to reenact it。

While a certain chambermate。Perhaps you will be so kind as to remind me of her name。Okay。

Don't make a say。 A name， Abbe。问。Tell me， Abbe。When you are called before God。How will you answer？In。

あ这个。No words。Your words drove was shown of the fuck take。

S' one of your precious imagemate to temperature to work on water and drown。

Would you condemn the Bible？I think not。An innocent child is dead。So many authors are denied。

cation of。Response to their work。Am I not？It's no secret that you loved her I wanted to fuck。

 that's all。It's not your promise to ask。Why was it never took her by force Mr。

 didn not was it imp never。I fucked her countless times。And all the while。lea人。She doesnt fu。Good怕。

Proper barrier。And全这。早すま。Do not in。A sweet body。In the same。This's the devil you inhabit inhabit。

Your terrible secret reveal。You're a man， after all。I've opium and numb the pain。

Our intention here is punitive。If we numb the pain， what's the point。めルごめ。

Or that I was so easily silenced。Hes a good。ああ。哎呀。いや。あ。I am my。Have exceeded my expectations。办法啊。

Im not the first man God has asked to shed blood in his name。with the last。

And will you sleep soundly tonight？No sir。Andly put。I never expect to sleep again。🎼躺在门外。阿贝。阿贝。I。宝贝。

安べ。🎼他不。嗯。You must come quick， I be。He's written all over the walls。有这种 false。

Man him of the kind of paint。earGo。Yes。And。もしどだしちゃ。I must go to his lost right。Give me your dagger。

リファス？不好。I failed to save you soul。I won't fail in death。Dear heavenly father。

Prove your infinite mercy。And there have been no kids to this man。No less。Any each of us。啥级品。

And such abomination。Name happinessness accept。Forgive him。🎼嫁给了所。The cross。冇切。Okay。Yeah。No。

Welcome to Sharaton Abo de Mopar。 I'm pleased to have the new posts， Sir。Are you。

I'm afraid our endowment has struggledrid to a mere pittance。We are the laughing stuff of all fronts。

However。On a happier note， the hospital is now in my so mile。

My policy here is that each man must earn his keep。The Sheronton press E。

🎼We produce books for the discriminating collector。The compulsive inmates set the type。

The listless ones do the binding and prepare the ink。It's remarkable Doctor。

The patients are so subdued， so docile， Yes， they are at peace。They have dissatisfaction。

That only a hard day's labor。🎼不 don't been it。🎼The Marquises Sag， be actually publishing his novels。

Ever since his unfortunate death has been a surge of interest in his works。Of course。

I will use the prophets to restore Shariton to its form of glory。Oh， doctor。

🎼We have a meeting with her Becker at 4 o'clock。 He wants to publish a Swiss edition on gilded paper。

 bound in calfskin。Thank you， Charlotte。My pleasure。Have a look at page 20 5。

I took the corner to that。感个。🎼아要吗。🎼We are getting books on board。Movie show。来了我们。Next week。Of course。

 everything is not quite as harmonious as it seems。I hope you have a strong constitution。 My years。

 tendending leopard and Sanilion steeled me the life's grizzliest offerings， doctor。

We still have a few loan incurables。To violence， to perversion。So。You're my success or yeah。

🎼Successession。Listen to me。Listen well。I've sta。And I've lived T ate。Now， I peg you。For your sake。

Let me write it down。 Jubish， my friend， he rans and he rave。

 if you've announced of Christian charity， then you'll bring me parment in。You'll do no such thing。

 This patient poses a grave danger to himself and to others。ああ。あ。🎼啊。嗯。Youre right， Sir。🎼就没吃药。S面。

Are beyond retention。对置。立下。Please bring me quilt。🎼哎。不钱。I'm sorry。Goたミまくれよ。Using web。

You owe were that。嗯，嗯。嗯。啊。Beloveed reader。I leave you now with a tail penned by the A de Cuer。

A man who found freedom。And the unlikelliest of places。At the bottom of an inkwell。

On the tip of a quill。うんうん。However， be for warned。Its plot is bloodserv。

Its characters depraved and its themes。Unwholesome at best。But in order to know virtuetu。

We must acquaint ourselves with vice。Only then can we know the full measure of man。S come。I dare you。

On the page。🎼啦啦啦啦。