# 【A03】【言爱社】：06、艳舞私房课：艳舞花招私房课：四.舞蹈难度：高级：20.舞娘级伸展水蛇舞+慢动作分解【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

🎼Here is an advanced level routine that requires a little more flexibility。 Don't be afraid。

 everyone can master this one with a little practice and with the help of our stretching exercises at the end of this programme。

😊，Before doing this routine， make sure to do some warm up exercises。🎼，🎼，🎼Yeah。🎼，🎼，🎼，🎼呀。🎼咿呀。🎼，🎼一呀。🎼。

🎼咿呀。🎼，🎼，🎼，🎼う。🎼う。🎼Yeah。🎼Let's break it down step by step。

 Sit at the end of the couch with your legs crossed and your toes pointed。

 Slideide your hand down and up your legs slowly。😊。

Stand up on the couch and rotate your hip and chest。Your couch is of course， different than ours。

 so you can adapt the moves to your setting。For these steps。

 you can stand against the wall or you can stay on the couch standing up。🎼Yeah。

🎼Sit down on the back of the couch。 Make sure it is safe and stable enough to do this。

 stretchtch1 leg back， To his shoulder and lean back， dropping your head down。

 Get back up and sit down on your feet。 Drop your head forward and throw it back。

 Make sure your hair is loose for this move。😊，🎼Momove closer to him and lay down on his lap。

 Arching your back。 Thr your legs and hips up and bring them down on the other side of your partner。

 You can see it is a little difficult to keep your balance， but the move looks great anyway。😊。

Stand up and turn around gracefullyly。Then walk up to him and squt down while circling your hips。

Hold his knees for balance。Get on your knees and lean back， dropping your head back。

🎼Give this if you have any back or neck problems。Get back up and do body ways while playing with your hair。

🎼Get up and turn around and keep doing body waves while looking back at him。

Sit down next to him and throw your legs on his lap。

 then slide them down while arching your back and using your hands for support。

🎼Wave your hair and touch him playfullyfully。Get on his lap facing him and lean back。

Dropping your head down。Sip this if you have any back or neck issues or feel uncomfortable。

🎼Get back up and with some body waves， get off his lap and sit next to him。

🎼Do a forward body wave close to his face to let him feel you。 Then a couple sideways。🎼你。

🎼Touch him and with more body waves， get up and sit down next to him on the other side。🎼啦。

Slide your hand down his body。🎼Let's repeat the full routine a little faster， ready。🎼，🎼，🎼The。🎼Yeah。

🎼咿呀。🎼，🎼一。🎼，🎼不。🎼咿呀咿。🎼ほら。🎼Yeah。🎼The。🎼The。🎼う。🎼The。🎼，🎼The。🎼，🎼，🎼，🎼。

