# 【A03】【言爱社】：06、艳舞私房课：艳舞花招私房课：四.舞蹈难度：高级：22.快节奏身体波浪舞 +慢动作分解【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

The last routine in this program is an advanced level routine， it also requires some flexibility。

 but it is still accessible to anyone with just a little practice。Here is a step by step breakdown。

Walk up to your partner， use one of the sexy walk options shown in our basic Mo chapter。

🎼Touch your partner playfully。 We use the hat here， but you can use whatever props you like。

🎼Continue with some body waves。 Those have been explained in the basic Mo Cha 2。

 Squaat down in front of him， knees wide apart and keep doing hip and chest circles。

 body waves and head waves。🎼Putuch your partner and get up slowly。

Circle your hips while doing sidestep and back steps。

🎼Move your arms up and to the sides to add more volume to your dancem。

Yet behind your partner and touch his arms and shoulders。

Stand next to him and lean backwards as much as you can to see his face。

🎼Step back and keep circling your hips as you walk in front of him。

🎼Bring your leg up and carry it above your partner's head。

 This move requires strong and flexible legs。 Continue with some body waves。

 These are one of the core lap dance moves。 So there is never too much practice。

 Add some hip surface and head waves。😊，Move your hands up for a sexier view of your body。

🎼Get on your knees again and keep doing those sexy body waves。 Men could stare at those forever。

🎼Lift your hips up and bend backwards as much as comfortable for you。 Again。

 be very careful with your back。Get up and never stop moving your body。

🎼Beckon with your fingers and walk away， showing your sexy hips。Now。

 let's do the whole routine a little faster。