# 【A27】其他未分类：45、第四套，科教教程：新婚：选修课程：加深理解：爱可不知的十点_标清【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Yeah。All right。I'm going to show you a couple of images from a very diverting paper in the Journal of ultralsound in Medicine。

 I'm going to go way out on a limb and say that it is the most diverting paper ever published in the Journal of ultraltrasound in Medicine。

 the title is observationsations of Inutero Masturbation。😡。

Okay now on the left you can see the hand that's the big arrow and the penis on the right。

 the hand hovering and over here we have in the words of radiologist Israel Meisner。

 the hand grasping the penis in a fashion resembling masturbation movement fair minus was an ultrasound so it would have been a moving images and orgasm is a reflex of the autonomic nervous system now this is the part of the nervous system that deals with the things that we don't consciously control like digestion。

 heart rate and sexual aal and the orgasm reflex can be triggered by a surprisingly broad range of input。

Gital stimulation duh， but also Kinsey interviewed a woman who could be brought to orgasm by having someone stroke her eyebrow。

😊，People with spinal cord injuries like paraplegia， quadriplegias will often develop a very。

 very sensitive area right above the level of their injury wherever that is。

 there's such a thing as a knee orgasm in the literature。

 I think the most curious one that I came across it was a case report of a woman who had an orgasm every time she brushed her teeth。

真的是不是。😊，Something in the complex。Sensory motor action of brushing her teeth was triggering orgasm and she went to a neurologist who was fascinated and know he checked to see if there was something in the toothpaste。

 but no， it happened with any brand， they stimulated her gum with a toothpick to see if that was doing it nope it was the whole motion and the amazing thing to me is that now you would think the flu would like have excellent oral hygiene。

嗯。Sadly， this is what that said in the journal paper。

 she believed that she was possessed by demons and switched to mouthwash for her oral care。

 it's so sad。😊，I interviewed。When I was working on the book I interviewed a woman who can sink herself to orgasm。

 she was part of a study at Rutgers University， I love that， Rutgers。

 and I interviewed her in Oakland in a sushi restaurant。😊，And I said， so。

Could you do it right here and she said， yeah， but， I'd rather finish my meal if you don't mind。

But afterwards， she was kind enough to demonstrate on a bench outside， it was remarkable。

 it took about one minute， and I said to her。😊，Are you just doing this all the time？She said。

Now honestly， when I get home， I'm usually too tired。She says that the last time she had done it。

Was on the Disneyland tram。The headquarters for orgasm along the spinal nerve is something called the sacrral nerve root。

Which is back here and if you trigger， if you stimulate with an electrode the precise thought you will trigger an orgasm。

 and it is a fact that you can trigger spinal reflexes in dead people， a certain kind of dead person。

 a beating heart cadaver， and this is somebody who is brain dead legally dead definitely checked out but is being kept alive on a respirator so that their organs will be oxygenated for transplantation now in one of these brain dead people。

If you trigger the right spot， you can， you will see something every now。

 And then is it a reflex called the Lazarus reflex。 And this is， this is。

 its I'll demonstrate as best I can not being dead。 It's like this。 You trigger the spot。

 The dead guy or gal goes。Like that， very unsettling for people working in pathology labs。Now。If。

You can trigger the Lazarus reflex in a dead person， why not the orgasm reflex？

I asked this question to a brain death expert， Stephanie Mann。

 who was foolish enough to return my emails。I said so。😊。

Could you conceivably trigger an orgasm in a dead person and she said， yes。

 if the sacral nerve is being oxygenated？You conceivably could。And obviously， it wouldnt， you know。

 it wouldn't be as much fun for the person， but it would be an orgasm。Nonetheless。

 I actually suggested to there's a researcher at the University of Alabama who does orgasm research and I said to you should do an experiment。

 you know， you can get cadavers if you work in a university and I said you should actually do this。

 she said， you get the human subjects review board approval for this one。😊。

According to 1930's marriage Man author Theodore Von de Vda。

 a slight seminal odor can be detected on the breath of a woman within about an hour after sexual intercourse。

Theodore van deevda was something of a seamen connoisseur。😊，This is a guy writing a book。

Ideal marriageri， you know， very heavy hetero Gu， but he wrote in this book，Ial marriageri。

 he said that he could differentiate between the semen of a young man which he said had a fresh。

 exhilarating smell。😊，As the seamen of mature men whose semen smelled， quote。

 remarkably like that of the flowers of the Spanish chestnut， sometimes quite freshly floral。

 and then again， sometimes extremely pungent。😊，Okay in 1999， in the state of Israel。

 a man began hiccuping and this was one of those cases it went on and on。

 he tried everything his friend suggested， nothing seemed to help， days went by at a certain point。

 the man still hiccuping had sex with his life and lo and behold the hiccups went away and he told his doctor who。

Published a case report in the Canadian Medical journal under the title。

Sexual aircourse is a potential treatment for intractable hiccups。😡。

I love this article because at a certain point， they suggested that unattached hiccups could try masturbation。

😊，I love that because there's like a whole demographic unattached hiccups。Mary single。

 unattached stickers。In the 1900s， early 1900s， gynecologists。

 a lot of gynecologists believed that when a woman has an orgasm。

 the contractions serve to suck the semen up through the cervix and sort of deliver it really quickly to the egg thereby upping the odds of conception。

😊，Who was called the Uptuck theoryory。And if you go all the way back to Hipppocries。

 physicians believed that orgasm in women was not just helpful for conception but necessary。

 you have the doctors back then were routinely telling men the importance of pleasuring their wives。

😊，Marriage Man author and Seamen sniffer， Theodore Van de Elda。Yes。A line in his book。

 I love this guy， I got a lot of mileage out Theodore Van de Vda。😊。

He had this line in his book that supposedly comes from the Hobsburg Monarchy where there was Empress Maria Teresa who was having trouble conceiving。

 and apparently the royal court physician said to her。

I am of the opinion that the vulva of your most sacred majesty be titillated for some time prior to intercourse。

Apparently， I don't know on the record somewhere。Masters and Johnson。

 now we're moving forward to the 1950s， Masters and Johnson were upsuck skeptics。

Which is also really fun to say。They didn't buy it。

 and they decided being Masters and Johnson that they would get to the bottom of it。

 they brought women into the lab， I think it was five women and outfitted them with cervical caps containing artificial semen。

And in the artificial semen was a radio opaque substance so that it would show up on an X ray。maz。

 this is the 1950s。 Anyway， these women SAT in front of an X-ray device and they masturbated。

 and the Masters and Johnson looked to see if the semen was being fucked up。

 did not find any evidence of upsuck。You may be wondering， how do you make artificial fimens？啊。

I have an answer for you， I have two answers， you can use flour and water or corntch and water。

 I actually found three separate recipes in the literature。😊，My favorite being the one that says。

 you know to have the ingredients listed and then you know in a recipe it'll say， for example。

 yield two dozen cupcakes， this one said yield one ejaculate。嗯。

There's another way that orgasm might boost fertility， this one involves men。

 sperm that sit around in the body for a week or more start to develop abnormalities that make them less effective at head banging their way into the egg。

 British sexologists。Roy 11 has speculated that this is perhaps why men involved to be such enthusiastic and frequent masturbators。

 You said， if I keep tossing myself off， I get fresh sperm being made。

 which I thought was an interesting。😊，Idea， theory。 so now you have an evolutionary excuse。Okay。

Alrighty， there is considerable evidence for upsuck in the animal kingdom。Pigs， for instance。

 in Denmark， the Danish National Committee for pig Product found out that if if you stimulate。

 sexually stimulate a sow， while you artificially inseminate her。

 you will see a 6% increase in the ferrowing rate， which is the number of piglets produced。😡。

So they came up with this plan， this five point stimulation plan for the Southws。

 and they had the farmers， they ignored their posters。

 they put in the barn and they they had of a DVD， and I got a copy of the DVD。

And this is my unveiling because I'm going to show you a clip。Yeah。So啊。Okay， now here we go。

 See in his off to work and all looks very innocent。 Okay。

 he's going to be doing things with his hands that the the bo would use his snout。😊，Lacking hands。

Okay。This is that the board has a very odd courtship repertoire。

This is to mimic the weight of the bore。know the clitoris of the pig inside the vagina。

 So this may be sort of titillating for her。 we go。So啊。Happy results。I love this video。

 There's a point in this video towards the beginning where they zoom in for a close up of his hand with his wedding ring like I if to say it's okay。

 it's just his job， he really does like women。Okay， now I said when I was in Denmark。

 my host was named An Marie and I said。So。Why don't you just stimulate the clitoris of the pig you know why don't you have the farmers do that that's not one of your five steps she said I have to read you what she said because I love it。

 she said it was a big hurdle just to get farmers to touch underneath the Volva。

 so we thought let's not mention the clitoris right now。嗯。Shy but ambitious pig farmers， however。

 can purchase this is true a sow vibrator that hangs on the sperm feeder tube to vibrate because as I mentioned。

 the clitoris is inside the vagina。 So possibly， you know， a little more  arousing than it looks。😊。

And I also said to her， now they sos， I mean you may have noticed there。

 the sow doesn't look to be in the throes of ecstasines。

 he said you can't make that conclusion because animals don't register pain or pleasure on their faces in the same way that we do。

 they tend to pigs for example are more like dogs， they use the upper half of the face。

 the ears are very expressive， so you know I'm really sure what's going on with the pig primates on the other hand。

 we use our mouths more。This is the ejaculation face of the stumpttailed macaque。呃。And interestingly。

 this has been observed in female ma catt， but only when mounting another female。

Masters and Johnson in the 1950s， they decided， okay， we're going to。

Figure out the entire human sexual response cycle from arousal all the way through orgasm in men and women。

 everything that happens in the human body。 Okay， with women， a lot of this is happening inside。

 This did not stop。 Masters and Johnsons， they developed an artificial coion machine。 And this is。

Psically a penis camera on a motor， there's a phallus。

 clear acrylic phalus with a camera and a light source attached to a motor that's kind of going like this and the woman would have sex with it and that's what they would do pretty amazing sadly this device has been dismantled。

 this just kills me because not because I wanted to use it I I wanted to see it。😊，One fine day。

Alfred Kinsey decided。To calculate the average distance traveled by ejaculated seamen。

This was not idle curiosity Dr。 Kinsey。😊，Had heard。

 and there was a theory kind of going around at the time。

 this being the 1940s that the force with which Semen is thrown against the cervix was a factor in fertility。

😡，And Kinsey thought it was bunk， so he got to work， he got together in his lab。300 men。

 a measuring tape and a movie camera。😊，And in fact， he found that in three quarters of the men。

 the stuff just kind of swapped out， it wasn't spurted or thrown or ejected under great4， however。

 the record holder landed just shy of the eight footmark， which is impressive。うん。Yes， exactly。Sadly。

 he's anonymous， as the name is not mentioned。In his write up， in his write up of this experiment。

 and his BoKinsey wrote。Two sheets were laid down to protect the Oriental carpets。

Which is my second favorite line， an entire Uber of Alfred Kinsey， my favorite being。

Cheese crumbs spread before a pair of copulating rats。Will this distract the female。

 but not the male？Thank you very much。来。