# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：令她潮吹的5大基础技巧！（说明：这个直接露骨暴）：7女性如何指导另一半让自己更快乐【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

So when you have a new lover， they're not necessarily going to know how to touch your vagina because every vagina is completely different。

 so this could be used in that scenario， but since we're talking about squirting。

 that's what we're going to use it for today。Do you want to learn how to make me squaret？ Yes， yes。

 gotdess。 All right， so I want you to stimulate my G spot。 Okay， and to do that first。

 I want you to lu up your hand。Mmhmm。Should I loop it all the way in the back of my finger， too， No。

 cause you're not gonna go in that far。 but maybe on your palm here。

 because that's what's going to press against my clutch。 Yes， gotdess。嗯哼。😊，You're like。

 and just warm me up， don't go for the gold quite yet。

Im that you're just putting nice light pressure on my clip without having a gold to make me calm。

 I don't want you to give me too much pressure。Because just like men can performance anxiety。

 so can women， Yes kind。Alright， so now that I'm wear a roused， I want you to place two fingers。

 your middle fingers inside。 and I want you to curl them and try to find my G spot。

 which is gonna to feel like a slightly spongy。So you're going to stack them。All right。

 and I want you to lightly rock。So right now you're just you're pushing a bit up。

 so I just want you to put more pressure instead of jamming your fingers inside of me。Yeah。

 that feels better。嗯。So you can start building up， Steve， it does。

And I want you to focus in the palm of your hand， you can use that to apply pressure to my cloccus exactly。

Good， you got there。嗯。啊。嗯。嗯。哦。