# 【A27】其他未分类：31、21世纪性爱指南：[21世纪性爱指南].A.Girls.Guide.To.21St.Century.Sex.6of8.TVRip.XvidDarmeth

🎼Tonight on a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex， when three is not a crowd。

 why having sex with multiple partners is becoming increasingly popular。😊，🎼Lchen sclerosis。

 a potentially devastating skin condition that can make penetative sex impossible。

🎼And the art of spanking as aotic foreplay。😊，🎼Welcome to a Girl's guide to 21st centuryury S。 I'm Dr。

 Catherine Hood， And in this series， I've been examining all aspects of lovemaking。

 bringing you tips， advice and new techniques to give you greater confidence to try something new and invigorate your sex life。

😊，🎼Every week we'll dissect and analyse the world's favorite sexual positions。

🎼With our specially designed cameras， we'll see what really happens to your body during intercourse。

🎼And each week the Girl Guides， S experts， Dr。 Ava Cadell and Lou Pagedget from Los Angeles will give you your very own personal coaching sessions on everything from how to reach your peak of sexual fitness to food that will make your sex sessions last longer。

😊，🎼Coming up tonight， this week's sexposition， the exposition could lead to marathon love making sessions and multiple orgasms。

😊，🎼First though， is having sex with more than one partner the key tosatisfaction？

🎼Group sex is sex involving more than two people at the same time if lots of people are present it's sometimes called an orgy or gangbang。

🎼But it's also common at swinging or wife swap parties and at rainbow parties which only involve oral sex。

😊，🎼There's no one group of individuals who take part in group sex。

🎼People of all ages and sexual persuasions can engage in the practice。

 although threesomes are more common among young people。

 whereas the older marriage generation may participate in wife swapping or swinging。😊。

🎼The Orgy has found notoriety in pornographic films。

 but group sex clubs do exist if you're willing to look。😊。

There is something about having sex with a large group of people where you can lie back and shut your eyes and open five minutes later and not know how many people are touching your body because you're so covered in flesh。

🎼When Lou's marriage ended in divorce， it was the trigger for her to want to act out her sexual fantasies。

🎼So she went to a club and indulged in group sex。🎼She liked the experience so much that group sex has now become a large part of her life。

😊，🎼Lu now regularly attends swinging parties where couples have sex with many partners。Group sex。

 for me， has definitely been a massive ego boost。 I advertise myself through the Internet。

 and I have literally hundreds of people telling me that they think that I'm beautiful and they want me。

 excitements of group sex may well be the unpredictability and uncertainty of it。

 because comparison to say of having sex with your regular partner where most of the time people know what to expect。

 People often。😊，Reduce themselves to quite a limited repertoire of sexual behaviors。

 One of the excitement of group sex is that that isn't the case。

 And you're dealing with multiple partners， many of whom are probably new to you。

 I can go to a club and walk in and know that every pair of eyes will be on me when I go into that club。

 And sometimes I just feel like a total porn star。 Well。

 people who don't know much about swinging assume that it's a big free for all orgy。 In fact。

 it's not that way at all。 usually the women are in control at swingers parties and no means know and people don't touch unless there is some kind of cue given off by the other person that sure。

 it's okay。 group sex sessions generally have their own code of conduct for anyone wanting to take part。

The biggest rule of ettte in group sex is no means and no。

You only ever have to say no once and someone will back off。You always ask before touching someone。

No pain， no pain， no poo is one of the most common requests If a couple are going to have group sex。

 then the most important thing of all is to communicate properly。

 then needs to be consent from both of them， they need to be totally comfortable with the idea and have talked it through beforehand and be able to talk through afterwards if they can't and they don't do that as a recipe for disaster。

🎼One of Lou's favourite ways of meeting multiple partners is to attend an organizedised event。

Well in a club environment I've had people stop me and say anything from I love the outfit that you're wearing。

 where did you buy it to being asked to pose on a podium and literally have 30 or 40 men come up and admire my clitoris and tell me how beautiful it is and how amazing my piercing are and how amazing they make me look。

So I mean， I've had from your ordinary everyday compliments to really rather personal things that people just expound on how wonderful I look with my legs open。

 Sometimes women can give subtle mating cues like a smile or batting of the eyelashes。

 but usually there will be some kind of talking。 Some swingers parties have safe sex policies where they'll put condoms and lubricant out and insist that everyone do that。

 And if somebody doesn't， then the guards toss them out。

 Other swingers parties are they don't care it's up to you to do whatever kind of safe sex practices you want。

🎼However safe the sex may be， there are other risks to be aware of at group sex parties。

There's a lot of single men on the group sex scene。They can be slightly more pushy，I think。

 if you just use common sense， if you make sure as a single woman that you don't go to a club or party on your own。

 that there is someone to keep an eye on you and that when you meet single men that you do it safely。

That there isn't any particular problem with them as long as you are prepared to say no firmly and not get offended by slight pressure and hassle。

Anyone who has any sexual tastes at all， who has any level of confidence。

 a body that looks like anything at all。Basically。There is a space for you somewhere within group sex。

The world of group sex opens its doors to people of all shapes and sizes。Well。

 there's lots of different ways that you can end up having group sex。

 You can organize it with maybe another couple that you know or several singles that you know。

 you can have group sex at a party or there's dogging or。Going to a club where you can have sex。

 It can be anyone。Just walking into the room and wanting to play with you。

But it's the fact that they want you。 They desperately want you。

 They'll do anything to have you that。It's just such an ego boost。

🎼There are still a lot of taboos surrounding group sex。 But whether you approve or not。

 the effect it's had on lose life has been dramatic。

 I've gone in my head from being a middle aged housewi to having like total porn star sex。

 fulfilling every dream fantasy desire， even thought that's ever crossed my mind。

 And it's changing me into a happier person who。😊，🎼Really want to grab life either horns and go for it。

🎼If you think group sex might be for you， here's Dr。 Ava Cadell with her dos and don'ts。

In my opinion， the power of suggestion is the most exciting way to live out all your fantasies。

 So if one of your fantasies is having sex with lots of people created in your mind and talk about what they're doing to you and what they're doing to your lover。

 and you'll be safer than catching ST Ds or having embarrassing moments。 Now。

 if you really want to have group sex， make sure that your partner does， too。

 make sure you're both on the same wavelength and you do it just for fun and never。

 never never use it as a weapon in an argument later on in your relationships。

 That's the do's and don'ts of group sex。😊，🎼If you participate in group sex。

 you increase your risks of catching a sexually transmitted infection。

 so always wear condoms and use a new one each time you change partner。Coming up。

🎼The sexual technique that's high on energy and satisfaction， we demonstrate the exposition。😊。

🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st Cury S coming up。

🎼Why some men engage in bizarre and sometimes dangerous rituals to get their sexual fix？🎼First。

 most of us only have sex in one or two positions， but there are hundreds of imaginative and inventive positions that have intercourse with your partner。

😊，🎼Each has its own particular benefits， for example。

 some are more appropriate if you're pregnant or overweight。

 where others are more suitable if your partner has a small penis。😊，🎼Tonight， it's the exposition。

 particularly good if you'd like your sessions to go on for hours For this。

 you need a high level of stamina and a good pain threshold。😊。

I should warn you that the material you're about to see is of a particularly explicit nature。

🎼Getting its name from the way that both partners form an X like arrangement。

🎼This position consists of both parties lying on their back whilst opposite each other。😊。

🎼Once the penis is inserted， you hold hands and gently rock your way to mutual pleasure。

🎼The exposition is an unusual sexual union， which lends itself well to more adventurous foreplay。

 such as the surprisingly popular practice of spanking。😊。

🎼Adult spanking as a form of sexual tistillation has been popular throughout history。😊。

🎼And in the 16th century became fashionable in the French court。😊。

🎼One renowned fan of erotic flagation was the French queen Catherine De Medidici。

 who was notorious for taking delight in witnessing the spanking of young females。😊。

🎼In the 18th century， its notoriety exist when it was openly pd by the famous Libertine。

 the Marquis Desad， who would pay to spank and be spanked。😊。

🎼Sppanking still remains popular with a 2005 cosmopolitan survey finding the sexy spanking school teacher。

 the most popular male fantasy。😊，🎼Gentle spanking can arouse the senses and prepare the mind and body for intercourse。

 but massage the area first to begin the arousal process。

🎼As well as this highly intimate form of massage being arousing due to its proximity to the grs。

 it's also a good way to prepare the buttocks for a less gentle type of attention Gute' maximus is the biggest muscle in the body。

 covered with fat and skin， we call them buttocks。🎼They are different in men and women。

 but share common nerve endings with a gentle area and therefore are equally sensitive and egeneous for both。

😊，🎼But there are subtle anatomical differences between male and female buttocks。

🎼Women's buttocks are larger and fleshier than a man。

🎼They also will indicate a much bigger and wider pelvis which denotes fertility and the anthropologists believe that it's this sort of indicator of fertility that men find particularly attractive。

😊，🎼To get into the exposition， the man starts by sitting， facing his partner。

 She places her right leg under his left leg and hooks her left leg over his right leg。😊。

🎼Once the penis is inserted， they both lean back whilst holding hands。

🎼Then they rotate their hips and gently thrust in slow prolonged movements。

🎼If you want to look at each other's faces or communicate。

 you can do so by propping yourself up onto your elbows。

🎼If you require more direct stimulation to reach a peak of arousal。

 you can tilt up and put weight on only one elbow， leaving your other hand free to stimulate your clitoris。

🎼Due to the very steep angle of entry in this position。

 the head of the penis butts directly into the anterior wall of the vagina。

 thought to be the location of the G spot。🎼And localized pressure should be felt on it。

🎼A variation of the exposition can be achieved if the woman moves her left leg over her partner's left leg and rests her foot on the bed。

 bringing the legs closer together。😊，🎼If the man props himself up onto his arms too。

 they're both in a good position to build up momentum with thrusting。🎼In this way。

 the woman gains control of the movement and creates a tighter tunnel for the man's penis。

 the increased grip provides greater stimulation for both partners。😊，🎼At the point of agasm。

 the first few contractions are incredibly strong。😊。

🎼And push out the vast majority of semen and sperm in one go。

🎼And then you get a series of smaller contractions which gradually diminish in Peter。😊。

🎼The exposition can be very tiring and you're more likely to enjoy it the fitter you both are。

 so take your time overextion can put you off your stride。😊。

🎼Now we've described some horrific diseases in this series。

 but this skin condition can cause terrible disfigurement to your sexual organs。😊。

🎼Lchen sclerosis is a rare disease that affects men， women and children， but is most common in women。

🎼It primarily attacks the skin over the sex organs but can spread elsewhere。

 the skin becomes pale with bright red or purple discoloration from bleeding inside the skin layers。

 more severe cases oflychen sclerosis produce scarring that may cause the inneripse of the vulva to shrink and disappear the clis to become covered with scar tissue and the opening of the vagina to narrow。

🎼The damage to my vulvo is unbelievable。🎼The cloral hood is welded to my clitoris。

 part of my innerlaia is welded to the front of my clitoris。

🎼26 year old Dana Bellabby is living with the skin condition likeen sclerosis。

 which is ruining her sex life。🎼My vagina is closing up， it is welding together。

🎼My lab ear is vanishing before my very eyes， the outside lips and the inside lips。🎼It's dry。

 brittle， it cracks， it splits。🎼Lchen sclerosis or LS is thought to affect up to one in 300 women。

 yet little is known about it outside of the specialist medical circles。

Lchen sclerosis is a skin condition。Commonly affecting women， although it does affect men as well。

 and it usually affects the vulval area and the anal area。

 It's what we call an autoimmune condition where body attacks body。

 essentially the body's immune system， the body's defence mechanisms attack。Other parts of the body。

There's an underlying inflammatory process going on。 The skin is inflamed。

And as the inflammation settles。Slerosis or fibrosis all。Scarring develops。

 and this leads to various changes in the skin。In severe cases。

 this inflammation and scarring results in irreversible damage to the affected area。

This slide is a picture of a normal vulva。 You can see at the top。

 the clitoris here with a clital hood。 And this is the external labia。

 Minorah here and majora on the outside。 This is a patient with long standing like in sclerosis。

 First thing you notice is that there's pals of the skin。There's a lack of pigment。

 generally the skin looks quite white。One of the main features of lien sclerosis is the loss of anatomy。

 You can see where the。🎼The labia， the lips have been reabsorbed。

 and the clitoris has essentially disappeared。🎼Because of the extreme inflammation。

 the normal architecture of the vulva has been eroded。

🎼Most sufferers of LS are in their 30s or  for0s。🎼But young children can also be affected。

🎼I was about five years old when I first realized there was so wrong with me。

 I had terrible pain down there。🎼Activities， running， walking， cycling。

 anything like that was agony I felt like I was being cut in two it used to burn each sting and frorog。

🎼Doctors kept telling Daniela that her pain was imaginary。

 but her first sexual experience at 16 convinced her something was seriously wrong。

🎼NoIt was almost like somebody was shing a knife in me or something。 You know that that。

🎼Just you used to take your breath away as as the penianist went in， it'd be like。

🎼just grip your teeth and curl your toes up and just lie there like that until it was over and done with and then of course afterwards I was virtually unable to walk I bled for two or three weeks afterwards from where I'd ripped open。

🎼I had blisters， come up on top of blisters and I couldn't pay every time to go to the toilet。

 I actually had to sit in the bath to go to the toilet， it was that painful。

🎼It was to be several years after this traumatic experience that Daniel was finally given a diagnosis。

🎼Then she was given the devastating news that she may never be able to enjoy a normal sex life。

🎼OhThe shock， the trauma of it。 I was traumatized。 I felt sick， dizzy。

🎼I wanted to go and kill myself， really， really wanted to go and talk myself。🎼嗯。🎼Yeah。

 she couldn't believe it。🎼Lchens sclerosis can make a woman give up sex because scarring and fusing around the vulva make any touch or friction unbearable。

🎼The skin becomes papery thin without treatment。 It lacks stretch， it lacks suppleness。

 And when a woman tries to have sex， penative sex， it splits。 Just at the bottom here is the fores。

 And this is where a one would split during an intercourse， because the skin splits。

 and there's pain often penetration is。Impossible， and。

Problems then arise because the woman anticipates pain every time she has sex。

Because Dania's condition went untreated for so many years， Another consequence of L S developed。

 which makes full sexual intercourse a physical impossibility。My actual vagina， the hole is closing。

 I have fusing at the base of it。And yeah， it just freaks me out every time I look at it。

 I look at it and think that can't be my body。 It can't be mutilating itself， surely， but it is。

Dunia has been advised to use plastic dilators on a weekly basis to stop the entrance to her vagina closing up further。

These are supposed to be inserted and left in place for a few minutes。

 but she doesn't find this easy。Got the little one， the medium size  one， normal size one。

 and then the big one。 That is absolute screaming agony。 push I can get the medium size one in。

But they're big ones。🎼That's serious。 That's painful。

🎼The causes of lichen sclerosis are not completely known。

 but some doctors think there may be a genetic component。🎼Soon after she was diagnosed。

 Daniela found out that her mum， Joy， was also suffering from the same condition。🎼And when I had you。

🎼That was particularly difficult because they had stitches， lots of stitches。

 and they would not heal 12。😔，And， of course， all the time， it was the L。

And now I've passed it on to you。🎼My sex life was。🎼Very， very difficult。🎼To resume afterwards。

🎼And it was never。🎼Never write。 Never right。🎼Because of the pain and discomfort。

 Daniela hasn't attempted to have sex for six years。 I don't want to live without sex。

🎼I used to have these dreams， these erotic dreams。 And just as I was。

🎼I dream I was doing it and it'd be nice and everything。 And then I'd wake up。

 And for the 30 seconds as you wake up。 everything's okay。

 And you really think that you've just had sex andm bang。 You're awake。 There's no cure for Ls。

 but certain prescription creams can help slow the condition。

 But Danya is facing an uncertain future。 How far away can the lip shrink。

🎼How fused can the clitoris become？🎼How fu can the whole become， You know， that does frighten me。

 It really does。🎼Len sclerosis isn't infectious， and you can't catch it through having sex。

 Many women with the condition initially think they have thrush。

 But if you've experienced itching for over a year despite treatment。

 it may be a good idea to see you G。🎼Now if you've ever used sex toys either on your own or in a relationship。

 you'll know that some can be more daunting than others Here's Lou Pageget with the best。

 the worst and how to get the most out of them。😊，People will often start with something like this。

 the pocket rocket， rather than just using a vibrator like this。Which can be too much too soon。

 it's better to do a crossways motion， a circular motion。

 something that builds sensation coming down in。This is the rabbit pearl This is truly the classic the little nose is used on the clal area as are the little ears and then these beads here once inserted inside of a woman vaginally。

 she tightens her PC muscle around here it's going to heighten the sensation。So。

Beauty of this is that you get to stimulate both nerve systems for women。

This is the one that has two speeds that is incredibly strong。 Now。

 what women will do is they will put this on a pillow and ride it。

They will put it between their legs， this thing is hugely powerful， it's designed as a back massager。

In more of the novelty category。Duck's gone bad。 people can use it this point for the woman here head your choice。

 These are little sleeves that can be worn on your finger to change sensation for him or for you so a woman can use them like this on herself or like this on a man。

🎼Okay。This ladies is a thing called the G spottter it's designed the way it is so that it goes in and follows the natural pelvic curve into the vagina so it goes in like this and then up like this so you can then go right on where the g spot area is I mean women and men are both capable of having organisms simply from having anal stimulation It is an anal toy that would be insert to see how it's got the flange anything that has a flange on the base of it is going to be ideal for anal play we won't go all the way in。

So this is one style of anal toy， and another is this anal bead。Now。

 they would be inserted up to here， and then at the moment of orgasm。

 jogged back and forth and then pulled out all at the same time。

And any toy that is used aimly is not to be used gradually。So that's the sex toys segment。

 I trust to give you at least some expanded awareness， shop well and have fun。🎼Coming up。

 extreme sexual behavior and why dressing up in leather， rubber and plastic can be a turn on。😊。

🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st Century sex。

🎼45% of couples have incorporated light bondage into their sex lives。

 but what happens when this fetish is taken one step further？

🎼Ftishism is the displacement of desire and fantasy onto objects or body parts with countless permutations。

😊，🎼Mommification is the practice of restraining the human body head to toe with anything from bandages to rubber strips。

 from body bags to cling filmm。😊，🎼32 year old Paddy has been practicing self mummification in secret for over three years。

🎼I'm more comfortable like this， and I am wearing clothes。

🎼I don't know who suppose it like being hooked all over。🎼Like it。 I think I look quite sexy。

I like looking all shiny。🎼Like looking at myself in the mirror and just seeing the way I look。

And it makes heaven win a bit more exciting。Wraping yourself in cl film is the way of becoming aroused by separating yourself from the world。

 by dumbing down your senses， giving yourself a surface， giving yourself a shell， making it safe。

I'll try and wrap it。😔，Brt myself， say that。Everything is as typed all over。 So the feeling is。

Absolutely the same all over。 I don't want some bits tighter or looser than others。

I imagine that's what it would feel like if you were inserted into a vagina， its warm， soft。

And the same all over。🎼There's a saying that mummies want their mummies who've been back inside the warm nest。

 the wetness。 That fantasy of wanting to go back inside the womb is like a very strong regression。

 It's actually about wanting to be back in the uterus， the last。A couple of years or so。

🎼I figured out how I can wrap my head。🎼And until I've got to the stage where I can wrap more or less my entire body。

 one of the dangers of unification。🎼be the principal age would be suffocation。

 That would be the concern。 And obviously， if you wrap something around somebody's face or head or around their windpipe。

 such their airways， just they can't breathe， that's highly dangerous。

 So that would be one of those cheap things to avoid。🎼I've learned over the years how to。😔。

🎼Wrap myself tightly in certain directions， but not in others so that I still have the full ability to breathe。

😔，🎼It's an escape or a distancing from the real world， the clank of the world。I feel。

As though I'm completely removed from the universe so that I only exist within。The clean film。

 Obviously， my conscious mind is outside， but。My my body feels like it's。🎼Not in the world。

🎼The next thing I want to do is wrap somebody else I get a little bit bored rapping myself so I'd like to wrap an attractive girl and take some pictures of that。

 I think that would look amazing Different people will engage in different behaviors when they're mummified some will make it sexual and like to engage in sexual behaviors while they are mummifiedNormally I'd mesturbate within。

🎼Nling film。Rather than taking a penis out and masturbate it Other people are looking for other kinds of experience。

 some people who have a lot going on in their life， they just want to shut down and be quiet。

🎼Zip up leather sacks known as body bags or sleeping sacks， can also be used for mummification。

🎼This is for people that are into heavy bondage， feeling totally helpless and once mummified left for hours on end。

 I've had someone down here for 14 hours mummified。🎼Ftish shop owner Mr。 S and his play partner。

 Adam， enjoy experimenting with this form of bondage。

This is Adam and tonight he's going to be my boy and I'm going to put him in bondage in an all other sleep sack The appeal of this fetish is to surrender control of your senses。

 creating a condition that can lead to disorientation or even an out of body experience。

It's actually fairly simple to get him into it， we're going to zip him up and take all of his senses away from him。

 his eyesight and his hearing really is a feeling of total loss of control。

If you trust somebody enough to have them take your control away from you。

 it mentally puts you into a place where you're and emotionally for that matter where you're。

AndYou're letting go。Okay， see if you can move around a little bit。

It's like a meditation where it can be because it's a little more than sexual。

 it can take you to other places。As you've got a leatherhood laed onto your head like this for 24 hours。

 you really do lose touch with where you are， the sounds around you。

 can't see anything for that long。It's really sensory deprivation to the ultimate There's a danger of total sensory deprivation to take。

🎼There's a danger within that deprivation of hallucination， both visual auditory。

🎼Apart from the risks to your mental health， there are physical dangers too。Okay。

 some people might get very frightened and it's theoretically possible that people might experience a panic attack。

And injure themselves by thrashing around and trying to escape。 Adam。 Yeah， are you okay now。🎼Yes。

 sir， I've had someone that went blind in session through panic and then actually went deaf through panic because the mind wanted to play the body would not allow it。

🎼Once that happens and panic attacks start， then you know， someone can fit， someone can pass out。

 someone can suffocate。🎼This type of fetish play can be an extreme game where the desire for pain becomes more important than the sexual act itself。

🎼Taking proper precautions these games rarely cause lasting damage either physical or mental The drive for sexual arousal a powerful one and this kind of extreme behaviour will stretch both mind and body further than they've ever been this type of bondage is only practice by a minority remember sex is what you make it dressed or undressed。

🎼Our mission on the Girl's Guide to 21st centuryy sex is to get you experiencing and enjoying better sex。

 All we can do is give you tips and advice。 Ultimately。

 it's up to you to express yourself and put it all into action。😊。

🎼So join us next week as we continue our amazing journey through the myths。

 the facts and the science behind human sexuality。😊。

🎼Next time on the Girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex。

 can Aphrodisiacs really increase your sexual appetite。

 a position with a tight vaginal grip that's ideally if your man has limited girth？😊。

🎼And the thrills and risks of sex in public places， what makes gay and straight men go cottageging？

