# 【A27】其他未分类：31、21世纪性爱指南：[21世纪性爱指南].A.Girls.Guide.To.21St.Century.Sex.1of8.TVRip.Xvid-Darmeth

🎼Tonight I'm a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex。

 secrets of the female orgasm and how women can ejaculate like men。😊。

🎼best way to make love if you're overweight。🎼What happens inside a vagina during male ejaculation？

🎼And what men can learn from women who have sex with other women。

🎼Welcome to a Girl's guide to 21st centuryury S， the definitiveitive Coing Manion for having better sex I'm Dr。

 Catherine Hood and over the next eight weeks I'll be exploring every aspect of lovemaking to improve you and your partner's performance each time in the show we'll dissect and analyze the world's favorite sexual positions with our specially designed cameras we'll see what really happens to your body during intercourse and we'll explode sexual myths and mysteries from how to get a big a penis。

 how to find the G spot have safe an sex and how to have sex while you're pregnant but we'll also bring the cautionary tales of sexually transmitted infections and the horror stories of how sex can go wrong。

😊，🎼And on every show， our world famous sex therapist Lou Paget from Los Angeles will give you your very own personal expert coaching sessions on everything from stimulating your G spot to exercises for the perfect penis。

😊，🎼Coming up tonight， we'll discover how being clinically obese is no barrier to having great sex。😊。

🎼First， most women can orgasm with practice and some can even ejaculate。

 here's what you need to know about the female orgasm。🎼The female orgasm is also called coming。

 climaxing or having a big O， riding and wriggling with pleasure a spine tingling orgasm is the climax to great sex。

😊，🎼Whether you have yours from full penetrative sex， oral sex with your partner， or by masturbating。

 there are ways to make your orgasm longer and even more explosive。😊，🎼My orgasms are amazing。

 really intense。🤢，🎼It just feels like I've gone to heaven 34 year old Taylor Morgan from cautionham has been in a relationship with Pete for six years but doesn't find orgasm easy I can't come myself from penetrative sex alone The data suggests that only 30% of women can achieve orgasm with traditional penot vaginal intercourse。

🎼The female orgasm is a feeling of increasing sexual excitement that builds to a point of warmth and ecstasy。

😊，🎼This orgasmic moment is characterized by surges of muscular contractions in the sex organs。

🎼The breathing becomes shallower and it becomes faster， the heart rate increases。

 often a woman can become quite warm， quite hot and inside the vagina。

 the glands that line the wall of the vagina will start to sweat。

🎼The good news is women can orgasm in several places simultaneously We have uniassms which is either a clitoral orgasm or a Gpot orgasm Then we have a bigasm which is the two orgasms at the same time and then the trigasm which is the anus G spot and clitoris at the same time I also like it when my clip Gpot and anus is stimulated because that is just like three in one in this。

😊，Amazing， it just feels really， really hot。🎼At the point of orgasm。

 some women have reported the expulsion of a mysterious liquid。🎼However。

 the medical community is divided on whether these claims are scientifically justifiable。😊。

🎼Female ejaculation is a phenomenon， it's hotly debated by many researchers， scientists and doctors。

🎼We think it might be， and we know for certain， definitely happens is that women have experienced what they call an expulsion of fluid。

 the point of orgasm， so the jury is still out on the female ejaculation。

 but for some women ejaculating fluid during orgasm is a frequent occurrence。😊，For me。

 it started out as a very small amount。 and then it just took off from there。

 I got really excited about it like wow， my body can do this and I can ejaculate as often as I want。

 Well， the orgasm itself does not change。 It's a deeper form of release。 is really wonderful。

 and it's a whole different experience。 it's just delightful。 It's wonderful。😊。

I've had some partners who love it and some partners who are a little freaked out at first and it can be such a very erotic thing I mean when you're both covered and ejaculate that's wonderful and he has it all over his face and you have it all over yourself。

 it's very fun it's very wet， it's very wild， so can be huge turn on in bed especially when it's totally explosive and it's just gushing。

 you're totally gushing， it's very hot women that can ejaculate have well developed ss glands。

 skes glands are the residual or the equivalent of the prostate gland in men and it surrounds the urethra and with sexual stimulation。

 whether it be clal vaginal Gpot or other the s glandss becoming en goore and secrete fluid the fluid is and has been studied a consistent with serum or blood so it has sodium in it potassium。

 calcium there's also PSA in it or prostatic specific antigen and in some cases urine in some cases it is urine。

is a combination between ejaculate fluid and urine and sometimes it's purely you know the Ss glands fluid There's been a lot of research done looking at this fluid。

 but still we don't know whether it is urine or fluid from another part of the vagina。

🎼A woman can have an orgasm through intercourse， oral sex or anal sex。

 manual stimulation of the vul by her partner， body rubbing or fage or masturbation some women can even have orgasms just by touching their breasts or by fantasizing about sex。

😊，🎼For many women， the contact has to be much more direct。

 right on the genitals and in a regulargular rhythmic pattern。

🎼Most women will have one orgasm and then they need to take a long break。

 stop or reduce sex play before the next one。🎼But some women can have several in a row。

 they can have multiple orgasms。🎼But about 10% of women are thought to be anorgasmic and others frigid。

🎼Danish researchers have even discovered that by wearing socks during sex。

 twice as many women are able to achieve orgasm。😊，🎼And how can you spot a woman who's faking。

 the difference that during a real orgasm， her muscles may contract in voluntarily？

Not even a great actress can imitate bad。🎼Most women will have times when they find achieving orgasm a challenge。

 relationship issues， negative thoughts and simple day to day stresses can make it hard to climax。

 but of course it could be that you're simply not being sexually stimulated and aroused in the right way for you。

😊，🎼After the break， we'll be teaching you everything you need to know about the most popular sexual position。

 the missionary。😊，🎼And how this woman doesn't let her size stop her from having a great and fulfilling sex life。

😊，🎼Welcome back to a girl's Guide to 21st centuryy sex Com up。

 a sexually transmitted disease that has no symptoms。

🎼And how being morbidly obese hasn't stopped one woman enjoying a fulfilling sex life。

🎼Now oral sex most men love it， but 45% of women don't like doing it。

 but if done properly it can be one of the most enjoyable parts of sex for both of you Here's Hollywood certified sex educator Lou Paget with her formula for giving your Man the best oral sex。

😊，Good evening and welcome to tonight's 21st century sex workshop This evening you're going to learn how to give your man the ultimate and sexual pleasure also known as blow jobsbs I do not like the term blowjo I think it's rather icky and besides we as women know it has nothing to do with blowing The action of this is more about mimicking and making your hands and your mouth an imposter vagina That's really what you're creating here you're creating the three sensations that men say absolutely make for great intercourse and when they first enter a woman It's a combination of heat pressure and moisture so your mouth is creating the heat in the moisture。

 your hand is creating a pressure。You had said that your jaw gets my jaw always hurts and that's because you're using your jaw for the pressure if you attach your hand to your mouth like this and imagine there's like little ball bearings right here。

 your jaw isn't creating the pressure， your mouth is open， it's more open。

And this is creating the pressure， the ring of this and the pulling up or straight up and down。

 or and the other thing you're doing， your tongue is not just hanging out okay。

 your tongue is creating sensation on the back area one of the most sensitive areas。

Your hand and your mouth sealed together。You've got four main motions。

 you've got an up and down motion， you've got the twisting motion of your hand coming up。

 you've got this is creating the pressure coming up。

Your mouth is creating the heat in the moisture and your tongue is doing a back and forth motion now I'm going to show you something that you can incorporate while your mouth is here。

 different things to do with the scrotum these are also called the stepchildren a because they belong to somebody else and they often get ignored now there are some men。

Who do not like to have them played with their two ticklishers， just like， it's not pleasurable。

But here is the thing I'm going to show you if I may borrow your arm toy。

 when you go from point A to point B in a straight line scratching， that's one sensation， okay？Now。

 when you put an irregular pattern into it， it is a different thing altogether。

Feel the difference you can be doing this on the scrotum， like gently pulling it if and again。

 treat it like small breakable eggs， you can gently stretch it。🎼With fingers。

Once you build the intensity of the sensation， do not go back to a milder stimulation。

 or instead of this， it' like this。So if your mouth is getting tired you know。

 and you're doing something， things aren't working here。

 and all of a sudden you stopbb and you go on the top of your tongue。

 you basically have dropped yourself back five minutes。

So that's why if you have your hand incorporated at the same time。You are maintaining the sensation。

 so that's how you give your man the best oral sex he's ever had， and please do enjoy。

🎼Most of us only have sex in one or two positions， but there are hundreds of imaginative and adventurous positions to have intercourse with your partner each has its own particular benefits for instance。

 some are more appropriate if you're overweight or pregnant and others are more suitable if your man has a small a penis The first position we're about to demonstrate is often considered the most likely to give you a G spot orgasm it's always thought of as the one most commonly practiced and the one most likely to get you pregnant it's the missionary position I should warn you that the material you're about to see is of a particularly explicit nature。

😊，🎼There are numerous theories as to the origin of the termMiary position the most accepted is that it dates from the era of Christian missionaries。

 rumor has it that the holy men tried to repress the unruly sexual practices of the natives and persuade them that this is the only acceptable sexual position in the eyes of the Lord。

😊，🎼Back home in repressive Victorian England， the position was considered the only one acceptable within the marriage。

😊，🎼The missionary position remained hugely popular。

 topping the famous 1940s Kinsey Po as America's favourite position。😊。

🎼It gained further legitimacy in the 1960s， making the pages of the Oxford English Dictionary in 1969。

🎼Missary position， a position for sexual intercourse with a woman lying on her back and the man lying on top and facing her。

🎼Like any sexual position， them should be preceded by foreplay。😊。

🎼An essential part of intercourse which makes penetration easier。Ftplay is extremely important。

 Firstly， just so you allow both the man and the woman to be fully aroused。

 You allow the entrance of the vagina to open out the length of the vagina to lubricate and for the vagina to elongate and to balloon at the end to allow thrusting to take place without any discomfort or pain。

🎼Ftplay can involve just normal kissing， it can involve touching massage。

 for b can extend beyond there to manual stimulation with the hands of the gentle areas。

 both of theagina and the penis or even oral sex。🎼The stimulation of stroking and sucking makes the breast grow in size and the nipples harden。

🎼They can increase in height by up to a centimeter。🎼The genitals become excited too。

 the laber flushes to a red colour and can swell up to three times its normal size。

 The stimulation of foreplay causes 60 times the normal amount of blood to rush the penis。

 making it fully erect。So both bodies are now fully prepared for intercourse。

The missionary position is scientifically thought to maximizeim your chances of reproduction。

Physiologically and emotionally， it's probably the most intimate sexual union you can achieve。

🎼The missionary position is quite simply one where the woman lies on her back its the one that's most well known。

 she will part her legs she may have her knees bent or her legs straight out on either side the man will then get on top of her and enter from above。

 usually with the woman maneuving a pelvis slightly。

🎼To explore what happens to the body during the missionary position。

 cameras have been attached to the couple's skin， the woman's nipple。

 the man's penis and inside the vagina。😊，🎼In the missionary position， the vul lips open slightly。

 this allows the penis to penetrate almost directly right up to the hil and in this position you get direct stimulation of the clitoris from the pubic bone of the man。

😊，🎼Oh。🎼The glands or head of the penis and frenulum are highly sensitive and here they rub along the vaginal canal。

 so the position is very stimulating for the man。😊。

🎼The woman's niples stay erect throughout intercourse。

 penetration in this position is thought to lead to orgasm for the woman as it stimulates the G spot。

🎼The G spot is an area of very sensitive tissue， which is just on the front wall of the vagina about two or three inches in or so。

 and during this position， the missionary position， the penis will stimulate this。

🎼As the woman approaches orgasm， she may feel her heartbeat in her vagina and are throbbing in her pelvis。

😊，🎼At Climax， she experiences involuntary muscle spasms in the outering of her vagina and anus。

🎼The male orgasm causes semen to be ejaculated deep inside the vagina。

 and it's thought that sex in the missionary position is much more likely to lead to conception。

🎼The missionary position allows a pool of seamen to collect at the cervix of the neck of the womb。

 and this can make it easier for women who are trying to conceive。😊，🎼Oh。🎼After orgasm。

 the erection subsides rapidly and the major and minor lips of the vagina shrink back。

🎼Both bodies now return to a prearrousal state。🎼You may have thought the missionary position was a little dull。

 but there's far more to it than meets the eye， but if you'd like to try something even more adventurous。

 then we'll be demonstrating other sexual positions in the coming weeks。😊。

🎼Now sexually transmitted infections are something we'd all rather ignore。

 but here's what can happen if you do。🎼The old French word for brothel Clapiier。

 is thought to be the origin of the slang term for gonoea， the clap。

🎼It remains the most common sexually transmitted infection in the world。

🎼Up to two thirds of new cases are in young people under the age of 25。

 many of whom will not know what they have。🎼Gnorrhea has been known about as a bacterial infection for over 150 years。

🎼A dose of the clap might not sound that serious， but untreated gonorrhea can cause both serious and permanent health problems in both men and women。

🎼Gnorrhea is a bacteria that spread from sexual contact。

 either oral sex or unprotected vaginal or anal sex， it can affect a throat。

 it can affect the rectum and it can affect the cervix and urethra of women and the urethras of men。

🎼Gnorrhea is highly infectious， you stand up to a one in four chance of catching it from an infected partner through unprotected sex。

🎼More men are diagnosed with gonorrhea as their symptoms are easier to spot。

This slide shows the case of a young man who came to complaining of a discharge you can see there's a thick yellow discharge coming out of the tip of the penis。

 there's some slight redness around the head of the penis also he had this yellow discharge which had been there for about three days and it was intensely painful when he went for a pee。

 he described it as duck it's like peing broken glass。😊，If gonorrhea isn't treated at this stage。

 the infection can spread up towards the bladder， down the channels which connect with the prostate gland and into the testicles where it causes severe inflammation。

😊，It can cause epidede or archchitis， inflammation of the tubes around the testicles and the testicles themselves。

 and it can be a very painful condition。 If you're a man。

 you're quite likely to notice you've caught gonorrhea。

 but up to 80% of women may not experience any symptoms at all。

Gnorrhea is more of a problem for women because they can often have a slight discharge and no discharge at all and they don't know they've got the infection and of course then after a while the infection can travel up through the uterus into the fallopian tubes and cause a condition called pelvic inflammatory disease。

that is where the tubes fill with puss and buckle and get all contorted。

 and then it becomes a really painful acute condition。

 and if that's not diagnosed and treated properly， the tubes can be damaged permanently and the woman can be left with tubul infertility and chronic pelvic pain。

The gonorrhea bacteria can attack the body in some quite surprising places。😊。

This slide shows a young man who's got gonorrhea of the eye How would somebody get gonorrhea in the eye Well obviously if somebody has a discharge from the penis and they go for a pee and the discharge is on the finger and then they rub their eye you can easily transmit it to yourself like that there are other ways just use your imagination Gonorrhea is currently on the rise amongst young people and particularly in inner cities So what can you do to protect yourself。

😊，You can either say no。 You can say yes， but always with a condom。And you can say， see， oops。

 we've made a mistake。 Let's go and get ourselves checked。

🎼It's amazing that gonorrhea is still on the rise after all these years。

 use condoms every time you have sex to protect yourself and remember you can catch gonorrhea in the throat too from oral sex。

😊，🎼Now， many people acquaint sexiness with being thin， but 40% of women are a size 16 or over。

 so can you still have great sex even when you're overweight？😊。

🎼Swedish researchers found in a study of 2800 men and women。

 there were no significant differences in terms of satisfaction with sex life between obese people and normal weight people。

 but in order to achieve that level of satisfaction。

 Overweight people need to make adjustments to their love making depending on your size。

 the penis and vagina become more hidden in excess roles of fat。

 so not all sexual positions will be achievable， but can you still lead a fulfilling sex life。😊。

🎼Of course obese people can still have sex and very full and satisfying sex lives you don't have to be looking like a cape mos thick thin model in order to be sexy lots of people will find obese people sexy cultures will find obese people sexy for example African Caribbeans generally tend to like heavier women so do Latin Americans and we are just conditioned in this country into thinking that skinny is beautiful it's not necessarily the case。

🎼36 year old Andrew Homer is 24 stone and has faced some of the challenges sex brings。

🎼On the occasions I have had sex with a larger woman， it has been quite awkward Like for example。

 it was just one time because the lady was only about five foot too she didn't have long legs she couldn't get across me unfortunately it's a bit embarrassed and obviously you try and find a new position It doesn't mean you can't do it It's just that obviously you've got to work around it It's frustrating sometimes because you miss out on certain things that you like to do because they're your favourites。

 but you can't do em literally for physical reasons。However active the sexual experience。

 choosing the right position is essential。😊，The best sexual position to use is the one that's comfortable and enjoyed by both。

 Now clearly， sexual activity is actually a good form of exercise， even for the morbidly obese。

 And therefore， it's not someone that should be discouraged。

 But what's important that is it something it is done in a way that is comfortable that it puts neither them at significant risk and one which brings for them both the the act of a satisfactory conclusion。

 because the man supports his weight on his arms。And being a big guy， you know。

 you can only go for something before you before you start getting out a puff， you know？😊。

As well as the aabbs， you do tend to sweat， which isn't nice。

 obviously being big and it's not nice for the person underneath。Because obviously， you know。

 gravity takes effect， you know， so it's not it's not the best thing in the world unfortunately because you can't really do a lot。

 I mean you can't move and it's hard to get up because it's like when you're like that， you know。

 you've got to use a lot of energy to sort of push yourself back up if you need to get out the way if you can't get into a certain position at the time。

 don't kill the mood， don't spoil it。😊，🎼Just go to something else。 You know， a bit of for play。

 but carry on， just keep going and going and going。 And because at the end of the day。

 it's not all about penetration。 An alternative to penetration is for the man to rub his penis along the fat folds on the woman's body。

 This type of sex can be performed with relative ease。 But whichever way you choose to have sex。

 If you're overweight， you need to be cautious。🎼The health risks associated with being very obese for a man are a much greater risk of heart disease about four times at the normal rate。

 but by the time you become the super obese you're looking at as many as 20 times the risk of heart disease。

 40 times the risk of dietary diabetes and of course erectile dysfunction。

 problems having and maintaining an erection and just physical inability to become sexually active。😊。

🎼Supersize model Taylor weighs in at over 500 pounds， yet she has no problem enjoying great sex。😊。

Well I think the biggest myth about。🎼Fad people is that we can't have sex。

 that orgasm is inachievable， or nothing could be further from the truth。

🎼Taylor has no problem attracting the opposite sex。 Pra， I hate to be tuing my own horn。

 but I do get a lot of letters is because for years， they've drawn pictures。Of women like me。

🎼Thinking there is never anybody really out there that looks like that。

 And then here I am in the flesh。 we call the men who like large women Fs。

 which stands for fat admirer。 men who like large women。

 consider us so very feminine and very pillowlike， because we do feel like a little clouds for them。

 Once they found the right partner there is no psychological reason why people who overweight or obese can't enjoy sex。

 Its about self esteem。 If they're with someone who makes them feel good。

 then they're going to have a good sex life。😊，🎼While many people who are overweight will enjoy a healthy sex life。

 you must be careful that if you experience any breathlessness or chest pain during sex。

 you should contact your doctor。😊，🎼Still to come， why some women prefer to have sex with other women than what they can teach men about arousal and orgasm。

😊，🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st Cury sex。

🎼One in four women have fantasized about having sex with another woman。

 is this because they believe only another woman truly knows how to arouse them。😊。

🎼Many men admit to fantasizing about lesbian sex， but by definition。

 lesbians aren't sexually interested in men Hollywood star Angelina Jolie has been voted as the woman most lesbians want to have sex with It's now even considered chic and it doesn't take long for Hollywood's finest to embrace a new trend Hollywood's most famous lesbian couple in recent years。

 Ellen Degenererous and Alexandra Henderison split last year after Ellen's very public affair with All McBale actress Portia de Rossi。

😊，🎼The word Dyke first appeared in a British newspaper in 1710 to describe two cross dressing pirates Anne Bonnie and Mary Reed。

😊，🎼Once perceived as an insult， Dyke is now being reclaimed proudly by some lesbians who categorize themselves as butchdykes。

 if they're more masculine or baby diykes if they're young and risk the out。

 and the term lipstick lesbian sometimes refers to women who express their more glamorous side。😊。

🎼In the UK， around 6% of the population are gay， lesbian or bisexual。

🎼It's impossible to determine an exact figure。😊，🎼Because people's sexual preference is prone to change throughout their lifetime。

🎼You'll find that there are lots of curious or questioning women who will experiment with lesbian sex these days compared to how they used to be and I think that's the way society is going。

And， you know， that's， that's not an unhealthy thing。

There are a lot of women that will bisexual and some lesbian women。

 clearly that will tell you that it's about the person It might not be necessarily just about quotes body parts。

 Everybody is born with the ability to love the same sex physically and emotionally。

 But our environment and our experiences， you know， deter who we become as adult。Part of my life。

 I've just wanted to be with a woman。 I'm not interested in men， men as friends， great。

 still fancy them， but I'm not interested in having a relationship with them。

There is no face of lesbians today。They can be anywhere and anyone， you know， they can be judges。

 they can be teachers， they can be dancers。 And that's what it's all about。

 If I look at feminine women， I cannot tell who is gay and who is not butch women they've got this aura about them that just screams out I am and lesbian as well Where feminine women because we're just slightly more feminine girly Perhaps we haven't got that aura about us we leave women mysterious we are like is she isn't she So you can't tell kind of like that though It's more mysterious。

 more fun。 we are female， we know our bodies really well So we know what we know it It's probably easier for us to give a woman pleasure than perhaps a man seod is and the touching the sensuality。

 the connection It's about the bodies together and just the way women are with one another It's just I almost think it's just an innate attuned feeling that women have with each other。

 A lot of people。Think that lesbian sex is all gentle， caresses and sweet and nice。

 as opposed to a man ravaging a woman heterosexually。 But no。

 women can get pretty nasty with each other and tear each other's clothes off and go at it。

 Sex is sex with lesbians。 It's possible to do every single position。😊。

🎼That it is for a male or female from your oral 69 positions to doggy starved spoons， scissors。

 going on top， all of that is exactly what you could do with a guy there's there's no boundaries because you can do everything as long as you put your mind to it。

 you can do anything you want to do。😊，🎼Compared to how things used to be women are more sexually emancipated。

 they're better able to express their sexual desires and to experiment and be in control of sex before you know right probably right up until the 7s and 80s men weren almost in charge sexually whereas as now women can quite happily take control I like to have sex with women pretty much the same way as I do with men I mean there's not much difference that we use toys instead of。

🎼A real penis which sometimes is even better because they vibrate 67% of women having sex with women use sex toys as part of their lovemaking and 15% admit to using a strap on but what's the appeal of a substitute penis？

😊，🎼I feel quite masculine it's not the easiest things to use either you do have to get a knack of it because like swing it's the swing in and out。

 you have to get the knack of that。😊，🎼K get aggressive of it。

 I think because you just that masculine thing of just wearing a cock。😊，Just make you and I。

 I don't know。🎼Because I feel like like I'm the man。

 I'm taking control and because you really are taking control then aren't you double ends I really enjoy because then you can both。

😊，🎼Do yourself and watch each other and you know what I mean it's they're more erotic because you're both sharing at the same time so it's very much I can see you know the toy and her she can see the toy and me and we're both working together at it so you're both giving each other pleasure at the same time You don't have to just use it like front onward you can turn around you can do anything with it you know one can suck it or into each other's whatever。

😊，You know， in。🎼Yeah， I just think it's just a more passionate toy to use The biggest myth is that lesbians are waiting for a real man who can change them。

🤢，There is no real man out there that can change their perception。

 their love of the human female form。🎼I can see the beauty in a woman and。

Why wouldn't you want to be of a woman basically， know what mean God， they're amazing。

 they're gorgeous。😊，I'd much rather have a pretty。🎼Beautiful。

 gorgeous stunning girl because that's what's nice to my eye， you know。

 and it just makes you think four。🤢，🎼You know， don have a bit of that。

🎼Our mission on the Girl's Guide to 21st centuryur sex is to get you experiencing and enjoying better sex We can give you tips and advice but ultimately it's up to you to express yourself and put it all into action so join us next week as we continue our journey through the facts。

 the myths and the science behind human sexuality。😊。

🎼Next time on a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex。🎼Every man has a secret desire to be bigger。

 but do the DIY penis enlargement creams and gadgets work？

🎼The secret behind the stimulation of the female penis， the clitoris。

 and the shocking tale of the woman who cut off her husband's penis and the groundbreaking surgical attempt to reattach it。

😊。