# 【A27】其他未分类：12、最全男女口爱教程合集：性学专家现场指导《口爱》教程：性学家现场指导kou爱教学【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

。Hello and welcome everyone。 Today I'm going to share some tips and tricks and techniques to improve your or sexual skills。

 Now， before we get started， though， let's get a refresher course on female sexual anatomy。😊。

🎼Here we have the Outer Ra， this is a good place to start movie in。With massage。

 if you rub these lips， it helps begin the arousal process。

The inner labia are more sensitive than the outer labia， and when a woman is turned on。

 they will swell and deepen in color。The urethra is the holy pee out of。

The vaginal opening is the most sensitive part of the vagina。

The skin where the inner lips meet at the bottom is called the foreschet。

The area between the vagina and the anus is the perineum。

🎼Skin where the inner lips meet at the top is the fenulum。

 and this can be a very sensitive spot for many women。

 The clal hood is the skin that protects the clitoral glands。

 It's similar to the foreskin on a man's penis Under the hood is the clitoral glands。😊。

🎼The clitoral glands， which some people refer to simply as the clitoris。

 is the most sensitive part of the woman's body。 It contains 68000 nerve endings。

 It's important to remember that clitoris isn't just some tiny little nub。

 It's a complex system of tissue， muscles， nerves and ligaments。🎼Beneath the hood。

 the clitoris has a shaft， which runs from the gland to the bottom of the fulum。

 The legs of the clitoris are like two ends of a wishbone and spanned from the shaft all the way to the foreschet。

 And just on the inside of the vaginal opening，1 to 2 inches is the G spot。😊。

Now today I'm going to show you many different techniques， tips and tricks。

 but the important thing to remember is that each and every single woman is different and the best way to finding out what gets her partner off is constant communication and experimenting with different pressures and different techniques Oral sex is incredibly pleasurable for most women。

And for some women it is the shorefire way to orgasm。

 the important thing to remember is to go slowly it's all about the buildup。

I think a three dimensional model would be much better than this silly diagram， don't you？

I would love to welcome my lovely assistant Ariel。NowA's going to be helping with with a lot of things today。

 but I think we should get you just a little bit more naked so we can review our anatomy lesson。

Rs demonstrate some different positions for world sacks。🎼First。

 she lays on her back and I lay on my stomach between her legs。

 This position can be changed in a bunch of different ways。 She can lift one leg or both。

We can put a pillow or this great liberator shape under her butt for easier access and a better angle。

She can scoot to the end of a bed or a chair or a table and eye can kneeel in front of her。

Now I think I'm going to need a pillow from my knees。This is good because we're both comfortable。

 I can reach her parts and I can make eye contact with her。

Or I can lay on my back and she can lower herself down onto my mouth。From here。

 she can position herself exactly where she likes and control the amount of pressure and tease me too。

If we put her on her hands and knees， I can come at her from behind。

As you try out different positions， it's important。

That you pick one that's incredibly comfortable for both of you that you're not putting any strain on your body。

Although the clitis is the most sensitive part of a woman's body。

 and clitorial stimulation is the most common road to orgasm when you begin， don't go there first。

 use your fingers to massage her entire vulva， lick your fingers or use some loo。

 as tempting as it is， avoid her clip for now。🎼A woman's clitoris is so sensitive that when she's not aroused。

 rubbing it directly can be uncomfortable or downright painful。 Besides。

 there's a whole world of pussy waiting for you。 Explore her outer and inner lips， Her perinem。

 kiss her as gently as you would。 her other lips。 No tongue right off the bat。

 Just your lips to hers。Next， give her labia some long， slow lick with a flat tongue。

Stop mid vagina before you get near the fulum or the base of the clitoris。

 Just concentrate on the inner lips and the vaginal opening。You want to get her warmed up。

 you want her clitoris to getting gorged so it becomes ready for stimulation。

So what if she steers you to the clip right away？嗯。And by all means， go for it。

I'm just giving you some generalities to avoid pitfalls。

 each woman knows her own body and what she likes best if she gives you directions， follow them。

Here's where the ice cream lick works well。 Pretend you are licking a dripping ice cream cone。

 begin at the bottom and slowly lick your way to the top， keeping your tongue flat。

When you get to a clitoris， you have a few options。

 you can either jump over it to just above the clital hood。

 remember that the shaft of the clitoris extends back from the gland so if you stimulate the area above the hood。

 you're stimulating that shaft。Give yourself permission to experiment in the beginning。

 trying out different things to see what she likes best。Keep your tongue flat and make wide。

 long strokes。Savour every stroke of the tongue。 Don't rush it。Pussy licking should never be rushed。

Tser a bit by making sensual strokes and taking your mouth away for a second。

 this will build tension。Try short light flicks with the tip of your tongue。Vertical lick feel great。

 make sure she's nice and warmed up before you do them。

Try horizontal licks and feel your tongue moving the glands from side to side。

Trace slow circles around her clip or try making tight circles on either side。For all of these。

 try different speeds， different amounts of pressure， and different angles。

Here's a technique I call give and take She grinds and presses into you。

 you keep your tongue flat and still。🎼Then she stops and you take over。

 moving your tongue in one of the directions just discussed。 You stop， she takes over。

 This is also a way to make the most of your energy。 If you find yourself getting tired。

 this is a good way to take a rest。🎼Take the clitoris between your lips and gently suck on it。

 See how she responds to this technique。 Some women prefer sucking to lighter flicks of the tongue。

 You can create suction alone， or you can add your tongue to the mix。

 moving it vertically or horizontally as you suck。う。嗯。That harder and harder。🎼我了。嗯。

You can slip a well lud finger into her pussy while your mouth is working her over。

 Try inserting one finger and then curving it upward to a G spot。

 Make a motion with your finger as if youre telling her to come here。No。对。응 응。Yeah。啊。嗯。

The next 1 I want to show you is called the pressure technique。Pull back。chef。Hold it down。

This is what I'm going to do with my mouth。And I'm going to keep my tongue going right over her clip。

holding everything down。What's how she shakes。You want to apply pressure to just above the clitoral hood as you increase the pressure of your tongue on the hood。

You can do this with your upper lip， your gums， or your finger， or a vibrator。

The important thing is to switch it up in the beginning， see what works， What really gets her going。

 Pay attention to what she's responding to。Once she's rev up and ready for more。

 then pick that one technique she likes best and concentrate on it。あ。嗯。

You want to strive for consistency and focus。 It's easy for the orgasm to be within her grasp。

 Then suddenly， you move or change what you're doing or speed up。 And all of a sudden， it's gone。嗯啊。

嗯。嗯。あ。哦。🎼啊。啊。あい。うん。嗯。あ。🎼嗯。Hello。う。嗯啊。啊。After a woman has just come like Arriiel has just done。

The clip is incredibly sensitive， so you can play all along the outside here。

You have to leave a little wrong。And also， Arriiel let us know when she's ready for more。嗯。

Im through communication with your partner， so will you。嗯。

And here we have a nicely lovely pink dildo， which she， which Ariel has chosen herself。

And even though she's already wet， and I could probably slide this in with no problem。

But who put preference on here， which is Arabs。Can never have enough loop。ども。제랑。야야 내都디。응。응。

For PC muscles are very， very strong。I like long， slow strokes。あ好。鸡。哦。啊。你板。On take呢。啊。哦。うは。嗯。哇。

And she can see she's。Fucking yourself on it。哦。And if your mouth or tongue ever gets too tired。

Can use your fingers like I'm using now more vibrator。W those。You can let her fuck herself。嗯。嗯。

Think about better as well。Okay。啊。아 너무。哦。哦。哦。哦。No。Fster。어 어 어。嗯。Yeahや。嗯。嗯。啊。啊啊。哦。啊啊。되 좋아요。

I'm going to help you set up darling。So you can finish the workshop。

I feel it takes a really long time for me to reach orgasm， and I feel very。Is there anything？我 that。

There is no acceptable or normal amount of time to have an orgasm。If you put pressure on yourself。

 it's just going to get you into a whole lot of trouble。 He gets tired。

 He can switch off with a vibrator， fingers， a dildo。 and when he's ready to resume。Jump back in。Mhm。

Well， thank you all for coming and thank you so much， Eric for being such a great sport。

All of you at home， please keep watching for more demonstrations。Including different techniques。

 positions， and tricks for oral sex， and be sure to check out the extras on this DVD for more important information about safer sex。

🎼，🎼Richard and I have been together since I was 16。 I met him when I was1 11 years old。

 and I knew at that point。I wanted to marry him。 Well， the thing with Kelly is is I know her。Body。

 because we've been together for so long。 I like to talk about it away from actually having sex。 me。

 I'd be like， do you like the way I give you head。 and hed be like。Yeah， you know， and I'd be like。

 what do you really like， Do you like it when I suck on your balls or， you know。

 my lips are really tight or， you know， things of that nature。 And then that kind of leads into him。

 you know， being able to ask the question or even you bringing it up， saying， you know。

 I really like it when。You do this。Well， I， I like verbal instructions。 It， it turns me on。

So I guess if a girl's telling me what she likes and what she doesn't like。

 I get even more excited about it。 I want her to get off as much as I want to get off。

 What I like about Richard lick my pussy is。😊，He does it like soft and like you know。

 we communicate a lot while we're having sex。 it's， you know。

 I'll be like oh right there and you know he recognizes that。 and if she doesn't tell me。

 then I really try and listen to what she says in her body through her body through her movements and the expressions that she gives in her face as well the way I like my pussy like it's like a soft touch but like on my cl with the tongue going back and forth from side to side every once in a while I look it up。

 I'm not big and I like having it sucked on I like it just the tongue going back and forth。

 and then like makes my legs tingle and then I know I just my body starts twitching a little and mainly of like around I don't know。

 my thighs start twitching it's kind of weird but。That's how I know it's good I love I love to watch her be able to get off to come and I know that that is the number one way to make her come。

Don't rush to take off her underwear right away。Tse her pussy with your mouth over her panties to build tension。

嗯。哦。对。哦。嗯。어 어。Yeah。🎼Oh。嗯。啊。There there。嗯。응 응 응 응 응。嗯。응。Yes。嗯。嗯。🎼嗯。

Try moving your tongue from the bottom of her outer labia up and over。

 just above the cliteral hood and back down the other labia。啊。嗯。うん。啊。Okay。嗯。Oh。

When she's on her back and you lay between her legs， you both get a great view of the action。

🎼You can see her entire body spread wide open for you and stroke her belly。

 her breasts and her thighs。She can watch as you give her pleasure and touch your head in arm。

You can have face to face communication， and it's a relaxing position for her so she can stay in it for a while。

She can bend one knee or both to make it more comfortable。哦。哦。

Remember not to neglect the rest of her body。 Str and squeeze her inner thighs。

 Play with her breasts and nipples。呵呵。そ。Yeah。Go said are。Its really good。Great。嗯。成色的。Yes。嗯。

It is sensitive， yeah。Let me do it again。Yeah。嗯。哦。Making eye contact with one another connects you during this intimate act。

You can see her reaction and she can see your enthusiasm。If your mouth。

 jaw or neck begins to get tired， stop for a moment and let her take over with her hand。

As she stimulates her cl， she keeps the arousal building， and you can take a break。

 You can also alternate between your mouth and your hand to conserve your energy。哦。嗯。嗯。嗯。Oh。嗯。嗯。嗯。

Slip the finger inside her and curve your finger to stimulate her g spot。

Some women have a particular side of the clitoris that they like stimulated。

Rather than direct stimulation right on top of the hood， they like indirect stimulation on one side。

哦。Oh。哦。69 positions offer simultaneous stimulation for both of you。In this variation。

 each of you lies on your side， making it a very comfortable alternative。

 It's also easy to use your hands。Again， it's okay if one or both of you take a break from what you're doing at any time。

After all， you're likely to get distracted by what your partner is doing to you at some point。嗯。啊。

Yeah。嗯。그。Mmm。In this variation of 69， she lays on her back and he lays over her。

He has easy access to her pussy with his mouth and fingers。

 and she has good access to his balls and butt。In this position。

 she can't give a very intense blow job because her movement is limited。嗯。嗯嗯。嗯。응 응 응 응 응 응？啊。嗯。嗯。嗯。嗯。

哦。啊。う。是。啊 so so歌。嗯。嗯。嗯。🎼With the help of two liberator shapes。

 he can lay on the bottom and angle his head easily to reach her pussy。

She has much more freedom and control to stimulate his cock with her hand， her mouth， or both。啊。아。嗯。

嗯。哎呀。啊。嗯。응 응 그래。啊，哇。啊。嗯。嗯。啊。嗯。不そ呀。哎呀。Yeah。嗯。嗯。Yeah。嗯。🎼嗯。嗯。嗯。🎼嗯。嗯。嗯。嗯，一直啊。ちて我 your 해啊嗯。嗯啊。🎼嗯。嗯。哦啊。응。

嗯也。嗯。啊。Oh， god姐。아就说别意。嗯。Oh。嗯。嗯。あ。嗯。嗯你。嗯。嗯。嗯。啊。哎。嗯。嗯。Yeah。嗯。嗯。你。啊。哎呦。死。我。嗯。Yeah。Yeah。응。啊嗯。嗯。Oh。🎼あ。Oh。

음。嗯，不是。嗯。嗯。系。嗯。嗯。嗯。Yeah。嗯。Yu。い。응。か见。嗯。🎼嗯啊。你啊。いやい。啊。嗯。When you're on top。

 you can control the exact angle and pressure of the stimulation。If you're the person on the bottom。

 make sure you're comfortable and not putting undue strain on your neck。

You can lie back and have her straddle your face or try this unique spin on the position by using the edge of a couch。

 a pillow， and the floor。嗯。嗯。哦。Mmhmm。いや。ちゃん次。嗯m。All。哦。M。

He can keep his tongue flat and still while you move back and forth against it。

🎼You can grind against his mouth， tongue and face。 Just make sure he can still breathe。嗯。嗯。嗯。嗯。응。

Yeah。Oh。あうん。嗯。🎼但。たです。🎼Oh。うふ。🎼嗯。は。啊。Yeah。Yeahや。Yeah。うん。嗯。Yeah。嗯。🎼すさする。So that。Uh。여 왜。嗯。哎。It was great。

 yeah it was great。😊，Alborate a little。嗯。Well， I don't know。 I just。

I'd love for him to go down on me， and。Like， once I get started。

 I can just keep going and going and going。 And of course， that happened today。And。Yeah， sorry。

And I love to be able to get her off like that。 That's， that's a big turn on for me。

 I think my favorite position was being on my back。 It's always been over， you know。

 the course of years。 but a position that I had never done。😊，Was the being on our sides in 69。

 which I found to be very comfortable。 So thatll be a new one for us。 my favorite position is 69。

 I mean， I love that for oral。 but the the sideways 69 was definitely one that I want to experiment with experiment with a lot more。

 Yeah， it was great。😊，If you had any piece of advice， each one of you。To。

People out there who want to improve their oral sex skills。嗯。Tll me what would yours be？

I'd probably say， you know， stay open minded experiment。And be willing to listen to your partner。

 You know， look at their body movement， you know， the body language in which。How they respond， how。

 you know， to you。Whatever it is you're doing。I guess that's probably mine too， you know。

 just take your time， know， know her body， Yeah， learn it， explore it， have fun with it。You know。

If it feels good， do it some more。And more and more。I love pusseding because you get the taste。

 it's like making out which is one of my favorite things in the world to do and you know the response is good to teasing。

 I like teasing you know， like hot breath on my pussy or like even through the clothes， you know。

 they rub it a little bit and like if they rub the outsides like the bones and not actually touch the pussy that that really gets me wet one of the main complaints that women had is guys just rush to it。

They go to the clip like a horse to a feed。And the longer you could take into a woman's clip。

 the better。If you could just spend half an hour eating out around the panty line。

 driving a woman crazy， then just eating out the Libia maga， the Libia manorah。

 getting that good taste， and then hit the clip。 When I'm on my back and somebody's lick in my pussy。

 what I really like is from that angle， you can spread it open as far as it can。

 And that for some reason really turns me on， I like to be spread open。

 My best oral sex technique is probably patience。And it's like unwrapping a present when you first take those panties off and I want。

Those panties to be on as long as possible， and I want to just breathe。

Her smells and just take forever。 It's like taking a car trip if you。

Look like you know where you're going and it's a long trip。

 it's a great road trip if you don't know what you're doing， they just want to be over with but。

You know， having the confidence and。Letting the woman know you know where you're going and just taking a nice long car trip When Jack looks my pusy。

 he uses a whole variety of techniques set that he's like acquired over the years or whatever so he doesn't have like one specific way to do it and I like variety so。

You know， a little spicy variety gives me a bigger orgasm。

The main thing to get over the sore neck and the sore jaw and the tongue that feels like it's going to fall off is just to eat more pussy。

🎼Some women worry that their vaginas may have a bad odor。

 and this prevents them from asking or letting their partners go down on them。

All vaginas have a natural smell， and all you need is regular bathing to ensure you're clean and ready for cunnelingus。

Frequent douching is not recommended， since it can disrupt the natural balance of bacteria in the vagina。

ふふ。Women have different preferences when it comes to how they groom their pubic hair。

It's nice to trim the hair on your inner lips and around the vaginal opening so your partner can get a mouthful that's more vulva and less pubic hair。

You could also choose to remove the hair by shaving or waxing。

Some people say that shaving increases their sensitivity。

Shaving your pussy can be an erotic experience for both of you。🎼Be careful。Begin with slow。

 sensual foreplay。🎼Explore her hip bones， her inner thighs。

 the area around her vulva and pubic mound。The more you tease her。

 the more her excitement and arousal builds。嗯。嗯。In the beginning。

 try different techniques to see what she responds to。

 make sure to talk to your partner and listen to her body as well。I she time shaking。🎼嗯。し。嗯。

Once the woman is very aroused， her cliteral glands will swell。

Some women like it when you pull back the clital hood and directly stimulate the gland。🎼However。

 others find their glands is too sensitive for this kind of direct stimulation and prefer it when you allow the hood to cover the glands。

Ask your partner what she likes and don't be afraid to experiment。🎼I。While on your back。

 you can lift up your hips and grind into his mouth and tongue while he keeps his tongue flat and still against your pussy。

This is a way for you to control the stimulation and can also be an opportunity for him to rest his tongue。

嗯。응 so my。Slip a pillow or a liberator shape under her butt to give you a better angle and easier access to her pussy。

嗯。啊。嗯。嗯。嗯。嗯。嗯。あ。哎。🎼When you're on your back， if it's comfortable and you're flexible enough。

 you can bring your legs back to your chest。 This allows for deeper penetration with fingers or toys and gives your partner access to your perineum and anal opening。

🎼Yes。嗯。啊。Yes。嗯。In dogggy style position， you can easily reach your G spot with your fingers。嗯。嗯。啊。Oh。

If your mouth， jaw or neck start to get tired， continue stimulating her clitoris with your fingers to give yourself a rest。

嗯。啊。嗯。嗯。嗯。嗯。啊。嗯。嗯。This position also gives you easy access to her ass。

 where you can stroke and squeeze her butt cheeks， lick her perineum。

 and orally stimulate her anal opening， which is full of nerve endings and very sensitive。

Liicking herass is called anollingous， but it's more commonly known as rimming。

Use your tongue to explore the folds of the tight pucker to trace the outside of the opening or to slip just inside the opening。

嗯。嗯。啊。啊。嗯。啊。啊。嗯。嗯。嗯。嗯。あ。嗯。あ。嗯。哦。응。嗯。嗯。嗯。嗯。就你。啊。哦。啊。そうじや。啊。啊。あの。そうや。Oh。어어。啊。嗯。Yeah。还有。嗯。😊，嗯。Oh呀。嗯。嗯。嗯。

啊。啊。哎嗯。嗯。嗯。うYes。あ。Oh呀。嗯啊。Oh。啊啊。嗯。嗯。Oh。嗯。Oh。Oh yeah。啊。啊我呀。嗯。うんは。我。嗯。哎呀。あ。あ。嗯啊啊。嗯。大家。啊。そう？Oh， fuck。啊啊。

Oh呀。Im gonna跳。Oh。は。啊。啊。🎼こあ。うんは。Oh呀。嗯。嗯。One of the things that I know drives women crazy is avoiding the clip for as long as possible I like to be built up。

 you know， to where I am squirming and and I am sweating and you know it's almost like if he even breathes on it wrong after I've been built up that I'll just explode in his face。

 I think when you're with somebody for the first time you don't really， you know。

 you feel kind of uncomfortable with with telling them you know to the left or to the right or anything like that because it you're wrapped up in the heat and the passion and stuff like that and you don't want to make it seem like all of his efforts are futile communication is super。

 super important if you can get a dialogue。A lot of guys don't like being told what to do。

 but a really wise man will ask what to do， it's not an insult to their sexuality。And。

Sex is art for people who can't paint。And this is a chance for everybody to be an artist I can paint I can paint a little bit too。

 but the main thing is it's。The main thing is you， you know。

Having somebody sttomp on your creativity never feels good， but then again。

 if you are comfortable with yourself enough to say， hey， what do you like？And get an honest answer。

 then everybody's going to be happy。I really like when he licks my asshole and while he fingers me。

And I also like fingering myself while he eats me out。系他追身。Yeah it was fun for me。

