# 【A27】其他未分类：35、男性增大详细：维格尔-男性增大增粗练习术：阴茎增长训练术：阴茎增长训练术(4)【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Of blasters。What you'll need to do here is take your flacci penis。And wrap it slowly。

Around your testicles， like so。This is a bit awkward at first。

But once you successfully get into this position like。So。You want to take that package？And slowly。

Turn it。And increase the intensity。You should be feeling it throughout your entire shaft all the way down and underneath。

You' want to hold this for 30 to 60 seconds。Once this is complete。You can unravel it。And rewrap。

To the other side。Pretty much the same exact thing， just the opposite side。

Once you get in that position。Hold it。And increase the intensity。To that side。

You're going to hold this for 30 to 60 seconds。🎼Here's my trap squeezes。

 What you want to do is get yourself 80% erect。 kggle as much blood as you can。

 gripping at the extreme base。While using the other hand。To give squeezes going down the shaft。

Go here。Is to increase growthth。By expanding penile tissue along the shaft。

🎼This is a traction stretch where you'll be using a piece of PVC pipe。

That will weave underneath your flac of penis。Over one arm。And supported by the opposite leg。

Once in this position。Slowly in increments you'll be using that hand to turn the pipe while the other hand is stretching downward simultaneously。

You want to hold this stretch for 30 to 60 seconds。

Increasing the intensity as much as possible throughout the entire stretch。As you see。

 I'm increasing it here more。🎼And more。And tiny increments。Tesical health massage。

 taking your completely fluacted penis。Using lubricant。What you want to do？

Is get your scrotum completely relaxed。Bring it above your penis like so。Once in this position。

In the palm of your hand。For all the testicles。Around。That palm against the other hand。

We want to do this for 30 to 60 seconds。🎼It should feel nice。And relax。

Moving all the fluid around and your sc them。Once you complete this for 30 to 60 seconds。

What you'll want to do。You start to work。All the fluid around and your scrotum like so。

Avoiding the testicles。Massaging it。Slowly but firmly。During this period， you could look for lumps。

That might show up。Is an early warning sign for any kind of problems you might be having。

This will also help your penis relax completely。Once you complete that。

 what you want to do is grab your balls like so。And your penis。

And stretch in opposite directions like so。What this is doing is helping your penis。

Hang at a much lower angle when you're flaccid， giving you that hung look。

🎼Due between 30 and 60 of these。This is my double force gel and bend。

 What you want to do is get yourself semi erect using a lubricant。You'll want to gel up。

Jlk up and then bend downwards with the palm of the hand。Jk， joke， bend。Jelk。

 j bend this is doesn't have to be in any certain order， the idea here is to get a couple jels in。

And then continue with a bend forward using the palm to your hand。The idea here。

Is to why you're gelking， increasing your girth， but at the same time pushing down against your ligaments。

These are my pometric stretches， basically what you want to do。Is take your flacci penis。Like so。

Stretching。In a constant motion back and forth。I like to support the base while I'm doing this。

The idea here。Is to shock the penile tissue into growing。As with other stretches。

 you'll be holding it for a long period of time with this one you won't。

There'll be a constant fluctuation like so。I like to do this。About 100 times。

And then maybe start with the other hand， like so。To another direction。Tripping out the head。Again。

A back and forth motion。Again， I'll do it to this side for about 100 times。

You want to put constant pressure loose and then really tight， loose， then tight， like so。

🎼Take your flacci penis。Using standard OK gripping the balls。🎼And gripping just below the head。

Pulling your testicles up。While you're stretching downward with the penis。The idea here。

Is to increase the length of the penis while at the same time。

Increasing the flaccid hang of the penis by stretching the testicles。

You want to hold this for 30 to 60 seconds。Like so。

And then what you'll want to do is switch positions。🎼To where you'd be pulling the penis upward。

But the testicle's down。Again， you want to hold this for 30 to 60 seconds。

Feeling the stress throughout your testicles and your penis。Just take your penis。

Stray out in front of you， grabbing it。Like so。And do rotary stretches。

🎼You want to do between 25 and 50 of these， depending on。How comfortable you feel？Very。

 very intense stretching out。And almost like you're stirring a pot of soup。

Fing it deep into the legs。Increasing intensityly throughout the whole stretch。Tggling the blood in。

Spanning the head。Squeezing the blood out。Like so， Caagle in。Squeeze out。I'mJust using your hands。

Cp down off of the base。Squeeze the gland， Let a little blood out。Camp it back off。Pulling forward。

 slightly。With the open home of your other hand， you're going to be pushing against the glands。

Basically， you're pushing this way and pulling out this way this hand。Pushing in with this hand。

The same time。And this is a slow squash joke。You hold each one for about 30 seconds at a time。

If you start to lose some of your erection after about 30 seconds， you can stop。Repeat the keeggel。

 get some more blood in， pull forward and repeat very good shaft expander。

