# 【A03】【言爱社】：06、艳舞私房课：艳舞花招私房课：三.舞蹈难度：中级：15.慢动作解析：面对面椅子舞【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Let's see the step by step breakdown of this dance。

Sitting in front of your partner with your knees wide apart and your back straight。

 circle your chest。🎼Lean forward and touch him slowly。 Then touch yourself。

 keep your back straight and remember to look at him playfully as you do this。😊。

Bring your legs together and move your hands up your body， then bring them down with chest circles。

🎼Then slowly put your knees wide apart again。 keeping your back straight。

 reach down with your right shoulder to your left knee。

 then slowly move right as if trying to reach the right knee with the left shoulder。

 Then get up and do it again in the opposite direction。

 Sitting on the edge of your chair and put 1 ft on his chair between his legs。

 keeping your weight on your hands and 1 ft。 Li your hips and the other leg up。

 Then bring the straight leg down slowly while bringing your hips back to your chair。😊。

🎼Put your feet down and get up， raising your hips first。

 Walk behind your partner and do hip circles and body waves behind him。

 Julia is standing at a distance for better demonstration。

 but you can stand very close to your partner so that he can feel you moving。😊，🎼Another option。

 if you'd like him to see you stand next to him， not behind him。

 Julia included both options in her routine。Walk behind your chair。

🎼Lean forward with your back straight and your feet wide apart。

 Cross your arms and turn the chair around sharply。 Sit down on it with your legs wide apart。😊。

Move slowly and circle your chest， then wave your hair slowly。

Slide your hands down the back of your chair， make it sexy。

 pretend like it's his body you're touching。Get up， raising your hips first again。

 and stand in front of him facing your chair。Put your hands on the chair， arch your back。

 and circle your hips。🎼Turn around and give him a playful look。

