# 【A24】捆绑教程：臀部捆绑【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

This is a tutorial for a hip harness designed by Naruss for suspension。

 The first step is to perform a standard single column tie on the hips。

 placing the wraps between the two hip bones and running over the most prominent part of the butt。

It's very important for the integrity and safety of this tie to lock the bite by passing the rope through。

Firm broke tension is required to maintain effectiveness。

Proceed by placing two flat parallel wraps around the thigh about this height。

Then close all three wraps with the friction shown。Make sure you place the friction， send a thigh。

 and compact it well so it does its job。Done properly。

 this slowly move minimally during the most dynamic suspensions。

Repeat a mirror image on the opposite thigh。This time， when you've completed the friction。

 you will continue to the center knot and create another friction to lock off。

Check you remembered to secure the bite。Now， continue by making a wrap that sits on top of the hips。

And back to the starting point。Make a friction as shown。Then， another wrap。And close at the centre。

 not。Dress the bindings to avoid gaps and twists that might cause discomfort。

This completes the functional stage。Unless you are very lucky。You will have excess rope to use up。

 or you might want to provide extra support。Here's one suggestion for doing so。 However。

 any aesthetic and secure finishing is fine。As you can see。

 the harness provides a number of excellent suspension points here in the center， for example。

 and either side。