# 【A03】【言爱社】：06、艳舞私房课：艳舞花招私房课：一.顶级艳舞易学易用：1.怕东施效颦，艳舞9个窍门先了解一下【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

🎼First of all， we advise you to practice dancing on your own， get used to the feeling， the music。

 the clothes you will wear and the moves you will make。🎼ますお。

Pay attention to your posture and practice the walk。It might not seem important。

 but it's the foundation of any graceful dance move。Good posture also conveys confidence。

Special clothes and makeup are not only creating a better performance。

 they're making you feel sexy and confident be sure to wear what you feel comfortable in。

Take some time to relax before the dance， get into the seductive mood。

 get ready to enjoy yourself and play your mood and attitude matter a lot in your performance。

 so relax and move slowly and sensually Keep the lightss on You're dancing to show yourself not to hide yourself。

Dimming the lights， however， can create a seductive ambiience。

Remember that you are in control of the performance whatever you do is right because it's your show and you set the rules。

 enjoy yourself。🎼You分。Remember to look at him all the time。

You will look confident and sexy when while dancing， you throw playful looks at him。🎼You分又累。🎼The。

🎼Touch yourself while you dance。 You can also close your eyes or look aside when you do this。

 This is very easy， but extremely sexy。 You know this。 smiling helps you relax。

 feel more confident and show him that you're enjoying what you do。😊。

Play with whatever you have on or around you， clothes， accessories。

 even furniture can be used in your dance， be creative。

