# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：顺带涨一大波各种前戏小技巧：2实战演示：如何一边前戏一边脱衣？【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Welcome back。 And I want to share with you some of my favorite hack when it comes to kind of foul play and removing underwear。

 How do you take off a bra and underwear in a sexy seductive， playful kind of way。

 So I always start just caressing my， my partners。 Then one very important tip is always notice a gorgeous underwear。

 They have and complimentment on it。 and just notice it because they put so much effort。 So enjoy it。

 drink it in。😊，And once I'm just touching her body， I want to change her leverage closer to my body。

 And the secret is just pulling on opposite direction。 Once you pull。

 then you could remove from the shoulder， pulling back and take care off the beautiful。

 expensive underwear sometime。 and just put it down right here。 There real care of it。

 And then once you' done with the bra， you want to pull， flip， lay down， cares and touch。😊。

And then now to the underwear。 So when it comes to removing the underwear。

 what I'm going to have her do is just placing her heel on my shoulders Should she have leverage。

 So I could ask her to lift her butt。 And then you could pull her underwear really nicely off。

And if you don't want to lose her underwear， kind one of kind of a sexy thing is that you could turn this into armband。

 which I find it kind of hot。 because I have long hair。 Sometime I turn this into a hair tie。

And then she goes like， so sexy。 You wearing my underwear on your head。

And then you kind of play with this energy and that is how it's done。

