# 【A27】其他未分类：5、极致体验（推荐）：第三部4：极致体验— 女性高潮射水：国际潮吹权威示范【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

This is a very exciting time very happy to be able to share this and feel very honored。

To be able to share this with so many people。The art of creating orgassms。

It's such a shot in the dark， isn't it， I mean， I looked everywhere to learn this stuff。

And I didn't find much。 I talked to doctors。 I talked to women who were orgasmic。 I talked to。

 I read books I。Experimented with dozens of girls， and it was such a shot in the dark。 It was really。

A frustrating thing to learn because there's so little information out there。 I mean。

 we're talking about people who still argue about whether or not there's a G spot。So。Here we go。

 And here I am today， after 18 years of research。Getting ready to show you this。Now。

 the first thing I want to tell you is if the woman does not have a sense of humor。

She's probably not ready。And I don't mean to be judgmental here。

 It's just the fact sense of humor is the greatest indication of。High self esteem。

And they need to have a certain amount of self esteem for this to work。Otherwise。

 there's too much tension and fear based emotion if you think about in our society。

 when I first learned this stuff。And I started talking with people about it。

 They would get so uptight。And so why would you want to learn this and that kind of thing that it became really。

An overwhelming task， so now I only share these techniques with people who pay me。

People that are ready to learn it。And。So be very， very careful with who you train。To do this。

 and it all comes back to fear based emotion， there's so much shame and anger and guilt。And。Money。

And so much ego based， judgment based。嗯。Things that go along with sexuality in our culture。

That this is really a great way to heal， to start healing。

People is by helping the women to release all this trapped sexual tension in their bodies。So。

Just talk about how I discovered this。Just by playing with my girlfriend's coachess and asking them。

 how does this feel and how does that feel？And all of a sudden I could get them squiring。

It was a real shot in the dark， and then I met a guy named Steve P。Who had a whole system。

Based in massage techniques。Now， this is the most important piece of the puzzle is if you don't work out the tension spots in the female body。

And get the blood flowing properly， get her breathing properly， it's going to be very。

 very difficult if not impossible to get her squirting。You'll also notice that a lot of women。

 when you put your fingers inside them， they tense their muscles and they stop breathing。

These women are going to need 12 to 15 massage sessions。

 and they're going to need other things to help them clear out the fear based emotions。

So if they have a sense of humor， though， that's a good place to start。So。Let's get started。

 we're going to be showing you guys Gi with the speculum。

 we're going to go inside and open her up and I'm going to explain some of the things that this involves。

Hi， welcome back， we're going to be using grapesed oil。Okay， it is a very， very cheap $5 a gallon。

And it's probably the world's greatest massage oil， and you can also go inside。The cooch。

 the woman's vagina with this oil and it's actually really good for her This is chelated amin E so I'm going to show you guys。

With the speculum。Hello， this is the lovely guitar。지 되게 됐어。It's important to get a lot of oil。

they're all over。Put a little bit on the inside， as well。欲し？Yeah， this is a speculum。でな今日。うさ slow。

Okay。Okay。그 바로단절 되야。Okay， can you get right in there， Go it。Now。

 I want to show you the value of kgels。 This is a woman who has done thousands of keggels。Ga。

 do you want to do a couple keggels for us， look at the muscle structure that she has going on in there。

That is the greatest way to increase orgasmic response potential。

So kgggels is just tightening the muscles。The PC muscles。Holding for a few seconds and releasing。

 Do you want to do a couple more。 I bet you she could break this thing。 She's so strong in there。Now。

 the next thing I wanna show you guys。Is the urethra。Can you see the urethra right here， the hole。

That is where she will be ejaculating from。Just like men。

 we urinate and we ejaculate from the same whole。 it is the same thing for women。

 they urinate and they ejaculate from the same whole， and they know the difference。

 just like men know the difference， women know the difference as well。

So I just wanted to show you guys that what that looks like。 This is the clitoris。

I want going to just remove this。No。You're okay。Now。

 a trick that I've discovered is that when you play with the woman's clitoris。And she has an orgasm。

 very often She'll ask you to stop touching her because it becomes too sensitive。

So what I've noticed is rather than keep playing with it。

And making her uncomfortable as I would just leave it there。And what tends to happen is she'll。

 she'll calm down and she'll have another orgasm and then another and another。

 And I'm just leaving my finger there。 So a great way to bring a woman to orgasm is to just go like this。

And Gia is veryorgamic。And when she comes， just hold the clitoris， don't put too much pressure on。

 just kind of leave your hand there and what'll happen is it will start to cycle over and over again that was one of the discoveries I made while I was on the road to discovering actual ejaculation squirting。

So now what I want to show you guys is。The massage techniques。 So Gita， could you turn around。

 please。Okay， and you want to use a lot of oil。You can heat it up a little bit in the microwave if you like。

 but it's not necessary。Just put a lot of oil all over the body。うんちん。ケけさんね。Okay。

 now that she's all nice and lubricated， shiny。You want to just massage their necks a little bit。

 notice if there's any spots where there's it might feel like a piece of rice。

or even the size of a P， if there's a lot of tension， and when you find the spots。

 if you find the spots， you want to keep working on them until they go away。

If you keep working on the spot， it will unclog itself and go away。嗯。

The next thing that you want to do， Cta has been massaged so much that she doesn't have any of these tension spots that I'm referring to。

 she had them。Another thing you want to do is bring their arm up like that， now take a deep breath。

 either。And as she lets it out， I will go all the way inside。Under the shoulder blade。

That's right take another deep breath。That's right， all the way in。And I will keep working that。

Over and over。For several minutes at a time。This is a lot of work。

 we're just giving you guys a quick intro。Let's do the other one。Take a nice， deep breath。

AndShe lets it out。えさ。It helps to have several people around。Helping with the massage。

So if you can get a bunch of girls together， that's the ultimate。CanAnother a deep breath。

And then just kind of work your way down。If you notice any tension spots。

Just kind of work out like there's one here。Hows that feel。Mmmm。There we go。Okay， now。

An important one is right in here。And you you't really need to communicate with the woman on this one up。

 they know where it is， they know down。They're right there。Right。Right here。Okay， and they'll jump。

And you've got to just kind of work it out。It's not pleasant。Okay。

 so you're going to do a lot of work on these ones。

 especially because they have a lot of tension that goes in right in these spots。Another spot。

Typically is around here on the inside of the thigh， and they will tell you where this is。

Do I have it？And we'll take， right？So you want to just work in there。And work out detention。

 Sp a lot of time on these areas。 The women will bruise。As you massage them。

 so it's important that they eat oranges the next couple of days and give them one or two sessions a week maximum。

So then we work on this one。D will tell me where it is when I find it。There it is， it tickles。

And hers at the same time。So you worked that one out as well。

And then what we do is we flip them over。嗯。And着。🤧。嗯。What of royal old。Set the belly button ring。

We really wanna do this thoroughly， too。嗯。Okay， another typical tension spot。As。You wna work。

On their lungs， right below the collar bone。Ask her to take a deep breath。And do one at a time。

And then slowly let it out。Work your way in there。Take another deep breath。

So you want to do a lot of work in this area。In this area as well， just working out de。

ok so take a take a deep breath，That's right all the way into the belly and let it out as they let it out。

 just work your way in there。That's right。Take another deep breath。Not to too hard。

 but the first things cannot fit too hard。But， pretty hard。AndWork your way in there。

 And so you want to spend a lot of time on this。You want to do both sides as well。

 Take a deep breath。すか。That's right， So we want to spend a lot of time on all of these points。

 We're just zipping through it。To show you where the points are。

Another one that you'll find typically is at the top of the woman's breast see is。

That's where tension tend to sit in so you want to work it out。Just kind of play with it。

 go a circle once you feel it。you just kind of work with it until it goes away。

 it will start to smooth out。And。Here's another one here。 Small one。よこして。なつ。

Geta doesn't have very much tension left anymore because she's dating me I we've done a lot of work on this。

Now， another spot typically is on the bottom of the breast。 you may find several。

Just want to find them if they're there。 I don't really find any with Gita。And just work out。

I'm just doing a pretend one here， because there's really not much in here。

They want to work out those spots here。Okay， do we do under here， too。You can， if you want。

Just work on the rib cage as well on around the rib cage and just massage it。The next。

 here's the some of the most important spots。You're going to find like a V。

Here at the top of the pubic bone， if you dig in。And you want to do a lot of work on this area。

 I mean hours of work on this area and just work out， there will be a lot of tension spots。😔。

It's a very sensitive spot you got to be careful， but you got to do it and it's going to hurt them。

That's just the way it goes， but consult with your doctor。So you want to work with that spot a lot。

Okay， not too hard， but not too soft。 either。 You've gotta work out the tension。

Another tension spot is on all on the side of the coch。

If you see Gita doesn't really have these anymore， but she did， she had a little piece。

 it feels like a piece of rice in there。And so we worked it out。

 we spent a lot of hours working on these spots。So you spend a lot of time on it。 and you just。

rap them out。Go find the top if there's anything。Here at the top， just work on it。

 It's just a matter of every woman is different。 It's just a matter of finding where the tension spots are。

 These are just the typical。AtTtention spots。嗯。So， that's it。 That's not。

And massage thing is the most important piece because it gets the blood flowing in the body。

And it gets them ready for what we call real orgasms。Okay， so the woman has a sense of humor。

 She's done lots of kles。You've spent the last couple of weeks or even months。

Massaging out all the pressure points and spending time together connecting。

And now we're ready to make her squirt。And we're ready to give her a real orga。

 so what you want to do again， get a lot of grape seed oil all over your hands。

you wna take these two fingers，And you want to just go inside。The one like that。

 these two fingers facing down。And knees middle fingers going up。Okay， I'm not gonna do。

 I'm not doing anything fancy inside the women's vagina。 I'm just going in and up。

Into her cheese spot。It's a good idea to hold their pubic bone like this。Just to hold them down。

 And what you're about to see is going to seem a little bit rough。

It's going to seem like I'm being too rough with her。But this is where babies are born。

 she can take it， and if it hurts her in any way， she'll tell me or she'll tell you。

 so if this seems rough to you guys， it's not。So you go in with the two fingers like that。

 and then you start going up and down。Like this。 Up and down。あな。気持ち。こなし。気違ない。ああ。う嗯。好。

And she starting to come。그。Doest feel good。いや私。ああ。まず。She's starting to squirt now。じゃなくじ話。あ。好好。别 girl。

Okay noticeice her whole body is part of this， this is a whole body orgasm。That's it。

This is all involuntary。That's。What's more。へへへへ。😊，Okay， look in her face。Can you bring your face up。

 look at her face。Happy， and we call that happy。So I'm going to put some more oil on because oil is leaving。

It's very important to have lots of。lots of go else。Okay。Breathe， that's right。

 Breathe all the way into your belly。哦对。不や。早く。あ。何しだら。不 is。This is weeks of training。

 this isn't the finger technique， it's the massaging。うんうん。嗯。And so it continues to go on its own。

 it's like a machine， it cycles and she just has orgasm after orgasm。girl， now look at her face。

Look at her face， can you get her face in there？へ。吃饭呢。気よくれ。Look at that beautiful face。

That is your reward。Okay now very important piece， drink your g because she's letting go of a lot of liquid do you want to feed them bananas？

Some raw pumpkin seeds。A little ginger and a lot of water or even gatorade， power aid。

 something like that， otherwise they'll become very dehydrated。Here has some more。

I similar character。那了面称呼。See， she's still spa it。I connected it to this。こ白。

I've connected it to kissing here。Which I'll show you guys how to do that later。Okay。

 if you want to do one more？Thank you嗯。Former okay。So I've got a lot of oil here。嗯。

Go in when you're in there it's going to feel like a balloon is starting to grow and spasm inside her that means she's ready to squirt that's how I know it's time to remove my fingers it's almost like she pushes my fingers out。

So I hold her here。有。这す。All in long。Hold in as long as you can。Okay。早か。I'm just holding her clip。

Okayけ。我们。Okay， there hold。This ist the part that impresses me。 This is the part that impresses me。

ピールソ。へへ。😊，peSee she has to pee she knows the difference She just said I have to pee now。你个 be okay 。

你经个片。Okay， now could you get her？うタンド。She's going to have a difficult time standing。ちじちゃん。Okay。

 ladies and gentlemen， the world's first satisfied woman。うい。Thank you So not making better woman。

Can you let go pe，And do me two seconds。Do now， No， I'd be okay。

You might want to add in there that afterwards it's like。This is like suing gears， and you have to。

It's like switching gear and then they'll go to the bathroom it'll take five to 10 minutes like into pe mode I love I love Okay。

 have fun switching gears we'll stay here in play。Now。

 I just wanted to point out here that if you notice， it's not just。

It's not just a localized kind of orgasm if you watch porn。And the women then porn when they squirt。

You will notice that they stop breathing。And their bodies go very。

 very tense and that's why people think it's pe because it kind of looks like pe that when you do the massage stuff and you clear out。

 help them clear out their fears，And you develop a real relationship with someone。

 you'll start to get the whole body involved in the orgasm because it's a real letting go of fear。

Is what this comes down to。Lano， shame and guilt and other fear based emotions。

And so this is a full body orgasm where they're shaking and spasming。

 shaking like a dog shooting peach pits。That's what it is。So I just wanted to throw in that piece。

Okay， welcome back， I want to talk a little bit about troubleshooting。

The first thing that comes to mind is the sense of humor if it's not there。Good luck。

There's too much tension in that woman's body what you're going to need to do is get my。

Moving beyond approach anxiety， MP3， there's a technique in there that I share。

That you can use to clear out any fear based emotion， whether it be guilt， anxiety， shame。

Anything you can think of， it will clear it out if you do it thoroughly。

So that's a really key piece is getting all those fear based emotions out of the body and not repressing them。

 a lot of people what they do with their emotions as they repress them。That is not， this is it。

Releasing。And healing。嗯。Another thing that comes to mind is that a lot of women are。

Self conscious or ashamed of their bodies in one way or another。And so you can use that technique。

To clear that out。Another thing that really helps。For these types of women is to actually blindfold them。

If they're visual women。They tend to talk really fast。

 use a lot of visual predis and things like that， try blindfolding them。

 they'll stop being self conscious。they'll start to get into their body and feel their body。

So that's a really key piece that I picked up。Another thing is。That a lot of women are afraid。

That they're1 a P。Because what happens is you need to release if you're a woman。

 you need to release your PC muscle at the time of orgasm， you need to let it go。And。

The worst thing that can happen is that you pee， you're not going to pee。

 but if you think of it like this， what's the big deal， you just clean up the mess when you're done。

Again， if the women insist that they're afraid to pee， they're afraid to pee。

 you can use the carbonmen clearing technique。To help clear out that fear based emotion。

And if they don't want to do it， if they're just insisting that it's P and stuff like that， then。

They're not ready， they're not vibrating high enough that they're not going to learn this。

 they're not going to be squing， especially not at the level that you guys have seen with GiA。😔，Okay。

 so there's a lot of work to be done。The massage sometimes will go to as many as 12 to 15 massage sessions。

12l to 15， two hour massage sessions。For them to start squirting。So。

One of the ways that you can measure it。Is。If they have a lot of tension in their body。

 if they overeat or drink or do drugs。This is really going to inhibit this。

 it's you must honor your body and take care of it。Yri。The rewards。

 one of the first things I look for。Is the dimples one from here？系。

You'll see that she has two dimples right here。This is a sign。 a lot of women have these dimples。

This is a sign that she will be very easy to train。

She'll be much easier to train than a girl that is flat because of she's flat here。

She's covered up her dimples with stress， tension and fat。

And that means that her blood it won't be flowing， it will cause lots of problems。

 so when they have dimples， your job becomes a lot easier。Okay so these are the squirter dimples。

 a lot of girls have these。A lot of women have these and they tend to be beautiful。

 they tend to have。You know， our glass figures， they tend to be healthy。

And that's the key to making this work is health if a woman is 300 pounds and she's depressed and she overeas。

It can be very， very difficult， if not impossible。To train her。And the art of squiring。

Multiple home body orgasms。嗯。Another thing that。What for the ones that are afraid to pe。あ。To me。

 it's just funny， but if they're really that afraid to pee and you can't really reassure them。

What I found is anchoring can be very useful for this。As well， where I did。

 in fact with Gita at the beginning of our relationship is that I went to the bathroom with her。

 I accompanied her。Do you want to come here？Let's sit right here。

 so imagine she's just sitting on the toilet that I just hold her hand。And at the moment of release。

 the moment she lets go of the PC muscle and allows herself to start urinating， I anchor it。

What that means is I squeeze her hand。And I say the words good girl。

It doesn't matter what you say that you can anchor it by squeezing her nose。

 it doesn't really matter how you do it， I just this is how I did it， I squeezed her hand。

 I said good girl and I did this with her three or four times。Gaveable lots of water。

So she went to the bathroom quite frequently that day， and that's what I did。

 I anchored as soon as she released and I could hear the trickle in the toilet， I would go。

 good girl， that's right。And't I did that over and over again throughout the day and then later on when I was。

Stimulating her clitoris。And playing with her， I grabbed her hand and I went。Good girl。

 And she squidage。So that's a very useful troubleshooting technique for the women that are afraid that they're going to pee。

嗯。Again， get my MP3 on。How to clear out fear based emotions， you can find it on ideagasms。 net。

It is 30 bucks well spent。Because you can use it to clear out any emotion that gets in the way of this。

 and there will be many。There beIn some cases there will be too many。

They won't even want to talk about it。Honor their right。And get a new。Or something。So that's it。

 that's the troubleshooting。Section， it's really a simple。

Thing as long as they're healthy and they have a decent sense of humor， self esteem。

And if they've got the squirter dipples， it means they took care of their body。

 they don't have very much tension。If you do the massage and you use the fingering technique enough and you have to have a relationship that has actual trust in it and loyalty。

If you guys are out cheating on each other and shaking your ass in the clubs every night。

 trying to get validation and playing all these power games with each other and all that stuff that most couples do。

You're going to need to get that together， you're going to need to get that part of your relationship handled if you expect to take it to this kind of level。

 this kind of level of squirting is the fruit of unconditional love。It's not just techniques。

Another thing for clearing out fear based emotions and rebalancing and healing the woman's body is shock or cleansing。

Go to your local metaphysical health practitioner and learn chakra cleansing。

It will change your life。We'Start to release and rebalance the energies。😔，It's trapped inside of one。

As well as your own Do you have anything to add for the troubleshooting？

'm not it's really quite simple Well， yeah， I mean。

 if if you have a lot of insecurities about this talk to your boyfriend or lover。

 you're going to need to get that handled。So thank you yeah。

 thank you very much for choosing our deepgasms。