# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：顺带涨一大波各种前戏小技巧：3实战演示：胸部唤起技巧【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Welcome back。 So I want to share some of my favorite technique when it comes to caressing brass or touching brass or giving a breast massage。

 So most lover do not enjoy being hoed。 like door knobbing or like this grabubby energy teenage boying。

 Look， I am totally a breast man。 And I love them。 And they're like， they're so distracting to me。

 But what I trying to do is initially is not go directly onto the nipple， but touching the bra line。

 And I learned this from my， my friend Ginner Viking。😊。

And really stroking around and trying to feel the whole thing。And I'm touching and just caressing。

 I'm always drinking every moment in， and just really feeling。

And you want to grab maybe the entire breast with pressure and compression。

 And compression is one of the key word he taught me is that you want to feel hugged。

 So the whole breast is being hugged and touched。 And if your partner enjoy nipple play。

 you could kind of start touching the nipple from here。 But you don't always start by yankking。

 pulling or honking。 That's terrible， awful。 So you really want to touch and caress and feel。🤢。

And enjoy。And you can massage their entire bras， especially work around where the bra sits to underwear。

 Sometimes really cuts in。 So it's nice to have some pressure and massage through。😊。

So I'm caressing and touching， and just always moving around her breast。

 And when I'm ready to touch her nipples， I'm kind of playing， I could pull， I could tuck。

And you could feel the glands underneath。 But compression is really key。 So， Lla。

 why don't you tell us a little bit about how you like your breast touchch。

So my nipples aren't very sensitive。 So that's not going to do a lot for me。 And actually。

 one of the things that feels better is a technique that I found with another lover where he put as much of my breast into his mouth as he could possibly fit。

 and then kind of a nibbling and sucking and biting sensation because I need a lot of pressure in order to feel something and something good Co So it's really about having more compression and moving my hands around and giving you lots of pressure here and not so much nipple touching。

😊，I have different experience with different lover when it comes to nipple sensitivityit。

 So I think it's always like a gauging what your lovers really want。

 But I love to try the technique on you。 and I'm sucking your breath as much as in my mouth。

 So I'm pullinging over。😊，So I want you to take as much of my breast into your mouth as you can。

 and then I want you to kind of a combination of like nibbling and sucking and biting。

 but don't be afraid to apply more pressure。Even more little more teeth， too。

Its kind of really nice to fill your nipple in the back of my like like having my throat by your nipple is kind of hot。

 it's like this sensation deep that tip so hot。Look as much as you can。嗯。

It really actually felt it right on my throat that's amazing。

So some of my favorite technique touching from behind is making her watch。

 as she touch her and just kind of massaging the same area。

 playing with her nipple and really make her look and love how it looks when I squeeze it together。

 especially Lola have such an amazing breast so I'm like teasing and playing and kind of caressing while just feeling them and pulling her checks closer to my body。

And sometimes you could apply a lot more pressure than you think it is comfortable or feels good。

 So I gotta halfway explain that in a second。