# 【A27】其他未分类：31、21世纪性爱指南：[21世纪性爱指南].A.Girls.Guide.To.21St.Century.Sex.4of8.TVRip.XvidDarmeth

🎼Tonight on the Girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex。

 the woman on top a position which gives you complete control of penetration。

🎼The dangers of taking illegal drugs to enhance sexual pleasure。

🎼Revealing the truth about male masturbation， why girls shouldn't take offense if their man still enjoys self stimulation。

🎼And one in 25 men over 40 suffer from paronis， the disease that can cause a bend in the penis and make sex impossible。

🎼Welcome to a Girl's guide to 21st centuryentury sex。 I'm Dr。 Catherine Hood。

 and over the next few weeks we're going to explore every aspect of lovemaking to improve you and your partner's performance。

😊，🎼Every show will dissect and analyse the world's most popular sexual positions and give you expert tuition on what works best in the bedroom。

🎼With our specially designed cameras we'll see what really happens to your body during intercourse。

🎼And will explode sexual myths and mysteries， from how to tackle erectile dysfunction to the thrills and dangers of group sex and even how men can have multiple orgasms。

😊，🎼But we' also bring the cautionary tales of sexually transmitted infections and the horror stories of how sex can go wrong。

🎼And the Girl Guide sex therapistist， Dr。 Ava Cadell and Lou Paget from Los Angeles will be here again to give you your very own personal one on one coaching sessions on everything from how to locate your GS to what can give you all round stimulation。

🎼Tonight how to arouse your partner by Riming， but first studies suggest that the average man will ejaculate at least 4。

000 times through masturbation alone， so here's the truth about male masturbation。😊。

🎼Spanking the monkey， choking the chicken， whatever you call it， it's something most men do。

🎼It's masturbation。🎼Historically frowned upon， masturbation is now generally considered healthy。

 pleasurable， and often an integral part of a person's sex life。

 Most men start masturbating during puberty， where male hormone urges become so strong that if they don't masturbate。

 they can ejaculate in their sleep， known as a wet dream。😊，🎼I started mastuating when I was 11。

🎼And I first， when I first started masturbating。🎼My way to master debate was to rub myself up and down on a bed。

 so I wasn't actually using my hands。🎼And for a good couple of years。

 that was the way that I first started masturbating and then from there。

🎼Kind of figured the right way to go。🎼Until relatively recent times。

 men were made to feel dirty for indulging themselves。

All sorts of devices were designed to prevent men practicing this sinful behavior。

One of the many myths that survived through the centuries was that doing it regularly could make you go blind。

It will not cause a person to go blind， or at least there is absolutely zilch scientific evidence to suggest that it would。

 It certainly won't make you go deaf。 It will not stunt your growth and as long as one is masturbating safely。

 that is not sticking a penis into things that it is not designed to be stuck into far from it doing harm。

 it can be pleasurable。 in Hollywood， Dr。 Ava Cadell conducts research into male masturbation techniques。

 She's a strong believer that self-timulation is an integral part of sex。

 masturbation is good for your health。Always has been。

 And one of the biggest myths was that it's bad for your health。 that if you masturbate。

 you're not going be able to make love with another person。

She hopeds her findings will help her female clients who have difficulty stimulating their partners。

 You want to masturbate with your partner because it's highly erotic And for those people who are dating but not monogamous。

 it's really erotic safe sex。 apart from sexual gratification。

 Are there any other benefits for men who masturbate regularly。In my practice。

 I will put masturbation on prescription for men who've got premature ejaculation。

If they learn when they're going to come and they learn the feeling just before the point of nor return by masturbating frequently。

 then they can learn to prolong that phase from arousal to to ejaculation。 If you masturbate， guys。

 it'll make your piece longer。 The technique to make the penis longer is simply to pull。

 I like to pull in circular motions as opposed to just pulling like this。

 because you've got to make sure that you don't trap any hair and also have wet hands Co your hands in oil or gentlemen。

 get your girlfriend to do this。 every night before you go to sleep。 She has to pull it 20 times。

And then in the morning， she can pull it 20 times。 They how's that for an exercise。

🎼Too much masturbation and in some cases cause differing degrees of sexual exhaustion。🎼In young men。

 it can lead to a condition called youth impotence。

 which causes pain around the groin area and the inability to have an erect。😊。

🎼It's perfectly natural for men to masturbate， even if they're in a relationship so don't worry if your partner occasionally likes to experience an orgasm without having sex with you and of course it's perfectly natural for you to do the same。

😊，🎼If however he masturbates a lot and is not really wanting to get intimate with you。

 then that can be a sign of a deeper emotional problem that you need to talk over。😊，Coming up。

🎼A position which gives you full control of the depth of penetration and the sensual art of riming。😊。

🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st Century Sex， Com up。

 how Ta drugs to enhance your sexual experience could ruin it forever。😊。

🎼And how one man still manages to have great sex， despite what life's thrown at him。😊，🎼First。

 most of us have sex in only one or two positions， but there are hundreds of imaginative and adventurous positions to have intercourse with your partner each has its own particular benefits。

 for instance， some are more appropriate if you're pregnant or overweight。

 others are suitable if your partner has a small penis。😊。

🎼Tonight's position is called the Reverse Cow Girlir。

 ideal for women who like to be in control in the bedroom。😊。

🎼I should warn you that the material you're about to see is of a particularly explicit nature。

🎼The termreverse cowowgir is believed to have originated from the United States With the woman in control of pace and rhythm。

 this empowering and fun position reflects the adventurous spirit of the Wild West。😊。

To assume the reverse cowgirl position， the man lies on his back while the woman sits on top of him facing in the opposite direction。

His legs are kept together as she sits astride him， using the power of her thighs to lift her up。

As the woman is on top， she's able to dictate the depth， rhythm and angle of penetration。

 which can help her to achieve orgasm。The man isn't able to reach the clitoris or breast in this position。

 So she has to do that for herself。 while the man can enjoy the very sensual view of his partner's back。

 buttocks and anus。😊，The visual stimulation， just from looking at the buttocks。

 can be intensely arousing for the man in this situation。

 This is because the buttocks signify femininity and signify fertility from having wide hips。

 which are very different from male buttocks。This is also a good position to assume if the man wishes to delay ejaculation。

Some doctors believe that when a man is resting on his back。

 both his ejaculation and erection reflexes are less intense than when upright。😊。

The deep penetration offered by this position also means that the glands penis。

 the sensitive erectile tip of the penis， doesn't receive such intense stimulation。

One of the greatest sexual taboos is the involvement of the anus during lovemaking。

It's often viewed as a secret or special place， and surrendering this area to your partner can be an act of trust and openness。

😊，In this position， the man is ideally situated to stimulate the woman's anus。

 and he can do this by moistening his finger with lubbricant or saliva and rubbing it around the sensitive area around her anus。

😊，Even inserting the finger， if desired。Although most people require direct stimulation to the genitals in order to achieve orgasm。

Anal stimulation alone can sometimes lead to climax in both men and women。

There are an enormous number of nerve endings around the anal opening， and it's this area。

 which is almost as sensitive。 And， in fact， many say as as sensitive as a vagina。

 but it's inside the anus that you have a sphincter， which reacts to both pressure and touch as well。

 and stimulation in this position by the man can also be very pleasurable。😊。

To feel closer to her partner， the woman may wish to lie forward and lay her torso along his legs。

If she moves her feet closer to her partner's head at this point and brings her legs closer to the side of his torso。

 this will increase pressure on the vaginal wall and heightened sensation for both partners。

If a greater intensity of thrusting is required， the woman can also lean backwards in this position。

At the moment of orgasm， activity in all areas of the brain slows down。

 and activity in the female emotion centers drops off。😊。

The male brain also experiences a level of deactivation in this area。

 but not to such a significant degree and remains more focused on genital stimulation。😊。

🎼Now Bill Clinton， along with 4% of men over 40， are diagnosed with Peroni' disease。

 a condition which causes the penis to bend and can make sex impossible。😊。

🎼It's thought to be caused by hardening of the penile tissue and a shocking 10% of sufferers are under the age of 30。

 and some are as young as 18。🎼If your man has a bend in his penis。

 then it could be due to this condition。In the most severe cases， sex becomes impossible。

 but it can be surgically corrected。🎼My penis mono points towards the floor and slightly to the left。

 which makes intercourse virtually impossible。🎼62 year old John Carter is suffering from Perona's disease。

 a condition which causes the penis to bend when it's erect。🎼Initially， a couple of years ago。

 there was a slight curvature in the shaft of the penis which didn't prevent penetration and just thought it was one of these things of age。

Yes， I was about it until it started getting progressively worse。 Instead of being a normal angle。

 the penis is now dipping down at a drastic degree。 So under erect conditions。

 you've got something that is very useless to use。So how does the penis become so extremely deformed？

Inflammation in the penis to start with。 And that heals by forming a scar。Now， scars。

 as in anywhere in the body， do not stretch。 And so when you have an erection。

 wherever that scar is on the penis， that part does not stretch。

 And so the deformity is the penis is then pulled over towards that scar。

Usually the lump forms on the top of the shaft， making the penis bend upwards。

 but if the lump is on the underside， it will bend downwards。🎼There's no problem obtain an erect。

 It's what you can do with it when you got。🎼A penis in the shape the mine is， penetration is very。

 very difficult and it's not to the full depth and you're penetraterating an angle。

🎼It does cause my wife pain and it's also painful for herself。🎼Here。

 surgeon David Ralph performs what's known as a Nesbitit operation to correct the curve in the patient's penis a 55 year。

😊，🎼First， the patient is given an artificial erection to see what type of deformity is present。

So from the end there， you can see with the penis erect。

 he has a 30 degree deformik going over to the patient's left。 Next。

 tissue is dissected off in order to allow access to the muscle。

Just done another artificial erection test。 And you can see that the maximum part of the curvature is about here。

And then we'll just grasp a little bit of tissue。Like so。 And then repeat the curve。

 which' trying to see whether we're actually in the right place。

So now we're doing the artificial erection test with the clampon。

 and you can see that the penis is straight。And so we know exactly where we need to excise some of the tissue to even at the sides。

OPD。Okay， so we've excited a little bit of tissue。Now here are the two edges。

So that when we stitch both this edge to this edge， then。

We've shortened the right hand side and the penis will now be straight。

You can see a repeat artificial erection after we've sewn up。And you can see that the penis is now。

Straight。The scar is underneath the foreskin。So you can see there's the incision that we've made to drop the skin down。

And then。The scar of that will be under his foreskin。 so there we go one straight penis。

John is now on the waiting list to have this operation。

 He hopes that the surgery will allow him to resume a normal sex life。 We're both looking forward to。

The operation being successful and getting back to a normal way of life。

🎼Severity of the disease varies， only a minority of men afflicted with proonniis are unable to engage sexually。

🎼Though it can reduce the hardness of a erection， it rarely causes impotence。

🎼Verrona's disease affects a lot of men， but they don't always require surgery。

🎼If your partner develops a hard lump on the top of his penis， gets pain with erections。

 or notices any bending， then he should see his GP。😊。

🎼Now if you're relatively fit and healthy then sex can be as ambitious as you want it to be limited only by your imagination。

 but what if you were to lose one of your senses become physically handicapped or even lose the use of all or part of your body Does it mean the end to your sex life No Through experimentation it's possible to discover what works for you and there are many aids。

 gadgets and techniques to make sex enjoyable for the disabled and their partners People say can you get a heart on or how do you get a hard on？

🎼Can you still have normal sex What is normal sex I would get questions from strangers in clubs。

Who come right out and ask you， can you still have sex？Sure I can still have sex。

 however not with you。🎼Sex isn't just a physical act。

 and losing the use of your legs doesn't mean your sex life is over。😊。

What control sexual function is essentially your brain。

 your brain and your spinal cord and the nerves need to be intact for arousal and orgasm to occur。

Those with spinal cord injury， because many of them have normal brains。

Should be able to enjoy sexual function， even if they don't feel。嗯。You know。

 their private past or feel enjoyment in the same way that they used to enjoy before。

There are ways around every injury in the majority of cases。

There should be a way forward in trying to achieve some satisfaction in sex， after disability。

36 year old Kana Stone broke her back at the age of 17 after a car accident。Disabled sex。

 I don't even know what disabled sex is。 My husband and I have。

I guarantee you more sex than most of the people I know。Walking around on their feet。

 The only position I feel that I can't do is to stand up。My sensation。

 as far as sexual sensation goes， is completely normal， completely like it was before the accident。

So that has not changed1， but。 And， in fact， if anything。

 it's perhaps been heightened in cases such as Carolinana， which depends on the nature of the injury。

 she clearly has what appears to be an incomplete injury that although she's lost function。

 meaning motor function。 She does retain sensation。

 And the reason for that is that the nerves find alternate pathways for reaching the spinal cord as well as the brain。

 as far as my disability and it coming into play with my sexuality。 Now。

 it really doesn't get in the way。 Sometimes we need to be a little bit more creative about getting into positions。

For instance， being on top， which is one of my favorite places to be because I'm kind of a control freak in that way and the body bouncer enables me to be on top The body bouncer is a metal frame with a rubber seat on it basically and a hole cut in the middle。

And she just sits on top of it or straddles it。 And I lay underneath it and enables her to be on top。

Do all the things that she likes to do on top。Let's me be in control。

🎼The public perception is often that the disabled are asexual。But that's far from accurate。

🎼Over 50% of men and women with spinal cord injury say they can experience orgasm。😊。

This can be achieved by their partner stimulating their remaining eroggeneous stones。

🎼But what if the woman still wants to be penetrated by her disabled partner？

🎼Kiwi and Jess have found a way of achieving just that。

🎼There are positions that I can get in now that I could never have gotten beforehand before I was disabled。

🎼I mean， no， you could put your extra on your neck。I can actually put my feet behind my head。

After a motorbike accident， Kiwi was paralyzed from his nipples down to his toes。

🎼Although he can no longer feel his penis， Kiwi's sex life is far from over。🎼We can do most things。

 cant， I don't think there's anything that we can't do。 We always try it once， and then。

🎼If we can't do it， we try again and again and we give up after about the 20th time of trying I would say we definitely are creative。

 we've got to be creative when it comes to sex。😊，🎼Kiwi's spinal injury has caused a massive loss of function。

 however in some parts of his body， sensation has actually increased dramatically。😊。

🎼Just just pulling my hair sometimes is enough。HaTo really get me going。 You know。

 when someone used the expression of someone walking over your grave。

 It's very much like you get the shiver going down your back。 Well。

 that's what I'm getting going down the back of my neck， all the way down the back。

 running between my ears when it's。😊，It's just nice。Since his accident。

 Kiwi can't feel his genitals and can't ejaculate。 But this doesn't stop him reaching a different type of orgasm。

 I can remember what my orgasms used to feel like before I had my accident。

They are very much the same。 Only the feelings that I have that I used to have in the end of my penis are now up in my head。

 So there's no difference other than the fact that I'm not actually passing something。 I'm。

 I'm reliving something。 How I actually get my orgasm is generally。🎼Visualally。

 getting off on what Jess is doing for me or from what I can see。

 or Jess will actually start playing with my nipples， which are highly sensitive。

she can actually start。🎼Sometimes because she can just be blowing on my nipples。

 other times she can actually bite and pull my nipple very hard。

🎼And there's so much excitement in my head and it actually feels like everything。

 all these little electrons are just bursting around all over the place and I will actually black out。

😊，🎼These mental orgasms have taken Kiwi years of practice to achieve。

 but he still can't move the lower part of his body。

 so how can he return the favour I've stimulated Jess and enough where she's got self worked up。

And she's now wanting me inside her。So the， the whole situation then stops。 We then have to stop our。

 our session of play。Jess will， for my pleasure， carry on with herself。

 whether it be with a vibrator or the fingers。 I will then get myself。

 What's class as a caval jet injection。🎼It's a needle， which I inject into the side of my penis。

 Caverja achieves normal erection。 It's in as near normal as possible。

 erections with caveverck could last for half an hour during such time。

 The partner might achieve several orgasms。 So this can be utilized positively for the benefit of the couple。

 So I now have have an erection。 I still cannot fail anything。 from that point then。

🎼Jess will actually get on top nine times that 10， first off。🎼get she will jump up and down。

 move about whichever。🎼Providing I can see what's happening。 I then get off。

Patients will naturally experience spasms as a result of their spinal cord injuries and sometimes use them during sex。

 As spasm is an involuntary movement， not under the control of the brain。

 It happens without the control of the individual， So I will actually spread my legs out。

And when my legs go out in front of me from sitting in the same position for so long。

 they will actually spas them。And Jess could actually sit on my penis whilst it's hard。

 and I will actually be like a vibrator， a human vibrator。 I'd definitely say that he satisfies me。

 And she obviously said， I mean， I'd be satisfied with her running around with no clothes on and I'm satisfied。

 but physically and mentally Im I'm satisfied。🎼So we've seen how the right prescription drugs have made Kiwi in Jess's sex life so much better。

😊，🎼Later， how using illegal drugs to enhance your sex life could ruin it。🎼Next。

 female multiple orgasms， what they feel like and how to increase your chances of having them。

🎼Lu Pagedget has been a certified sex educator in Los Angeles for over 10 years and reveals the facts about the mechanics of multiple orgasms。

😊，Tonight we'll be covering women's multiple orgasms。

 and some of you out there may actually have been having them and not know you've been having them。

So tonight again， I have four ladies joining me Jenny and Aaron believe that they have had multiple orgasms May I ask how they occurred for you I guess the first time I've given myself multiple orgasms。

Was just through me masturbation Was it with your fingers with a vibrator I'm very sensitive all I had to do is cross my legs and use my your PC muscles and that can initiate where the PC muscle is is it runs from the front to the back of the pelvic o sexes and during an orgasm that is the muscle group of muscles that is responsible for the contractions that you feel so the more tone the nature of the PC muscle is the greater response you know。

 the greater response people typically have。あ。For women。

 it is having more than one orgasm in the same love making event。This means that。

We do not go through a refractory phase that men do， so the blood remains pooled in the pelvis。

 so we have a much easier chance of being multiply orgasmic than men do。

Each woman's orgasmic reaction and orgasmic potential is unique。

 so thinking that you have to have what somebody else had。Thankfully。

 we can remove that performance thing。For all of us， if you're enjoying yourself， that's one thing。

 but please do not have it be that it's a performance thing we have to do。After the break。

 how the shocking trend of using illegal drugs to enhance sexual pleasure can ruin your sex life forever。

🎼Welcome back to a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex Many people think that taking illegal drugs can enhance their sexual experiences。

 but some stimulants like cocaine and ecstasy can do more harm than good。😊，🎼Cannabis， ecstasy。

 cocaine and other recreational drugs have often been used in the bedroom cocaine is one of the most commonly used illegal sex drugs men and women have been known to rub the powder on their genitals to hook premature ejaculation and prolonged orgasm some gay and bisexual men use popups or nitrates and have recently outlawed GHB This group of drugs a muscle relaxants and they help relax the anal sphyhincxter before sex but on the whole illegal drugs are used to alter a person's mental rather than physical state。

You can feel incredibly sexually confident and make love in a way that you might。

You might not have the gumption to do normally for Chris and thousands like him。

 taking drugs reduces sexual inhibitions。 but at what cost。

The dangers of using artificial stimulants during sex， for example。

 cocaine nececttsy andphetamine poppers， any of these drugs are that if you associate good sex with taking drugs it's like taking a third party into the bedroom。

 unless that third party is there， you won't have good sex。

🎼And sexual stimulants are becoming easier to get hold of。

🎼Ketamine is a prescription drug and is used by vets as a horse tranquilizer。

 but it's also popular on the dance scene。🎼It's a very surreal drug。 you can hallucinate a lot on it。

🎼I had a threesome once， and。🎼It felt like there was 100 hands on me。

🎼It's a very intense experience although because it's so hallucogenic you can sort of trip out and come around and you know sometimes you know you can be doing things that you wouldn't maybe necessarily do otherwise ketamine is a general anesthetic drug so that in other words it can affect your consciousness and affect your ability to feel pain makes you hallucinate and sort of behave in a very kind of odd manner it can also produce kind of respiratory depression the people can almost become unconscious so that essentially quite dangerous dangerous substance。

🎼The drug often associated with love and sex is ecstasy users report feelings of warmth。

 a heightened sense of touch and a significant loss of sexual inhibitions。😊。

🎼What it does is it really stimulates a lot of things like serotonin pathways as there's a massive surge of serotonin about an hour after taking it。

 and that can prove creators a great feeling of。😊，Bodiness and togetherness。

 this warmth and human empathy。 And it's some evidence that this may be neurotoxic I。e。

 It kind of knocks off brain cells。 And these brain cells may not recover or probably don't recover。

 So young people can cause themselves significant low long- termm damage in that way。

 But ecstasy can also have a negative impact on sexual performance。 It can affect your erection。

 It can make your penis shrivel up， you do keep going and going and going and going and you can't come。

 So you go and go and go and go some more。 and you still can't come。 And eventually。

 if you're lucky after a little while of stopping it starting and having imp puff in。

 you manage to have an orgasm， but。It's not guaranteed。 Chris also occasionally takess cocaine。

No longer the preserve of rock stars and celebrities。

 it's now used by an estimated three quarters of a million people in the UK。

 the ultimate upper it offers a quick but short lived high。

I like to chop up a line of Coke on my partners behind and then snort it off。

s it's a very central act。' it's quite sexy。 There's something a bit taboo about it and a bit dirty about it。

 which kind of makes it all the more arousing。🤢，Sex on Coke can be really good。

 It heightens your confidence， and you feel like a porn star and you have sex like a porn star。 And。

 you know， they feel the same。 And it just makes the whole experience a lot more frantic cocaine。

 either in its ordinary form or crack form， often enhances sexual pleasure initially。

 usually because it makes people very euphoric， very good of energy。

 It also can cause erectile dysfunction。 Art stimulants work by making people feel great and happy。

 But the downside is that when you stop taking them two or three days later， you get the come down。

 you get the opposite effect of what the drug causes。😊。

🎼So if you have regular use within a relationship， like an emotional roller coaster people can feel intensely fantastic。

 three or four days later feel absolutely miserable and that has huge psychological impact on how couples communicate how often they have sex。

 all these sorts of things， so it's really not to be recommended。😊。

🎼Many drugs are addictive and you can start to depend on them for your sexual experience。

 you can also develop a degree of tolerance and end up experimenting with a dangerous cocktail of drugs and different ways of taking them。

🎼And some have gone to extreme lengths to improve their sexual kick In 1987 in New York。

 a man injected cocaine into his penis before having sex with his girlfriend。

 his erection didn't subside for three days and nine days later Gangrene set in and he lost his legs。

 nine fingers and his penis。😊，Drugs really aren't the ideal route to heighten sexual pleasure Here's Hollywood sex therapist and loveologist Dr。

 Eva Cadell with a safer artificial stimulant for women。😊。

My top tip tonight is for what women can use as artificial enhancements to increase their orgasmic experience。

It's vi， it's a little topical solution that you just dab on your finger and then you put it around the vulva。

 that's the outside of the vagina。 Well， the ingredient niacin is going to make you feel warm and it's going to get the blood rushing to your genitals so that you have a quicker。

 bigger and longer orgasm try it， you'll like it。🎼If your mind is blurred。

 then your ability to consent to sex is blurred too。

 if you get yourself in such a state that you don't know what you're doing or you're not able to put up resistance。

 then you may find yourself in trouble and never forget many of these drugs are illegal。😊。

🎼Our mission on a Girl's Guide to 21st centuryy sex is to get you enjoying and experiencing better sex all we can do is give you advice and tipsUltimately it's up to you to express yourself and put it all into practice so join us next week as we continue our exciting journey into the myths。

 the facts and the science of human sexuality。😊，🎼Next time on a girl's guide to 21st centuryy sex。

 10% of men experience erectile dysfunction during their lifetime。

 the prosthetic device to give your man a helping hand and an erection。😊。

🎼Whilehy anal sex is no longer considered to bo for some couples。

 we'll dispel the myth surrounding it and explore how to introduce it to your lovemaking and we'll also examine the health risks attached to it。

🎼And the secrets of tantric sex， how men can have multiple orgasms too。

