# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：令她潮吹的5大基础技巧！（说明：这个直接露骨暴）：1实战演示：通过外阴触摸让对方潮吹的技巧【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Welcome back。 So I want to show you all the various technique After this is right after we warm up。

 she， her vva is ready， and I want to create some sensation on her clitoris on the outside。

 So one of my favorite technique is actually pinching。😊。

Her outer lips and just kind of use it against it。 and you can see you can see her clip moving right here and what I'm doing is I'm applyinging pressure onto her vva。

 grabbing her lips。And I am sliding her clip in between and really just kind of connect with her and feel。

 And you could see it moving around。 And remember， I show you the internal structure earlier。

 So I'm trying to feel the shaft of her clip。 So you could kind of feel like kind of like a ligaman。

And you could feel the different space between it and just kind of move it around and make it feel good for her and connect and feel。

 And I want you to move your body when it feels good or make some sound or whatever makes feels good to you。

😊，And the next stroke is tip is right here。 I call this a dipping tray。

 My favorite spot to put on some loops。 So this is some of my favorite silicon loop。

And I put the loop right here， it's sort of like where I could dip my finger。

 and I'm just moving it around。A little bit looping up my fingers。 This hand is still somewhat dry。

This is where I could really pull her hood back。And give her some sensation。

 kind of round a little bit around her clip first and not directly contacting her and arousing her。

And make her feel。And take some deep breath of me when it feels good。 And I'm still massaging。

 but now I'm a little bit closer， but no direct touches where I'm just kind of pinching。

And wiggling them around。And once I get a more warmamp up。

 I could have more direct sensation right on her clip and I feel her body moving。

And she's taking her deep breath。And what's interesting about Lola is that she's very quiet。

 right when she's feeling pleasure。 But once I tip her over when it's close to her climax。

 then she changed her sound completely。 So it's kind of fascinating。 So now， right now。

 I could play the clip talk game with her。 So you could see the clip right here。

 I start from 12 o'clock and just kind of move my hands around。😊。

Into2 o'clock and I'm just asking her at which clock face it feels good to her there okay so you like it at6 o'clock。

 beautiful， and I still move it around to nine o'clock。And kind of slowly moving around。

 So now we know that she likes it from 6 o'clock。 And you can see from earlier。

 her cl is a little bit more aroused and a little bit in goor with blood。

 So now I'm stroking down from her on top of clip。 just kind of stroking from a 6 o'clock stroke。

 It's called upstroke， actually。🎼And now I'm using one finger。

 So a lot of touching is all a lot of time is' about biomechanics。

 So now I could loop up more fingers， and I could give her more fingers stroking up。

 I like more fingers。 and like more fingers better。And then I could stroke it。 Now。

 I could apply more pressure onto to her。 Do you like it with more pressure。 I like a medium。

 medium pressure。 Got it。And then she could say if she wants it faster。

 remember the Pledger loop game。 So it's all about locating。 So first it's location。

 And then how much pressure。 So she's like like a 6 o'clock medium pressure。

 And then now I could move up to speed。And kind of move it around or maybe add a little bit more loop。

And I spread my fingers。And I might try a different move。 and 6 o'clock。

 I could go to decide applying more fresh shirt。 Does that feel good， Yeah， faster more。But ideally。

 you want to move your body where it's the easiest for you to give。 Okay。

 so in this position where if I want to apply a lot of speed， I would put my hand over。

And I could spread my finger a little bit and I could just rub rub and she's such a little squer。

So hard。 Good girl。嗯。They need lots of towel for this game okay。So I'm gonna to start。

 says now she's all warm up and I'm teasing her。 I want to show you a different technique using the back of my knuckles。

 So I'm getting this nice and wet。 again， if I'm teaching， I want my her fova facing the camera。

 But otherwise， I'd be kind of right in front of right in front of her in this position。

 So as you can see on my knuckle。 I'm just dragging and moving that around and kind of feeling her body It's a lot of movement and I kind of just playing around。

 going up and down， moving。 I think it's also beautiful to just wash a hand move。😊，Amazing machine。

And could go up and down this way using the back of your knuckle， which I could do quite fast。

 Or you could go sideway as you go up and down， which is kind of this。Crazy。

 swirling kind of motion and feeling good。And then back to where I'm touching her external。

 just on her vva and on her clip， applying medium pressure the way she likes it。

Now there's a lot of different debate when it comes to squirttting。 Do you need external stimulation。

 internal stimulation or combination of both It really depends on how experienced your partner is。

 So she thought of the Olympian when it comes to squirting so I could just stimulate her external size So what I'm going try to do right here is really make her feel good right So she told me already medium and I'm spreading and I want her to kind of react。

 she could squirt pretty easily externally that's。Okay。

