# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：真正让她愉悦的正确打开方式：1让她愉悦？触感数据、注意力、唤起场景三要素【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

🎼So in order for you to have pleasurable touch， there's three really important components。

 One is tactile data。 The tactile data is to experience in your brain do the different tactile sensation that you have in your skin。

 So when it comes to touching your skin， What I want you to do is like brush your arm a little bit different tactile data。

 Then you're smacking it。 right， your nerve ending。🎼Picks it up。

Different nerve ending picks up different data If you are pressure sensitive skins versus not pressure sensitive。

 So you tricep right here。 I want you to pinch a tricep right here。

 and I want you to pinch it kind of hard。 Just grab a little bit of skin。

 You feel a lot of sensation。 It it's quite painful。

 but your elbow is not treat it with the same nerve ending。 So I want you to squeeze it。

 pinch it really hard。 and it doesn't really hurt at all。

🎼But most people don't look at the vva and understand the different areas that register with different nerve endings。

 So a certain area we apply pressure feels a lot better。

 most people probably don't want you to pinch they clip the way that I just pinch my tricep。

 It's too sensitive for that。 So and there's so many different ways to cause different sensation。

 So you could have vibration。 you could have heat。 All those things are different。

 how much lupacan that you use how much gliding pressure fiction。

 So the next item on that list is attention。 So you could have all the right touches。

 the right sensation。 but if you' not pay attention to your sensation， you're not going to feel it。

 And a lot of us are kind of distracted when were having partner sex。 So some of us。

🎼Have much easier time having agasm by ourselves is that we are not distracted。

 We're picking the porn that we like that turns us on and we know how to touch self giving the right tactile data and then it's so much easier to have agasm because those conditions are met。

 so really important that you feel you are not only having the right tactile data but the attention。

The dirt part is context and context is what you could think of what turns you on as a scene so some people really like kinky stuff where you are the turn on is the D relationship diamonds is a mission for some people is like I want to be and make love to and as rose petals and candles for some people it's very central they like to massage each other and get into shower and feel their body for some people is。

Really。Like their psychological turn is really important for them。

 so they might be like a date full of tensions and you don't know if you go to sleep with this person and that really arouses you when context is missing。

 even if you have the best touch in the world and you're paying a lot of attention it doesn't feel good So for example。

Imagine you waking up in New York City and you have to go to work really early and it's sort of a cold day and then you walk onto the subway and you like half a week。

And if someone that you don't know that is kind of smelly touch of vagina perfectly。

 or are you paying tons of attention to it because you're like，  what the fuck。

 you wouldn't be necessary turn on even though it's the best touch you know。

 to you and you're paying lots of attention， so make sure turns you on and you fully arouse。

