# 【A27】其他未分类：45、第四套，科教教程：新婚：选修课程：如何点燃我的高潮点：性教育：女生的G点及如何让你的女友达到性高潮的_标清【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Okay， we're going to talk about the female gepot organom today。

I have a picture here of the woman's repy system， we can find her anus right here。

 we can find the entrance of the vagina right here。And this is the uritra and the bladder， okay。

 this spot right here in blue， it's the gpot。How do we stimulate this I totally recommend first before doing any type of stimulation。

 give her a nice massage， get her relax。However， you want to do it。

 it's important that she gets into an orgasmic state of mind， okay。

 she has to be relaxed and comfortable。And somewhat aroused before we start doing this， okay？

What we're going to do， we're going to lay here on the back， which is the easiest way to do this。

 We're going to loop our fingers very well， especially this finger and this finger。 Okay。

 and we're going to start。嗯。Tut your fingers very well so that you don't hurt her in case you have long fingers can hurt totally bit。

就。We've going to little very well， and we're going to go。Inside the vagina， about2 niine。

 That's about where we will find a gpot， which is a quarter size spot with a wrinkle sort of texture in it。

 okay。Sometimes it's hard to find it when it's not aroused， but once you start doing。

Go in to knuckles and start do this motion okay， you're going to do a come here motion right on the upper wall of her vagina。

 okay， we start doing this。We're going to see that it starts as swell。

 and you're going to find it quite easy， okay。We're going to do this for a while。

 start very slow and do it harder and harder the more shes arouse okay what's going to happen liquid is going to start to fill up the bbber。

 this liquid is not P， it's an odorless and colorless and sort of like with a sweet taste liquid。

This liquid is going to fill the plader and the more you do this is going to it will come to upon where he wants to come out。

 Okay， she's going to have the earth to be。 She needs to know this before you start， okay。

 because for her might be an uncomfortable。Feeling。

 so and she's actually going to let this come out of the urethra and is it's going to make a big mess in in the bed。

 if she， if she actually has。An orgasm， okay， so means she needs to be comfortable needs to know that you're okay with it。

 Okay， so start doing that， start doing it harder and harder。

 you can do it with the two fingers well， do this sort of like this come here motion with the two。

 which is sort of like a running man motion and start doing that。

Until she comes to a point where she's so aroused that she has an actual orgasm。

 she's going to start to shake， her muscles will start to contract and this liquid will come out。

 she's going to squirt， okay that's a squirting orgasm which is also gpot orgasm。When this comes out。

 she's going to have the most incredible orgasm you probably have ever seen in。

