# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：全球最权威、最新的女性 “快乐真谛” 科学研究：1 99%的直男都不了解女人“快乐的秘密”【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

So let's increase our cliteracy first， so cleracy is an understanding on female pleasure。

 so if you are a husband who's dedicated to your wife's pleasure the first thing you need to increase is cleracy。

Now， this is not a a。Looking down on men because men are rob off good sex education。

 all of us are rob off good sex education， this information it wasn't really available to recent a lot of research are brand new so I just want to deconstruct that information in a way that you could really learn it and make sense to it。

So I'm going to pick up my favorite Vo puppet and go over some key distinction about the clearest。

So the first thing is that we're going to go over the anatomy a little bit。

So this is the external vulva， what you see on the outside， and I'm go to go over in brought terms。

 this is the hook covering the clip。And here's the inner our lips。🎼And then。Right here。🎼I that you。

This is where P comes out。the vaginal opening right but this is the most important part their clitoris is hidden on the inside the majority of it is right on the inside so if you look at it thumb。

Pfile angle right， you see the bolt lies right here and the legs。Back a little bit。Like this。

But this is when it's in the state a non arousal when it's not fully turned on when it's not fully activated。

 and it does get engoorged with blood， which I will show later and then turn into like like a spaceship level when it's totally engoorged with blood just like malgenital gen ittaia。

 it needs to be engoged with blood。And fully and full arousal to get turned on。

And you see the next slide whereas in the first state as non arousal， right it flat， right like this。

Not sad， but I'll turn on。And then it goes full。Bag girl mode， right？

This is when pleasure is possible to folk get really engoorged with blood。

It gets really in goged with， you know， and it gets py so on the demo live later I'm going to show you what a clitoris looked like。

I go to show you what a clis look like when it's fully and gorgeous is when it's not。

So also if you look at it from this point of view as sitting this way， so when the Volva。

It's pointing down like this。Right。The clip is right here is sitting。And the bladder is right here。

And then of course， there's a cervix right here when you go all the way in。

To about here on the services。So here is one of my favorite animation from Mel Harris who is the center of erotic Inligence。

 you can see how this actually in motion， how it moves when you are in penetration。And also。

 as you can see how the clip will be。Create some fiction here to move the clitoris Now a lot of people think is what they feel is the sensation of the vaginal wall once you put inside。

The sensation that register in your brain， which I will explain later， is mostly from your clears。

 so cervix has the different。🎼Has a different。typepe of hogasm and we're not going to go too deep into it。

 but it's really moving the mobility of the clitoris and inside and the movement of it that does it create the pleasure now if you compare this to maleogenitalia this could be the head and you can think of this more of the shaft of the base。

And then I would explain why having just penetrative sex alone most of the time is a very challenging for most women to have a orgasm。

🎼But accommodation。On the next slide you see in the finger movement is not doing the typical finger jabbing。

🎼Right on that you see on。A lot of porn video， but you see it's really about the move metal so you want this to flop around in there and then if you are going in and out you could angle it in a way that hits the G spot right or the top wall。

So you can see on this diagram。You can see right。Here you see how the fingers move。Right on top。

 right the bladder is right here as where。It's eretta opening right there and going up and down right here is where the magic usually happens。

And I want to also talk about genital diversity Every woman has a different vva that every vva looked like this vva。

 some women who have longer lips， some women have shorter lips。

 some women who have more tissue that they're inner lips high。

 some women show some pus are covering long， some hoods are exposed to whole time there's no right pussy except their right genital preference that you have in genital compatibility and all vva these are P。

