# 【A11】两性宝典：两性宝典全集：猎艳宝典色狼技术：猎艳宝典色狼技术p【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Six。🎼It's free， it keeps you young and we gather it's quite fun， but how to get more of it。

 assuming we think that's a good idea。🎼。🎼It's never too much sex it's impossible to have too much sex Our friends would say I'll rather have a good meal seriously。

 seriously buy some manuals， learn some stuff。😊，🎼Get out more people who talk about sex a lot are probably not doing it very much。

🎼Even if you don't want to do more of it， just feeling more sexy is a wonderful thing。

 so what can you do to avoid being a total turnoff？

🎼If someone comes in with fantastic good looks but is vain。 that's a terrific switch off。

 don't you just hate it when， you know， like women just start to get the kids off straight away。😊。

🎼Doesn't that irritate you that's trying too hard there's definitely a link between lesbianism and good driving and heterosexual women and bad driving。

🎼Okay， not strictly relevant， but we thought you'd want to know Meanwhilewhile。

 where were we Oh yes I remember。🎼Tonight we'll be playing the Shag Mar or D party game with six well known celebrities well okay theirre photos to see who we have the hots for in Fantasyland。

One night done in Paris because she's just a dirty girl。😊，🎼Back on planetet Earth。

 would we choose the hottest totty on offer as a lifelong partner or someone who matches how we think we rate ourselves marry and having kids inship？

🎼I would have a long term relationship with that one there， because she's a proper salt really。

🎼But first， we all have our cunning ways of making someone fcier to knock them dead and make a big impression。

 but how long does it take to tell if you fancy someone or alternatively to tell them to push off？

🎼I know whether I'm physically attracted to them within the first。

🎼F seconds it depends what how good your eyes are， but I mean。

 assuming you can see clearly I probably know within 10 seconds sexual attraction almost instant the brain has got very good systems devoted to face analysis so you can analyze a face and tell whether or not you like a face very very quickly。

🎼So let's see how quickly is very quickly we took two girls and armed with a stopwatch。

 we asked some blokes to take as long as they liked to look at them and then tell us if they fancied them。

Or not。🎼How long did it take them to make up their minds？🎼So it's yes or no。

 would you or wouldn't you take a good look， you can play this one at home， beats countdown。

I would say it's not my time。I said， yeah， we've got a big conversation with， yeah。🎼Okay。

 don't go mad。🎼Not not attractive to me No don't force yourself your man sexy beast。

🎼She's cute not my part though fussy size What we have in our heads it's called a love map and basically this is a list that your brain develops over time and what it lists is all the physical characteristics of people that you've liked and fancied in the past and all the people that have liked and fancied you So when we see somebody your brain just goes mad and starts putting ticks and crosses in all the boxes like yes they've got the right hair color no they haven't and when you say oh my God I've got instant chemistry which some people call love at first sight it's just because both of you have got lots and lots of ticks in all the right boxes。

😊，Yes， she seems there， seems referri。😊，The boys in our little test are taking on average three seconds。

🎼Not bad， but how long will the girls take Surely the women will take longer being that bit fusser and will all those extra boxes to tick I think a woman takes in the whole man much more th first husband。

 for example。🎼I loved the boots he was wearing I'd say you know within the first five or10 seconds enough for them to just turn around enough for them to do 360 Z you've got a full view So okay ladies here are some potentially fanciable blokes for you to look at how long does it take you to decide who tickles you fancy？

😊，嗯。No。别。All right。第说这样。🎼9。🎼很差见。难。🎼Yeah， it's quite nice。So at an average of 2。

5 seconds the girls surprisingly turn out to be even faster than the boys at deciding whether or not they could have the hots for someone well。

 by a second or so。Either way， seems like we only have a nanosecond to make that big impression on someone we have our eyes on。

No pressure then。🎼Okay， so we decide whether we fancy someone frighteningly quickly doesn't mean we necessarily leap into bed with them trouble with the one night stand is you have to hold your stomach in for hours and you have to see them in the morning when the magic is worn off。

S out if you're now。It seems that more than half of us in the UK have had at least one one night stand。

🎼And a recent survey found that one in three women have one nightstand once or twice a month。

🎼Shocked， we were a bit， but maybe we've had sheltered lives。🎼When I was a student。

 I sha someone once for a five pound be， I was at a party with a group of friends that we had a whip round and I be them that I could pick up this guy。

 go out， go back to his place， sha him and be back in an hour。😊，And I did it。

 I don't see a problem with one night stand。 I think it's。

 it's up to up to the individual if they want to go for it and then go for it。 I've。

 I've had a few myself。 and I've， I don't see。 I don't have any regrets， so。

So half of us seem to have had a one nighter， but which of these celebs if a miracle occurred and the opportunity arose。

 would you choose to spend a night of passion with？🎼Not hard， we say。Maybe this one。

Probably not this one。🎼Or this one We decided to put it to the test and got our best scientists to take photos of three different celebs for people to choose who they were shag。

 marry， or date。🎼So the boys had to choose between Niella， Paris and Divina。

🎼You can actually tell a lot from a picture about the personality about the person so if you're looking for the you know would I sha them you're going to pick the best looking person if you're thinking long term you're probably going to look for different things like you know signs of you know intelligence or kindness things that are important to you you will search the face and try to find those as well and I suspect the person who just gets dated is something you're not quite sure of So let's see who the boys go for night's done with Paris because's。

😊，🎼Out of a one large da with Parat Hill， probably have to have a one night stand with Parat Hill and Ill them do a one night stand were very zil and。

 one night centre。Harerish。Definitely one I stand。🎼Well， I never。

 all the blokes went for one night in Paris， can't imagine why。

 but who will they choose for a more permanent relationship？

I'd marry Niella Lawson because she could cook me so I'd probably marry Niella Lawson because she's pretty damn good cook and she I would marry Niella Davina she's got a really nice bottom Mary she's a wife wife in me too。

😊，🎼When it comes to settling down， it seems our men prefer the cheek of Davina。

 or they vote with their stomachs and go for the domestic goddess， Niella， Smart move。

🎼But what about the women we gave them the choice of Simon Cwell。

 Lawrence Lou Eln Bowen and Daniel Craigray， First of all。

 who would they have the one night of steamy passion with。

 amazing how ready they all were to take it seriously night？Because of the money。

🎼I would have a one night S assignment because I like him in the least therefore I'd never have to see him again half night stands with。

😊，I would have the one night stand with Lawrence。🎼And date Simon C on the premise that if I did that。

 I wouldn't actually need to sleep with Simon C oops， sorry Simon。🎼That's odd。

 why is the obvious super hot hunk Daniel Craig done so poorly on the one night stand front？

🎼They don't want a one night stand with Daniel， but only because one night wouldn't be enough beautiful。

🎼And he's doublea7， he's my kind of man， he' probably be the guy that I'd marry for sure。

 so I want to marry to James Bond and I would marry him Mary Dad have the one there。😊，🎼So guys。

 you can be rich， you can be famous and you can be fun。

 but in the end there is no substitute for being Daniel Craig。B。

Whoever it is you fancy the pants off in real life or fantasy land， sooner or later。

 one of you is going to have to make the first move if you want to be heading here。🎼Rather than here。

🎼For here。🎼But if you want to know if he does love you so it's all in the kiss if you have a bad kiss。

 then you know there's no chemistry if you have to work at it。

 that's a bit of a mature you need that bang。😊，Kissing is better than sex。

🎼It lasts longer for a start。🎼Kissing is mega important I think for all of us bad kiss or bad in bed yes。

 there's been some terrible kisses out there and I pitity them and theirre poor husbands and that's a terrible thing to say。

😊，🎼I think I've just learn from watching films。😊，🎼So you don't want。

🎼A sort of big slathering kiss all over so to that end it has to be reasonably contained What's slightly unnerving is if you don't know some very well and they give you a real kiss you hold on。

Wow。And of course， just means they're French or something。We should be so lucky。🎼After the break。

 given three possible mates for a lifelong partner。

 do we automatically choose the best looking or do we discount sexy beasts we think are out of our league？

🎼And we're playing Mr。 and Mrs do couples really grow to look alike and can you guess who matches up with whom Good game。

 good game？When it comes to attracting lovers， the trick is to stand out from the crowd。

 knock them dead with your best feature。🎼Could be a bos， could be a bum。

🎼Could be your feetat we're all different， we all have our little likes and dislikes。

🎼Eyes every time the eyes have it。😊，🎼Brunette， garma dies。

🎼not too in the region I't stand thick people so they've got to be intelligent and have a great sense of humor there's nothing more attractive than someone who's enormously confident in themselves I've looked at men's feet and fallen in love with their feet more than anything which I know is rather bizarre Bs and shoes。

🎼Lots of us find feet a bit of a turn on apparently， but presumably not these sort of feet。

 but is there any truth in the idea that like attracts like？🎼When it comes to choosing lovers。

 do we subconsciously pick people who look a bit like ourselves？

🎼We do end up picking people who are very similar to us at the start like if you rate yourself a seven。

 you'll look for another seven because we don't feel comfortable if like if you're a two。

 you're not going to feel comfortable with a10 and vice versa so we tend to pick people who are quite similar physically。

🎼That's the theory， anyway， nothing to do with magical sexual chemistry and all about knowing your place in the pecking order。

Naturally， we wanted to put it to the test。First off。

 we found three guys and asked them to rate their own attractiveness out of 10。They said six。

 average？7even， above average。🎼And nine hot。🎼Then we asked five girls to rate themselves out of 10 for attractiveness join them at home would you rate them the same five about five。

 five， six， six and a half maybe suppose I get a few looks occasionally probably about six I'm not completely hideous but not home either。

🎼We thought the girls were very hard on themselves， at the very least they were modest。

 but the sexual experts say they're doing this for a reason。

🎼Women should know what men find attractive because there's no point in a woman wasting time pursuing a super。

 super attractive male if she's not also very attractive because he'll just disappear after a while also there's no point in her pursuing someone who's not very good looking suggesting don't have very good genes because she could be getting better genetic quality from another man。

We asked the modest girls to tell us which of the three men in our lineup they would choose for a long term relationship。

🎼Funny picking someone up was as easy as this in real life。

I've had a long relationship with this guy。This gentleman here。

🎼I would be most likely to have a relationship with him。😊。

🎼So our girls who rate themselves as average have all picked the average looking guys rather than the goodlooker on the right why because they're being practical thinking that the better looking the bloke。

 the more likely he is to have a wandering eye I reckon he likes yourself too much looking other women because with me most attractive way but I would say most likely to be a bit morey from my own experience guys who are really really good looking I think to a degree they don't think they have to try it's hard they think I wonder if they think it's enough for them just to be seen on your arm or you've seen on their arm my experience is don't avoid attractive people I't enjoy them and look at them but also realize that I'm going to get very far with them。

😊，🎼So now to do the same test with the boys， here are our girls for the guys to choose from。

 they rated themselves as seven average，8 above average。🎼And finally， a stunning9。

Time for the guys to rate themselves， will they show the same modesty and realism about their own looks as the girls did？

Um，I'd probably say a six Rome， six or seven， a seven self image probably。Annate。At a ten。

 I would give myself a tin。Ca I think I'm really good looking。🎼Modest， realistic， not really。

🎼So who would they choose as a long term partner？Will they go for one of the two average looking girls？

🎼Or the stunning but wholesome beauty Queen On the whole guys tend to be attracted to feminine looking faces and very youthful looking faces when thinking about a longer term relationship they will give some consideration to personality attributes that might make the woman a good mother but on the whole they tend to be very much driven by the way a woman looks I have more of a longter relationship with this girl because you've got a lovely smile and I like it dress。

They're all beautiful ladies， but I tell the lady I'm right。A long term relationship with that one。

I would have more of a long term relationship with this lady。The one I could see myself marrying。

And having a long term relationship is that one there because she's a proper salt， really。

🎼Con guys who pump up their own estimation of themselves want a box way over their weight and they go for the really hot totty when they haven't got a chance in hell。

🎼Manfuls。🎼But how much doluxs matter in the end anyway。

 once you've hitched up with someone and are living a life of domestic bliss and dancing around the living room on a daily basis。

 truth is you start to morph into one another and look alike anyway。

 of course being able to spot who's going out with who can be extremely useful if you're about to chat one of them up。

 so do couples grow to look alike。🎼There's considerable evidence that we tend to find people who look like us attractive。

 and so it's not surprising that when you take couples， there's quite a lot of similarity。😊。

What's more intriguing is that as they spend more and more time together。

 they actually tend to grow alike。🎼You see， we're not just imagining it。

 There's something really going on here。 They're like peas in a pod。

 or is it just smuggged marriedness。 We humans have an amazing ability to copy each other's facial expressions。

 even a newborn baby when someone peers over and smiles at it will copy the smiling facial expression or will pull the same faces。

 So if have if you scale this up with two couples who are looking at each other all the time。

 copying each other's facial expressions。 It means that they're likely to smile in the similar way。

 which means they're using the same muscles， which means that very similar wrinkles and furrows will develop on their faces。

😊，🎼Take five couples who've all been together for a number of years。

 can you spot those telltale similarities？🎼As。🎼Is it in the clothes， the haircut， the gesture。

 the smile。🎼We showed a tape of the couples chatting to each other to our psychologist。🎼没。

🎼With the help of a tape， could he correctly match photographs of our couples？

🎼Often couples have been together for quite a while or start to mirror each other's body language and we're seeing a little bit of that with some of the couples here they're holding the same kind of posesies holding their drinks in the same way and so on so that may be a signal that the people are doing that sort of mirroring of。

Are together， and so far we haven't really seen anything that looks like very comfortable coupling behaviour。

🎼Looks like our man struggling a little。 Can you do any better in our game of match the couple。🎼Yeah。

🎼Okay， that's enough time's up， take a final look。🎼I to find the magic。😊，🎼T to ride a pass。🎼见秒。🎼我在哪。

🎼So here's the top secret envelope containing the truth about who is matched with whom。🎼Have a look。

 okay， first up we have Christine and Colin。🎼So that's not exactly as I had it I had Colin and Lette so in fact these two folks go together so with the power of hindsight you might argue they have similar shaped noses I guess but missed that once that's a thumbs down next up is Trina and Lenn which I actually did put together so that's a good result。

🎼Over here we've got Trevor and Lnette。🎼And didn't spot that。

 Elisa and Mario is exactly as I paired those two。🎼And finally， Peter and Nancy。

🎼So that's three out of five。🎼Not bad so maybe couples do start to look a little bit like one another over time。

 which is fine if you w Rooney， but presumably not so fine if you're Col don't say we didn't warn you Colen。

🎼So what have we learned in our attempts to get more sagtastic， well， this and that， be bold。

🎼Be funny。🎼But above all， beelreker。🎼I can't do a sexual fltitious look。

 You know why I've only practiced in front of the mirror 50 times today。

 But as a piece of advice generally to guys， don't spend the first hour and half talking about yourself and don't say I've got a Ferrari when you haven because you're just gonna look like a look when it turns out you I think that's easy track isn't it。

 you just not interested in them。 The key thing is not have your eyes like。😊，🎼Nodding。

And can you blow a kiss to camera？No。😊，🎼Well， if you'd like to see more including clips from the show or to get advice on improving your sex life。

 go to itv。com/moresex。😊。