# 【A27】其他未分类：31、21世纪性爱指南：[21世纪性爱指南].A.Girls.Guide.To.21St.Century.Sex.2of8.TVRip.XvidDarmeth

🎼Tonight， on the Girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex， every man has a secret desire to be bigger。

 but do the DIY penis enlargement creams and gadgets work？😊。

The secrets behind the stimulation of the female penis， clitoris。

🎼And the shocking tale of a woman who cut off her husband's penis and the groundbreaking surgical attempt to reattach it。

😊，🎼Welcome to a Girl's guide to 21st centuryury S。 I'm Dr。 Katherine Hood。

 And over the next few weeks on the show， we're going to explore every aspect of lovemaking to improve you and your partner's performance。

 We'll put spies back into your love life and give you the greater confidence to try something new。😊。

🎼Each time we'll demonstrate the world's favorite sexual positions。

🎼With our specially designed cameras， we'll see what really happens to your body during intercourse and will explode sexual myths and mysteries from taking drugs to enhance your sexual performance to perfecting anal sex。

🎼Tonight's sexual position is particularly good if your man's penis is on the small side。

 it's fondly known as the doggy position。😊，🎼And our world famous sex therapists， Dr。

 Ava Cadell and Lou Pageget from Los Angeles will give you your very own expert coaching sessions on everything from the best performing sex toys to penis workouts for your man。

😊，🎼First though， does the size of your clitoris make any difference to your sex life。

 does bigger necessarily mean better？😊，🎼The size of the clitoris varies greatly between women。

 having a larger clitoris doesn't necessarily mean it's more sensitive。

 but it does mean it'll be easier to find The clitoris is often thought of as a sexual nerve centre for women。

 but the latest research suggests that its stimulation of the clitoral hood not the clitoris itself that leads to most arousal 70% of women can't orgasm during intercourse without manual stimulation of the clitoris。

 So here's a guide to the best way to do it。😊，🎼The exterior of the clitis is made up of the clitral hood and the head or glands。

 which contains over 8000 nerve endings and is extremely sensitive。

 but this only accounts for 10% of its full size， beneath the surface there's much more。😊。

The clitoris is the equivalent of the penis。 It is erectile tissue。

 It's about 9 to 11 centimeters in length， So beneath what's what you see the arms of the clitoris go all the way back and attach the pubic bone under normal arousal it becomes even bigger that whole organ becomes engged and erect with sexual stimulation and arousal So it' pure function is。

Fry。But some women， even though they know how to find their clitoris。

 don't feel comfortable touching it。Danielle is 20 and has only recently discovered her clitoris。

When I first started exploring my clitoris， I was sort of ashamed of what I was doing。

 It was something like I locked the bathroom door with a little mirror。

 and I wasn't really sure whether it was something I was allowed to do。

 It wasn't something I was going to tell my parents I was doing using a mirror was very beneficial。

 simply because otherwise， obviously， unless you're very flexible。

 you can't actually see what you're exploring or what or what you're touching。

 If a woman examined so clitoris in a vagina for the first time of the hand mirror。

 It can be a bit scary and a bit daunting but psychologically very impoing where she can feel more at one with herself instead of having something that's hidden and tucked away and dirty and forbidden for a proportion of women Their chances of having orgasm would be increased if the sexual intercourse was accompanied by additional clitoral stimulation。

😔，But stimulating the clitoris doesn't have to be a complicated process。

Experts recommend that when relaxed， you should place a finger either side of the cl or hood。

And draw it back， exposing the sensitive head of the clitoris。

Then gently caress the area with soft circular movements。

It can take anything from a few minutes to hours to climax。😊，But exploration is the key。

 The sort of second or third time I started to play around for a lot longer because I wasn't worried about。

 like， I can't do myself any damage。 And I know what I'm doing。

 And I know what what's where and things。 So it never been LED to then having my first clal orgasm。

 which was on my own， but absolutely astounding。 It was a feeling like I'd never had before。

 It was brilliant。Once you've learnt to manipulate yourself into a state of arousal。

 you'll be much more able to instruct your partner on what you want and how you like to be stimulated。

 Surpri， surprise， men don't have clites and a lot of men don't know how to stimulate one properly。

 So the best person to show them as their partner。 A lot of men will treat a clitoris like a C D player a little button on it that they'll just keep pushing。

 which is uncomfortable， It's not a little mini penis。 it does feel different。 And， you know。

 men need to be shown。 So， you know， that's what girls need to do。😊，🎼Yeah。

🎼Here's Hollywood sex therapist Dr。 Ava Call with her top tip on how your man can find your clitoris。

The best way to find it is to do an O with your mouth and put it directly around it。

🎼And then start sucking gently like you would on a lollipop so most women can reach a clitoral orgasm through a talented tongue directly or around the clitoris。

 but she also has to surrender herself to her orgasm by using her imagination。Fanttasizing。

 not worrying about what she looks like and just letting herself go and be out of control。

🎼It's not unusual to feel unsure about the location of the clitoris。

 You're not alone if you've never had any instructions。 So just take your time exploring。

 You'll see and find what you're looking for。Coming up。

🎼Is your partner worried about the size of his penis？

🎼We'll show you the best sex position to the lesser endowed man。🎼And if that's not enough。

 how he might be able to make it bigger。🎼Welcome back to a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex Still to come。

 Has your man ever been tempted by penis enlargement remedies？😊。

🎼We'll find out if they really are the answer to every man's dream。🎼First。

 most of us have sex in only one or two positions， but there are hundreds of adventurous and imaginative positions to have intercourse with your partner each has its own particular benefits For instance。

 some are more appropriate if you're pregnant or overweight and others are more suitable if your man suffers from premature ejaculation Tonight we demonstrate the doggy position which is particularly helpful if your partner has a small app penis I should warn you that the material you're about to see is of a particularly explicit nature。

😊，🎼The rear entry position is known by many names， the most popular term in the 20th century is Doggy style。

😊，🎼But it's also known in French as Greyhound bitch， an Italian as little sheep。😊。

🎼Doggy St sex was particularly popular with the sun God worshippers of medieval India。

 This is reflected in their temple artwork depicting sexual acts with animals。😊。

🎼The Karma Sutra dubbed the rear entry as the Union of the cow because it's similar to that used by quadrupeds such as cows。

 horses and dogs。🎼It's also the position of choice for our closest relative in the animal kingdom。

 the chimpanzee。🎼The Bonobo chimpanzees are famous for their indulgence in recreational sex。

 and the doggy position is a strong favorite。🎼Traditionally believed to be more popular with men due to its animalistic nature and opportunity to dominate the woman。

 a 2005 survey by Yahoo personals revealed it's even more popular with British women than their male counterparts。

😊，🎼An ideal way to arouse your partner and prepare her for penetration from the rear is to focus attention on the back and neck whilst working your way into the correct position。

🎼For women， the areas of the upper back and the back of the neck are particularly sensitive。😊。

Kissing， nibbling， sucking these areas can be particularly pleasurable。

🎼The central nervous system is connected and runs via the spine。

 These nerves then go outwards from the spine and collect impulses from all over the body。

 both the muscles and the skin。🎼When the area around the back and the neck is stimulated。

 signals are fired from the nerves in the skin along the spinal cord to the sensory cortex in the brain。

😊，🎼This area seen highlighted in red， is responsible for the perception of touch。

🎼The overall physical response of stimulation to these areas is sexual arousal。

 erection in the man and vaginal lubrication in the woman。😊。

🎼By the time the man has worked his way from the base of her spine to the top of her neck。

 signs of excitement are beginning to show。🎼We can see red blushing or sex flush on her skin。

 and here with our specially designed internal camera。

 we can see the accumulation of lubricating fluid in the barrel of the vagina。😊。

🎼By kissing his way up her spine， he's able to position himself perfectly for entry once he reaches the top。

🎼The doggy position is achieved by the woman getting on her hands and the man kneeling behind her as he enters。

😊，🎼Here we see the journey made by the penis as it enters the vagina。

🎼The advantage of this position is that it gives very good depth of penetration and the angle of penetration means that the cheese spot gets stimulated far more。

😊，🎼Researchers claim that the GS spot is a small patch of erectile tissue located approximately4 to5 centm inside the anterior or from all of the vagina。

😊，🎼As the man doesn't carry any weight on his hands。

 they can be used to stimulate the clitoris and the breasts， playing with her nickels as he thrusts。

🎼She may also wish to use one hand to play with her own clitoris。

🎼As the breasts hang down and tend to undulate in this position。

 their sensitivity is improved due to the increase of blood flow to the nippples。😊。

🎼The position can be highly stimulating for the man too， as such deep penetration is achievable。

 sometimes as far as the neck of the uterus， known as the cervix。😊。

🎼The cervix is the doughut shaped ring of muscle at the neck of the womb。

 seen here with our internal camera。😊，🎼This position opens up performance pelvis and creates the correct angle for a very deep penetration。

😊，🎼To enhance this position， the man can increase the pressure on the G spot by entering at a high angle for maximum friction on the front wall of the vagina。

🎼The woman can also accentuate this by leaning forward with her shoulders to the ground。🎼Yeah。

🎼This is known as the leap frog position。🎼As the moment of orgasm for the man approaches inside the vagina。

 we see the seminal fluid expelled from the penis。🎼This is caused by forceful contractions along the length of the urethra。

🎼After climax， the blood that has en goged the genitals is redistributed to the rest of the body。

🎼Within a few minutes， the body has returned to its prearrousal state。

🎼If one partner finds a particular position awkward， tiring or painful。

 then that's obviously going to take away a lot of the pleasure。

 So it's important to let each other know how you're feeling。

 Comication during sex always heightens the experience。😊，🎼Now though。

 we've all seen the adverts promoting penis enlargement remedies， but do they really work？

🎼Some men are obsessed with the size of their penis and business is cashing in on their angst。

 If size is an issue for you， then you can even now buy big boy pants。

 which the manufacturer's claim creates an impressive， realistic package enhancement。😊。

🎼It's true that men do come in a lot of sizes and girths。

 and there's even some controversial suggestion of racial variation。

🎼But 23% of British men are dissatisfied with the length of their penis。

 so can there be a scientific solution to their problem？🎼According to the Kinsey S survey。

 the average length of an erect penis is six inches， with a mean girth of 4。9 inches。😊。

🎼But if you've been anatomically short changed， is there anything you can do The internet says yes。

 there are thousands of websites offering novel ways to increase the size of your manhood。😊。

Meet Phil， John and Dale。🎼Theyate agreed to test out three of the enlargement remedies on the market for a two month trial period。

🎼Our adjudicator William is a product advisor for enlargement Remedies。

 but why do our volunteers want larger penises？😊，🎼Dale lives in Surrey with his mother。

 He already has a girlfriend， but he'd like to be a little better endowed to improve his appearance when naked。

😊，🎼Any man would be interesting a bit more no matter how big he is。

🎼I think secretly all we'll want a couple more inches John is an inspiring model who cots the confidence that he thinks well endowed men seem to have It's just that extra and she was like I've looked what's on the market but I'd never consider using one because I don't really know if they work or not。

Phil is recently divorced and thinks a bigger penis will help him attract women。

🎼I think women think the bigger is the better it and they're going to get more pleasure from it。

 but I haven't tried any enhancements before to en the penis or anything。

 but like any man I'm in in treat and see what kind of things there is out there。😊，Medical expert Dr。

 Ray Noble is going to tell us whether there's any scientific substance to their claims。

The best way to measure a penis would， of course， be to measure it when it is fully distended。

 fully erect， simply because the size of a penis will vary。

 size of the facecid penis will vary a lot。 Pens for one thing on temperature。

And so the best thing is to do it when it's erect， it's best to measure it from the base to the tip。

 If you measure it as it were underneath， you've got the problem of where you measure it from in relation to the scrotum。

🎼So it's much better to measure from the base。 And you'll get a more consistent result and a more meaningful result from one person and also in comparison from one person to another。

 right， Dar， So let's measure you first。🎼Okay， Dale， that's 5 and a half inches。

 Dale has been given a jazz extender， the most expensive at 199。

 manufacturerufacters claim that traction increases the total number of cells in the penis。

 making it permanently longer by up to 4 inches and wider by between 1 and 3 inches。

🎼I'd be very surprised if it made very much of a difference。To the size of the erect penis。

🎼Very surprised indeed but go ahead and surprise me if you increased at all it'll be millimetters fractions of a millm This goes on around the base of the penis and then the top clips underneath the head which will keep it extended You just have to wear that for three or four hours a day John will be trying the 699 inlar development cream with its active ingredients including a pepper derivative this cream allegedly stimulates penis growth Okay John your're next Let's see。

😊，🎼Okay John you're six and a half inches and what we're going to give you is this development cream all you've got to do with that is to take a liberal amount and apply it to the penis every day the next two months and we'll see how he get on Finally Phil will be trying a boy toy's penis pump at 24 95 The vacuum sucks air out of the cylinder a proven remedy for men with impotence but can it help increase length and girth Okay Philip last but not least or give you a quick measure。

And youre five and a half inches。🎼So what we're going to give you is this is just a basic pump。

 it creates a vacuum around the penis allowing more blood to flow in and if you use that for half an hour to an hour every day。

 next two months we'll see if it makes any difference at all。

🎼We'll announce the results later in the program and surprisingly reveal that two of these methods did appear to work。

🎼If artificial remedies aren't your thing， here's Dr。 Ava Call with a more natural solution。😊。

🎼My top tips for getting a bigger penis are to stretch the extra skin that you have every man has it at the base of his penis。

 just stretch it as you would your spine， pull it every day It's gonna feel pretty good and pull it towards your navel。

 then hold it for 10 seconds， then pull it down to your feet and hold it for 10 seconds over to the side and the other side and by the way。

 it needs to be flaccid when you're doing this enjoy your bigger penis within three months。

🎼Now sex may be fun and extremely pleasurable， but if you're not careful。

 it can have health consequences such as genital warts and the virus that cause them。😊，🎼。

🎼HPV or human papillomavirus is the most common cause of sexually transmitted infection in the world and is responsible for genital war。

Just the mere mention of genital warts induces disgust and people because you've seen pictures of them。

 they look terrible they're onsly and people are often shocked and devastated when they discover these lumps and bumps growing down below。

 I was horrified。I it it was a degrading experience。And very painful as well。🎼26 year old Jamie。

 not his real name， caught genital warts following a one night stand。

🎼He only feels able to talk publicly about his experiences anonymously。

🎼I was going out with its girl at the time。Everything was going fine， and actually。🎼I hadn'。

🎼Pably exactly faithful， you always feel as though this is not going to happen to me。😔。

🎼But even on one occasion。🎼It can happen to you patients who actually pick up the war virus don't develop warts we think actually less than 1% of people who pick up the infection develop warts。

 so there are many people who pick up HPV or war virus in their skin doesn't turn into a work。

 they carry it for some time， then they lose it again。

🎼Genital warts can be passed from one person to another during sex and by skin to skin transmission with someone who has the wart virus。

🎼They say there are about10 different types of wart virus and the warts you get on your hands。

 the warts you get on your feet Va occurs， all those sort of things are all part of the one big wart family。

🎼Although genital wts are highly contagious， common wts that occur on the hands and feet are extremely unlikely to pass to the genital area。

🎼Shortly after his one nightstand， Jamie noticed that something wasn't quite right。

🎼I was going to taught it one day， and it just。🎼Notice that。

🎼Actually my pe was going off in a different direction and so I looked around there I found this lump。

 couldn't see anything everything ever fine but it was up my urethha Jamie didn't have any external signs of being infected。

🎼But in most cases， you can see warts on the skin。🎼So what should you look for？

🎼Wts if they're only genitals tend to cause sort of cauliflowerlike lesions or sometimes sort of small round lesions they can occasionally be quite flat and appearance as well This is the typical case of a young man who came along to clinic and you can see he's got obvious warts in the foreskin in men genital warts tend to develop in the damp or moist areas of the genital areas you usually get them around the preuse and the head of the penis like that For some having these wts is hugely embarrassing men seem to find it particularly difficult to seek medical advice they paint their sort of a solution on the warts or actually spray them with liquid nitrogen the same way that we put you know if there's a water on their hands。

 knees or finger or whatever。😊，🎼And that basically just sort of。🎼causesuse an inflammatory response。

 which actually lifts the water off or basically just sort of kills it right it down。

🎼Unfortunately for Jamie， he had to go through three months of treatment to get rid of the wars。

🎼They were quite difficult to treat because they were internal。

 and the only way that they could possibly treat it was with。🎼Liquid nitrogen inside my ja's eye。

🎼It was extremely painful， best way of describing it was almost likelyre getting seared with a white hot needle it's actually taught me new threshold of paint it was always at the back of mind that we'd have to go back to the clinic especially when you could see that these things hadn't disappeared。

🎼So you never knew when it was going to stop。🎼Most wts are easy to treat。

 but should we worry about the after effects？🎼This is not a serious medical condition。

 It is a cosmetic nuisance。 these types do not cause cervical cancer。

 so we have to emphasize young women if they develop genital warts they are not at increased risk of cervical cancer and they don't need smears more often than anybody else。

😊，🎼If you have warts， it's important to keep eugenicitals clean but avoid scented soaps disease can irritate you and remember the wart virus can linger on the skin for at least three months after treatment and you can pass it on to always use condoms with new partners。

Still to come。🎼The shocking tale of penis severing and reattachment from Thailand sex therapist Lou Paget has advice on how your man can give you the best oral sex and the results of our penis enlargement experiment。

 we find out if any of the lotions or contraptions made any difference at all。😊。

🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st Century sex Com up the results of our penis enlargement experiment did the creams and gadgets actually work。

😊，🎼And Hollywood sex therapist Lou Paget has advice and tips on how your man can give you the ultimate and oral pleasure。

 Now， though， most men already know that the penis is an incredible organ。

 but did you know that if severed it can in some circumstances be reattached。

 Surgeons in Thailand have developed pioneering techniques to fix his form of mutilation。😊。

John Wayne Bobbbitt knows this only too well after his wife cut off his penis in 1993。

 a revenge attack provoked by years of domestic violence， but after having his penis reattached。

 Bobbbitt relaunched himself as a porn star and became a worldwide success。

🎼Cases like this are rare in the West but Thailand is the penis cutting capitalule of the world every year doctors report more than 10 horrific cases of wives cutting off their husband's penises。

😊，🎼In April 2005， out in the Bangkok suburbs， an unassuming couple became the latest media grabbing case of pena severing Sirruppo had been married to Ar for six years and had always considered herself to be in a steady and monogamous relationship。

 but during a domestic row one evening her husband suddenly confessed to having a mistress later that night in a fit of rage。

 she extracted a terrible revenge on him with a pair of scissors。😊，I was in so much pain。

 I was crying out， it felt like I wanted to go to the toilet all the time。

🎼Srupong had cut the shaft of Arabd's penis from both sides。

🎼She had cut through the tissue severing the major arteries and veins。

 Ara's penis was still attached to his body， but it was hanging on precariously from a piece of skin。

He ran down the stairs in agony。这么多啊。爽爽噶嘛嗰啲嘅 at if for me the police came I was taken to a nearby hospital When I go there。

 I was injected with a painkiller。🎼At the hospital， Dr。 Soboom， a specialist surgeon。

 was called to the emergency room where a familiar sight met him。

🎼I've had three cases during my 14 years of practice。

 but I've heard of at least 10 cases a year of penis cutting in Thailand。

🎼The actual procedure takes between four and six hours depending on how many vessels you want to reattach。

🎼The operation is not a simple one， blood vessels， nerves and tissues all need to be reattached and timing is critical。

🎼The urethra is the first rejoined to allow the future passage of urine and seminnal fluid。

Next blood vessels are repaired and patched up。Finally， the nerves of the penis are restored。

An enormous amount of blood is lost initially， but the area tends to clot quickly and bleeding is reduced。

🎼Well preserved penises have been attached back to their owners up to 15 hours after the attack took place。

 much to the relief of more than just the victim。If I could change what happened I would。

 I'm very regretful when I was in hospital I know he was suffering badly。

 I felt sorry for him and felt bad about what I had done。🎼Ara was fortunate。

 his penis was successfully reattached， but it still left him with some physiological problems。

🎼Though is still scarring when we make love his foreskin cannot go back because it hits the scar。

 it can only go back as far as the scar After the procedure you can get an erection but five to ten years down the line you'll probably suffer the onset of impotence earlier than normal patients。

🎼Surprisingly， Arra and Sirruppo's marriage survived the attack。

 he was able to forgive her and realized that he loved her despite what she'd done。😊。

🎼Now the average woman takes about 20 minutes to climax during allal sex。

 and Cunelingus is many women's favorite kind of forplay if it's done properly。😊。

🎼Sexual satisfaction is something all women should strive for here's Los Angeles sex educator Lou Paget with advice for teaching your man how to give you the ultimate in oral sex。

😊，Tonight， you are going to receive a step by step guide for your man to give you the best cuninglingus you've ever had。

What I'm going to show you is one of the best oral sex techniques。

For women that Ive ever heard of instead of having a woman， the man between a woman's legs like this。

 the man is on the side he then uses his index finger and puts it on the perineum so finger is placed there the man's tongue strokes in a back and forth motion here and he can be pulling this up a little more。

His fingers here， his tongue is stroking here， when his tongue is stroking in the right place。

 he gets immediate feedback， he's in the right place because he can feel with this finger。

 pre orgasmic contractions。If a man wants to， he can also use more of a sucking up motion and then using like your tongue has two surfaces。

 it's got the taste bud surface which has a more rough texture and then this。

And the underneath surface also can work to his advantage if his tongue is getting tired。

 he can put his tongue up here like this。And keep it attached and then do what I call the wag。

 so he's staying in contact， but he's still going back and forth because it's the constant warmth and moisture of the mouth that is the thing that's crucial for most women。

He can do the letters of the alphabet。 He can use his head back and forth。

 The more important thing is maintaining the constant contact and not having the woman dry out。

 That is your step by step guide to giving your man instructions on how to give you the best Ken oflingis you've ever had。

🎼Now for the last couple of months， these three men have each been trying to increase the size of their penis。

🎼Dale was given a Jeic extender， John， the enlarger development cream and fill the boys's toys penis P given this。

Attractive thing。🎼I've got my pump I'm going to give it a little go I don't think personally needed to really make my penis any larger just recently split from my partner andm looking for a bit of fun really I'm really not optimistic if who did this work。

🎼In fact I'll put money but this wouldn't work I have had sex in between since I've been using it It had much of an effect but it comes off if you do anything remotely。

🎼Energetic， like sitting down。🎼After two months， we got our volunteers back together to compare results。

We're just going to measure you again and see if there's been any change。

So that's now 6 and a half inches。 So there has been a slight improvement。 I that surprising。 Yeah。

 a little bit surprising。 And I don't think this contraction was going is going to do much effect。

 to be honest。 right， Okay， Dar， now you have the Jes extender。Well， that's5 and a half inches。

 so there's been no change whatsoever。 Is that surprising。 Not at all。 Not at all。 Okay， John。

 now you had the development cr。Okay well that's seven and a half inches which is the most surprising one of the bunch that has actually made it look or seem bigger does it feel any difference here I wouldn't say it feels different but obviously psychologically because you think the product's going to work when you believe it's going to work and just like you said there is a difference it's right。

I personally think it has worked。🎼Only two of the products showed an improvement in our tests over the two month trial period。

 both the enhancement cream and the penis pump gave an 18% increase in penis length。🎼Well。

 I'm quite surprised I have to say。嗯。That is interesting。

I'd be very interested to see how controlled your measuring was。嗯。Because that is a big result。

Isn't it， I bet those people have gone away， very pleased with themselves。Do they feel better for it。

I doubt it。🎼Now our mission on a Girl's guide to 21st centuryur sex is to get you experiencing and enjoying better sex we've given you all the hints and advice you could possibly need。

 but ultimately it's up to you to express yourself and put it all into practice so join us next week as we continue our journey through the facts。

 the myths and the science behind human sexuality。😊。

🎼Next time a a Girl's guide to 21st centuryury sex。

 the Holy Grail for women seeking the ultimate orgasm for G spot。😊。

🎼How to slow down your partner's orgasm and have longer lasting sex。

🎼And we reveal the truth about pregnant sex， the best positions to accommodate your bump。

 why it could be good for the baby， and how orgasms when pregnant are likely to be the best you've ever had。

😊。