# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：令她潮吹的5大基础技巧！（说明：这个直接露骨暴）：5实战演示： 如何用玩具让她“双潮来临”！【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

So welcome back。 I want to show you one of my favorite tools when it comes to squirttting。

 This is a legendary sex toy。 all sex geeks and sex ex。 Most of them love this toy。

 The reason we love it is they made out a stainless steel。

 But more than anything is this design on this curve and this counterbalance works really well to stimulate the Gs spot similar to the technique that I used with my hand earlier on the rocking motion。

 But I'm just using the toy to kind of recreate that。 So let me show you how I do this。 First。

 Ive warmed the toy up to body temperature。 So it feels nice and good。😊。

And here we have Lolaette here。And what I'm going to do is put the tory on her stomach whenness to warm it up and kind of give her some anticipation。

 And then I grabbed the loop and put it right on the dipping tray。Right here。

And I seductively warmed this toy up and luated and kind of wanted be artsy about it and massaging her with the toy。

 So I'm not just always just looping up the toy， but。

Really getting all of it moved and in a seductive way。

Now this toy is nice and warm in body temperature， I'm kind of using it like my fingers where I'm like dragging on her vva。

Right here and make sure she feels it on her cl。 And I could rock it right here。

 I could do side to side。 So I'm just massaging her with this toy。 I could go various motion。

 rocking back and forward。 So same thing applies finding the right location。

 applying the same the right amount of pressure and speed and just move it around。

 I'm causing more a little bit of fiction and a little bit of pressure and just making her feel good。

 you could see the rise of her body reaction。 Now， we talked about Lola being a little quieter on this on the how she shows feedback。

 but her body， her breath really shows it。 So if I give her more sensation。

 You could see her arching and feeling。😊，And I'm warming her up。 Now。

 the next thing I want to do is I'm using this toy to do the same。

 applying pressure to the very bottom， right， very bottom。

 push down and then slowly glide the toy in。In the same position。 Now， once the toy is in。

 I am trying to massage this spot。 So I'm not trying to cut down a treat and go him back and forth。

 What I gotta do is all just rock it a little bit。And creating some sensation。

Now we talked about different between seeing the ejaculate or seeing the squirting is not necessarily a climax for sake。

 right， So I want to use one of my favorite other favorite toy。

Their wireless magic wand to stimulate her clitoris to cat her going and feeling。

I'm going to play a little bit of agasm denial or just waiting her sensation to build up。

 So I'm starting at one， and I'm just rocking this toy and checking in with her and feeling her。

Feeling and adding a little bit more vibration。I feel you can hear it if you're close enough。

 just like on this verge of squirting， but I want her to focus on her sensation and really what feels good to her。

What feels like， and I'm trying to daisy chain。Her climax， her agasm， along with the squirting。

 So now I'm not moving the G spot toy ass much。Trying to build her up a little bit more on a clip and then go give her a little bit more on a clip nice and loud。

Your body that's beautiful it it。啊。I could feel her pushing my toy， fighting it。

 and now he a little more。And I could feel our energy building。Oh，は。나도 할く。Oh。

Now I could also ask her to hold a toy from me now and to hold a vibrator from me and put it where it feels good too。

right there and I to feel her coming and she's just like good girl on now that's a squirting agasm accompanying the squirting beautiful I'm just going me making her come。

嗯。Yeah， just like that， just like that， just like that， bring。s go hard。OhAnd still having her。Yeah。

 I'm just slowing it down a little bit maybe that's more in her。Oh god， that's all good。I like that。

Oh， it's so hot and I could slow down the movement too and breathe。And now from here。

 it's really nice to just ground her with this really intense experience。I'm pushing down。

 and I'm gliding this toy out。 And the first thing is I go to start with a grounding deck holding her down and breathing with her。

And make sure she doesn't have to manage anything。 There's nothing to clean up。

 I'm just connecting with her。 I'm looking at her。And feeling her。

And then it's nice to have a towel available to pat her down a little bit。

And tell her is beautiful and thank you for sharing this experience with me。

And you could tell her to lift her butt a little bit and just clean up underneath。And then。

 I normally took。Also。A baby white。 And normally， I actually warm up my baby white and a baby white warmer。

あの国なよ。And that's a nice， really beautiful grounding experience and just really connecting with her。

And then holding her as a nice hug， thank you for sharing this and thank you for sharing this with the world and being vulnerable on camera and showing your pleasure。

With pleasure。