# 【A11】两性宝典：两性宝典全集：猎艳宝典E夜情：猎艳宝典一夜情必看【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

🎼Okay so now look it may be that you're this person or this person which case the chances are you're getting as much sex or the opportunity to have as much sex as you like Luc old you but for the rest of us mere mortals we'd all like to get more sex Well we're guessing or certainly we'd like to be more attractive to the opposite sex so that's why so many of us go to so much trouble so that we'd look like this or maybe we're going out and buying stuff like this。

🎼Or even this， or this， whatever that is， and don't sit there saying you're not interested in any of that stuff because if that's true。

 why are you watching a program called？🎼So then where are we going to start well with some experts。

 obviously。🎼I think you should barely actually say hello before you should get your kids off and get down to I think anything else is wasting time I've been told I'm a great kisser but then Bloke say that don't they bad say。

 oh you're great kisser。🎼Get your kid off there is such a fine line between just being flirty and cheeky and just being a。

😊，🎼Big old Let's face it Our different thoughts about sex can keep most of us up all night I very rarely met a woman who's not interested in sleeping with another woman Wo driving sets guys fine Of course if you're a young man you'd like her to be wearing no clothes The pattern of my life is such that I always have sex on the first day and if the sex is shit there isn't a second day。

🎼So in our modest attempt to improve the nation's sex life we investigate the age old question Does size matter Are women lying when they say it's not how big it is it's what you do with it and we make our celebrities sniff a lot of wiffy t-shirts to tell us which pong turns them on the most This is so Oh it's really hard it's between these two。

But first， some things are a given， surely。Women with enormous breasts， for instance。

 have always been a turn on。🎼Or have they？🎼The。And men who are big in the trouser department are more attractive。

 right？🎼Size matters for both sexes， but how big is too big。

🎼Now that women can choose how large their boobs are。

 the question of size is Scarily relevant but is very big too big I think with breasts。

 it's all to do with how big they are and how they're packaged and who they're attached to I don't honestly think too many men would like to go out with a Jordan look alike I think they probably want to sha her but I don't think they'd want to date her So can that really be right Are Jordan size breasts really a turn off for men？

🎼We need to find out so first the control experiment。

 we took two twins both averageally endowed and spent half an hour asking men which twin they fancied the most。

She's more attractive。🎼好吗？好？My lovely little check it out I think she's more attractive。This one。

She's smiling more。🎼So without any mucking about with boob size， the control experiment。

 two votes for twin A and four votes for twin B， but for reasons that have nothing to do with breast size。

 then we gave T A a breast enhancement， well not literally obviously more a sock in the bra job again given half an hour how much difference did that make。

拿过来。🎼错了。🎼I' have to say a lovely smile， lovely smile。😊，🎼我去 going to会 all。🎼After Boob job one。

 that's even things up， the taller twin who got fewer votes originally has drawn level with her sister now she has bigger breasts now she has four votes and so does her less well endowed twin but that wasn't big enough for us All in the name of science we decided to pump her up again as it were Go for bust taller。

What's with the taller excuse？🎼么ney要 me。WhatI prefer this one because I think that bigger is better。

At last， an honest answer。🎼After the second boob job， we're beginning to see a difference。

 four votes for the big twin who's getting bigger and only two for the twin we left alone and the final enhancement now her boobs are so big she could put your eye out。

But are they too big， will men really find whopers like this off pu？

For the one on the left she's a little slightly taller more in my height I then I like this slim of physique basically so not easyeesy I like the bigger lady。

 the bigger breast lady shall we say？🎼嘛 lady love马哈马哈马哈。😊。

🎼Not that anyone much was owning up to why they chose the twin with the bigger boobs。

 except that there was the odd clue。Okay， so I'm attracted to this one here and that's mainly because she seems to be connecting with me more of the eyes。

我 can吃。ちち。🎼So big boobs seem to be turning on the man in the street The final score is five votes for the twin we left alone and a whopping 10 for her now inflated sister heart。

🎼So it seems that men are after all big babies who were probably weaned too early， well。

 most of them anyway， turns out there is a God。🎼Can somebody have two bigger boobs Yeah they cant absolutely if you're a pet girl I think the worst thing in the world is to see you know lets say an enhanced boob job that's massive is that doesn't make sense if it's too obvious you know sex sex coming and get me I'll decide that thank you you know just sort have all that coming at you except well I'm not really a boob man to be honest I'm like you know boums。

 you're nice bum a nice eyes and that's my thing but Is a nice。🎼The right number of each。

 I think is always nice。🎼Interestingly， boob jobs are getting more and more popular， 26。

000 of them in Britain this year。🎼But oddly almost as popular after making boobs bigger is making them smaller。

 which goes to show that hardly anyone is happy with what God gave them Sad， don't you think？Next。

 we thought we'd find out just how much all of us are checking one another out sexually when sex isn't even on the agenda。

🎼So how much do we look？🎼Let's be honest fellas which of us hasn't occasionally been caught taking a sneaky look down a particularly eye catching cleavage。

🎼You are aware when people are doing it and it isn't great because if they're glancing down you're aware that they're just glancing down Some guys will look you up and down and want to just get an iPhone I mean。

 I've never really，😊，Found that or or felt that。 There have been a few occasions when I've had to say to guysza。

 hello， up here。Sometimes that's a bit easier than at other times。🎼But where were we？Oh， yes。

We were trying to find out how much we look even when we're trying not to。

🎼It was actually an experiment where they showed men and women pictures of porn and looked track the eyes to find out which bits each sex looked at and ironically the guys were the ones that concentrated on the faces and the girls were the ones that concentrated on the good bits and what was actually happening。

😊，🎼So guys look less than girls that doesn't sound right So all in the name of science we asked for volunteers who wouldn't mind wearing something on their heads which would make them look like idiots on the telly With this fabulously discrete piece of eye tracking equipment the boffins emission control can tell exactly where people are looking to the nearest millm。

🎼We asked our volunteers to concentrate hard on a presentation。

 but to give ourselves a fighting chance， we offered them a little distraction and made sure our presenters were worth the odd glance。

🎼好好拜。We haven't even started yet and already two cheeky glances how will we be able to hold his attention on the task in hand？

Very good。🎼Good eye control。🎼Concentrating， keeping his eyes on oops， maybe not so good， only human。

🎼He hasn't done too badly， but hey， what a guy to do， somehow it almost seems rude not to。

🎼So what about our gay volunteer， how will he get on？Not a lot of doubt about that then。

🎼So what about the girls， obviously they won't be glancing around at the boys's bulges when they've been told to concentrate on the thing in hand。

 will they？🎼Apparently these looks last only a quarter of a second， too quick， have another look。🎼なで。

It turns out that our girl volunteers had excellent ball control with fewer looks than the boys。

🎼So what have we learned that some experiments don't work when you try to do the momenttelli。

 and that all of us are checking each other out more often than we probably think we are？

A recent survey revealed that the bottom is officially the body part that U Brits find most sexy。

 sexier， even than the chest， legs， or any other bulgy bits。

🎼35% of men and 36% of women find the rear the most illuring Does your bum look big in this， yes。

 a bit， but it doesn't seem to matter so if you've got it flaunt it。After the break， smell。

 how sexy is it， we find out which smells turn our celebs on the most。

And the question all men would like to know the answer to， are women lying when they say。

  don't worry honey， size doesn't really matter？"，🎼Yeah， right。

Sex is there anything in the world better than sex？🎼な。🎼大分。🎼Nothing。

 I've done 200 miles an hour on a motorbike。🎼I'm off the back of a speeding sailboat。

🎼Being at aeroplanes， I've dropped vertically over New Zealand mountains and helicopters。

Captured giraffes。 I've run， run away from a lion of nothing。

🎼But if you're not so much of the outward bound type and prefer to get your exercise lying down。

 there's something very important to get right， lots of us spend lots of time and money trying to smell good for the opposite sex。

 but believe us， this is not something you want to get wrong。And you've got BO。

🎼than to know smell is really important in fact it's one of the biggest turnoffs for me if somebody doesn't smell right or if they smell bad。

 I really find it quite unbearable， bad feet is awful， really， really bad。😊，I wouldn't be amazed。

🎼That people don't realize and oh okay， I'll tell you you have bad breath。

 bad breath So turning someone off is easily done， but how about turning someone on？

Does the way we smell really count？The sense of smell has long been underrated in humans because we're very visually dominated creatures。

 people always thought that the sense of smell was less important to us than it is to other animals。

 however， it seems that it's actually much more important than people originally thought。

It's all to do with these funny things called pheromones。

 each of us apparently have a unique smell and when we meet someone we fancy。

 we release a lot of pheromones and sniff one another out。First。

 let's see what smells our celebs are drawn to。In our special S chemistry lab。

 we took three identical T shirts and infused them with different smells。

Avoididing any perfumes or artificial scent。🎼One was worn overnight by this woman， one by this bloke。

And one was worn by this pig。🎼We then asked our celebs to have a good whiff and asked them which one they liked the most in a sort of scratch and sniff test。

 but without the scratching， obviously。IC。This smells of sheepskin。

Beittter but not really doing it for me Oh it's really hard between these two male body or odour。

Okay。Okay。2。🎼Time for the results， what were the pheromones telling our celebs。

 well some appear to be on target？Yes。🎼Yeah， woman。😀ははは。😊，🎼Well there we are， Johnnylly and I。

 well we' are seeing her later， is that the next test where we go together off into the sunset now it's fine？

🎼One was overcome by the experience I wouldn't pick any of them anybody that could produce a pong like that not my kind of fella and there was a little gender confusion。

😊，A woman。No。Don't tell any a bloke because I'll be upset。😊，Oh De。

 Michael and some missed the ball altogether。🎼You didn't you you chose。🎼。🎼You know。

 this is fantastic because I love pigs I collect pigs so how classic is that how enchanty well I did say it was different。

😊，I've had many boyfriends like that。😊，🎼larSadly there are a few studies on pig pheromones but truth is smell is a big part of what attracts us to our partners and it's all based on something to do with our natural resistance to diseases If you have two people that smell very very similar it means they have the same immune system so they offspring their children may not be as healthy physically as a child we have two people with completely different immune systems so we tend to be attracted to people that smell very different to us simply because it means they have a different immune system as offspring and more likely to be healthy。

🎼So could we put this to the test scientifically， we wondered whether existing couples could successfully sniff out one another we took three couples。

 each wore a t-shirt overnight avoiding any perfumes or deodorant that might give the game away。

🎼We put the three T shirts oh and the pigs in sealed bags。

 could our volunteers sniff out the T shirt worn by their partners？

Decision time couplele number one have been together for six years。🎼Number4。I think it's number one。

啊。M's not going to kill me？I'm sorry I didn't pick didnt pick me。

Couple number two have been together for 30 years。Oh， great。🎼Excellent。Wow， that's just as well。

 is it？😊，🎼And finally， couple three who've been together for 15 years。🎼Number 2。🎼Oh， my god。🎼嗯。

It's a good Lord， please don't tell her， please don't tell her。Oh no， you didn't pick me。

🎼Unfortunately， I'm really， I am so dead， I am so dead。😊。

The results of this experiment is exactly as psychologists would predict that most of the people could select their partner purely on the basis of smell it's kind of intriguing that you had one person that went with another partner and what I would predict there is those two people's immune systems were very。

 very different and maybe actually found themselves kind of attracted to one another and then you have one person that went with the pig。

I have no idea what's going on there。Amazingly， new research has shown men seem to be able to literally smell how fertile women are。

🎼Lap dancers who are on the pill get far less money in tips from their punters than their colleagues who aren't it seems that men can somehow sense that the women not on contraception are fertile and therefore more attractive。

Sooky or what？🎼我出。🎼Okay， so now back to a question as old as time， does size matter？🎼For women。

 sad to say it does no matter how ginormous we made T A's boobs。

 the men just kept on fancying her more。 So what about for men？🎼He said。

I'd like to have sex with you， Janet。But I think my knob's too small。And I said， let's have a look。😊。

So you got it out and I thought I don't I think it will manage if you ask most men。

 most men would say they love to have a big penis and they think most women would love a big penis in reality。

 two big pens is not that appealing to a female because you just want to A， it looks scary， B。

 it sometimes hurts。😊，🎼The。So we decided to find out this time we took two twin cyclists。

 no need to tell you why all that li are scaring the horses and all that。ああ。First。

 the control part of the experiment， both twins started out equally endowed in thenoly bits department。

We gave women half an hour to tell us which twin they fancied the most attractive。Okay， I find。

🎼I find you more attractive I think you are。😊，So pre pump up。

 both twins have the same number of votes at for apiece。🎼Then we gave T A a distinctly larger bulge。

 again， given half an hour， who would the women fancy most？Okay。第三。

I am attracted to this one handy smile， it seems really friendly。😊，After stage two。

 both twins receive another four votes each， it seems T A's Bulge so far isn't getting him any more votes than his twin。

🎼So finally we gave Twin A a very large bulge indeed and trust us。

 we are only showing you this from behind for health and safety reasons。

 some of you might have a funny term now which twin do the women go for？

I think I think this one's more attractive。UAms seem to be just slightly bigger arms， arms。

 what about his Willie go on， have a look。This one， this one's more attractive。😊。

The fun is one more attractive， new more attractive， this one， he's more direct。😊。

We said to have a good look， but that's positively rude。I find new Lord right。Final vote。

 very large T A gets only three， but his little brother steams ahead with five。

🎼So good news for lots of the boys then， according to our experiment， size doesn't matter after all。

🎼Or maybe they were lying。🎼But if you can't be bothered with all this pulling pallava。

 there's always the DIY option， which brings us to rabbits， not these sorts a more these。

🎼Half of us use sex toys on a regular basis and easily the most popular is the vibrator。

 and someone with nothing better to do has estimated that more are sold each year in the UK than washing machines and tumble dryers combined。

🎼I wonder if you could invent a vibrator that would also do the washing。

🎼Well that basically means that people are not having enough sex。

 apparently out there in the heterosexual world， a lot of women are not satisfied。😊。

I've got a couple in my drawer， never get used。🎼Next time， another fundamental question。

A women shallow creatures who always go for the millionaire over the chauffeurs？

Because he's the money man and is it possible to laugh someone into bed？🎼Important stufffa？

🎼Well changing the subject， Toyya Wilcox champions a planned for an urban park in the people's 50 million lottery giveaway。

 that's after the news next。😊。