# 【A11】两性宝典：两性宝典全集：猎艳宝典E夜情：猎艳宝典一夜情必看p【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

あ。🎼Okay， so maybe you've already got a great sex life。 but be honest。

 who amongst us wouldn't welcome the chance to look and feel a whole lot more sexy and attractive。

 even if we aren't planning to say yes to any offers。

 So never mind about what not to wear or how to look 10 years younger。 We're cutting to the chase。

 Yes， that's right。 Our programme's called。😊，🎼So already we're all going to a hell of a lot of trouble to try to look good。

 maybe we think we're doing it right when actually we're doing it wrong。

 who knows Anyone got any tips be confident？🎼Be yourself and for goodness sake， be pediced。🎼See。

 already there's something you might not have thought of。

 anybody got any ideas about what might turn him on。🎼oriental twins， special toys and implements。

 things that， you know， with that high voltage， perhaps petrol driven。

🎼Or if that's a bit weird for you， you might want to take a more subtle approach Some young woman came up to me and said。

 do Sha Well I thought on a moment。🎼That's a bit direct。

 so we've set up a special state of the art laboratory of Sex chemistry to try to find out。

🎼How you may not be trying hard enough。🎼How you can easily be trying too hard。🎼Much too hard。

🎼You just don't want to date a guy that knows he's good looking and that whole thing about you don to date guy that looks like you'd spend longer in the bathroom is your moisturisizer。

😊，🎼And how to make sure you waste as little time as possible in getting down to it。

When I was a student， I sha someone once for a five pound bet。🎼Okay。

 so we have to start somewhere first where to go to pull Where in Britain are you most likely to basically get jggy with someone according to a survey by a well-known manufacturer of condoms。

 people in Yorkshire have the most sex of anywhere in Britain 128 times a year Yep Yorkshire is the nation's sex capital。

🎼What can they be thinking and in front of Emmadale too？

🎼I think the Yorkshire people are lying through their teeth they're not having sex 128 times at all and if they are maybe I should move to Yorkshire maybe we should all move to Yorkshire Well don't out there's so much electricity you know what else is there to do Well I've got a house in Yorkshire and it does have a very good effect on my sex life。

People in the Midlands are the most adventurous in the bedroom apparently。

 and the Northern Irish get the least sex of all。And the most popular place after the bedroom to test out the springs。

 the car， and please， let's have no stupid jokes about escorts。

🎼Having sex in the car has got to be one of the least comfortable experiences。🎼Of anybody's life。

 surely。🎼When the seats lie back， it's possible not unless you've got a massive car without all that stuff going on in the middle because it'm not very comfortable I've tried it that's stressful。

😊，Small risk of too much information there。🎼So where do you stand the best chance of pulling someone in the first place A locations with a hint of danger are likely to improve your chances。

 something to do with all that adrenaline， we're not making this up， they've done studies honest。

🎼In one classic psychological study， guys walked along a bridge and they bumped into quite an attractive woman and she would chat with the guy and the question was would the guys ask for her telephone number？

🎼So we found somewhere scary， the Spnaker Tower in Portsmouth。

 which has a glass floor overlooking 100 meter shear drop to put this theory to the test。🎼First。

 the control bit of the experiment and our actress got flirtty with some single guys onterra firm and do you enjoy living here she posed as a news reporter but when they thought the cameras were off。

 she tried her best to get asked out How many dates would she get in an hour of trying you be I thought one down here might as well make the most of it and see what's going on around Saturday Sunday。

🎼Not quite sure what she has to do to make these blokes get it。

 but so far they're not far as on your own， I'm not really sure。And。

🎼I don't really know kind of where to go I'm just going't know at a live one after the hour of our experiment she's managed to get two dates。

 not too bad but can she do better up high where the adrenaline's likely to be flowing？😊，あのスピー？

Time for more flirting。🎼But this time， inside the spinnaker tower on that scary glass floor here again。

 given an hour and the same number of single guys will she get more offers when the men are standing on top of the scary drop and likely to be feeling a bit of adrenaline。

🎼Hey I can take seriously She's got one and another。😊，🎼That away。🎼教我们怎样？🎼And another。🎼猜错了。

🎼So did it work well， yes， two dates on the ground and five at 100 metters turns out that adrenaline is an aphrodisiac。

This is all about physiology， that they were up there on the top of the viewing platform feeling fairly anxious about heights。

 but they misplaced that anxiety， they thought maybe that was due to the fact that they were with this attractive woman who was flirting with them and so they became far more likely to ask for her number。

😊，Of course， some people are lucky enough to cause a rush of adrenaline by just turning up。

 don't you just hate them and fancy them too， obviously， but hate them at the same time。

🎼But those of us less blessed have to try a bit harder。

 so one else might be right up there in importance alongside the way we look。

🎼In all the things that we ask about a partner， sense of humor is nearly always listed as， you know。

 the first， the second or the third on the list。 Most people want a sense of humor。 That explains it。

 Look at some of the funniest men in the business。 They're not exactly Lookers， are they。

 but they seem to havehold some seriously nice women。😊，🎼And what about funny women。

 are they pulling above their weight because laughing is sexy。

 obviously we're foty well brought up to say so what's the bottom line is being funny， sexy？

🎼Certainly very important， very important。🎼I love your jokes because that's her way of saying it I think you're funny meaning I think you're good fun You have to be open to tell jokes and you have to be open to enjoy jokes So that mutual openness makes you sort of available for sex as well It's nice to be funny It's not the end of the world if you're not Albert Einstein did a right for himself I don't remember himm cracking any jokes。

So how easy is it to laugh someone into bed and is that easier for men to do than for women？

🎼We did our own experiment and sent our volunteers speed dating two weeks running。Week one。

 we told them to be nice， but not to try to be funny。🎼B Joe average。

 we said serious and straightforward， but not the life and soul。

🎼You can get plane tickets for America that are just as cheap， if not cheaper， because I'm a teacher。

😊，🎼And know I was writing on the board today and my chare bro people we said to be serious。

 not to bo for England。🎼Okay， so Mr。 Joe average took being dull and turned it into an art form I mean the V600 whiteboard that's coming out I won allow it in the school。

🎼Inesting what with chalk and a blackboard and I was writing because my character was an English teacher I thought。

 well to a few of the girls I talked about the importance of grammar， whiteboards over chalkboards。

 class sizes。🎼So at end of week one， not trying to be funny。

 our girl has done rather well for herself， she's racked up a whopping 10 dating ticks。🎼Mr。

 personality， on the other hand， scored only one wonder why Have you got the V600 whiteboard？せて。

Week two， we told them both to be as funny as they could be How many ticks will they get now？

So it's like a boxing match。ItEnds with the bell。🎼You are not going to be sitting over there with that woman going Yeah the kids are even worse they come with handerenas and everything I say it's a nightmare I don't like jokes。

 I don't take drugss， I do sell drugss。😊，It's look funny to get that。

As long as you've got someone to peel you grape， you know you've got a good holiday。🎼End of week two。

 and it seems that making women laugh has improved our funny Man's chances。

 he received five dating ticks that's just five times better than last week。🎼Our funny girl。

 on the other hand， was only half as successful as she was last week with a mere five。

 no laughing matter。🎼This week I sort of had a personality that's how I look at it and this week I could see people's eyes move away。

 I could see people getting slightly intimidated and whereas last week you know if you're talking about them。

 then someone is always interested So what's going on Profess？😊，🎼If you're a funny person。

 you're normally a socially dominant person that seems traditionally as a male trait。

 so it's great if a guy is funny， guys don't find it at all attractive if a woman is funny because then dominant and they may in fact be more dominant in the guy。

 the guy will find that threatening Oh dear seems like being the life and soul of the party only really works for men for women。

 good sense of humorour just means laughing at his pathetic jokes。😊，🎼In part two。

 do women fancy the millionaire or the chauffeur Well I I go on the millionaire？

🎼And what's the right age to lose your virginity I tried to lose my virginity when I was full So when should our sex lives start when we were young。

 we were all jolly civilized， went about it the right way。🎼。

Just one or two things have changed since then， haven't they？

🎼The average age for losing your virginity for both boys and girls， according to a survey is 16。

Which is nice。🎼16。It's quite that later than I would have thought for the average age， to be honest。

🎼Soly from the area I grew up personally I was 17 which I think was。

🎼Okay it wasn't too bad I tried to lose my virginity when I was full team I met a French bloke called Hugo on holidayday but he wouldn't sha me he realised that I was too young and my husband got married at 21。

😊，🎼First time， because you had to be married to get a sha in those days。🎼He says。

I must have looked to quite attractive without my horrible milk bottle bottom glasses on and provided kept a mouse shut and didn't show the giant teeth iron an incredible figure and I did wear clothes very well but you don't see that at the time you just think you look like fucking olive oil and you're repulsive。

😊，🎼We know how that feels， Janet， we all try so hard to get it right and mostly we get it so wrong。

 so very， very wrong。🎼But are we always doomed to go for the same type， like Rod， for example。

 always exactly the same woman， but younger？Or is it just that he's getting older？

🎼Basically from the moment you're born your brain is sorting out what type you're going to end up attracted to it's got to do with for instance the first person that you sleep with you know who you lose your virginity to is incredibly important if it was a good experience you're going to be attracted to that sort of person for there on in if it was a bad experience you know say the guy was blonde you were just not gonna to fancy blondes after that they've been blonde they've been dark they've been tall they've been relatively short there was one guy that was six but six married women straight women black women。

 white women， women whove not spoken the same language and haven't spoken at all they're tall one short。

 one's fat one thin ones bald ones one same age as made one's 20 years younger onces 20 years older。

😊，Bit of a pick of mixed buffey。🎼But what is it about some of those colder cuts in the buffet which is helping them to pull some fantastic women Come on。

 you must have wondered this yourself what have all these dweebs got that I haven't？

🎼Doesn't always work， obviously， theory needs testing。Do women really find money a turn on？

🎼I think the reason power money or return on is because it shows that somebody's got direction。

 they can look after you， comes back down to， I think comes at quite a base level with the provider It's always been said that the aura of power is attractive。

😊，I used to wonder how some of the guys at the House of Commons who were very plain and dull characters could manage to have。

Attractive young researchers hanging on their arms。 Sometimes it's just too tempting， but no。

 we're just not going there。 Money is a huge factor in relationships。 It's a huge ephdisia。

 if you like， if somebody's wealthy， of course， that's attractive。

Time for some scientific delving to find out whether it's easy or difficult for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven。

🎼Women were asked to rate a whole host of different stimuli in terms of how much it aroused them sexually and having a conversation with a very wealthy man or having a conversation with a famous person were both rated extremely highly。

😊，🎼Money and famemen are women really this shallow？

🎼We took two more or less averagely attractive blokes。

 dressed up one as a chauffeur and the other as his boss。And stood them in front of a swanky car。

Then we asked women to tell us who they fancied the most。The one in the front with the hand。

I suppose it's we going for the one behind but I'm not。But I prepared you for many time。やっちゃく。

I try the gentleman in the hat more attractive because he looks more smart like Oh go on the millionaire。

😊，After an hour of the two of them standing looking like lemons。

 our pretend millionaire has four women saying they fancy him and the pretend chauffeur has a whopping 16 Oh that surprised you。

What surprised us anyway。🎼So what difference would it make if we swap them round will the man who was so successful when dressed as the chauffeur first time round still get as many votes now women think he's the millionaire？

So what with that？快。He's got hell and it looks good。 The man with a hat， because I like hats。

The one on the right and like his gloves and I like his hat。 I think the chauffeur。

The gentleman in the seat。Because he's the money， man。At the end of this test。

 the guy who was the showuff for last time got fewer votes now he seems like he's a millionaire。

 just nine。And the Blo who just got four votes when he was a millionaire， scored 11。

 now he's a chauffeur。Did our women disprove the theory。

 or were the women just a lot more clever than we were？We don't know。

 but we did find out something we hadn't anticipated。Because I like men in uniform。

 like a guy in uniform as well very da here，😊，🎼We do joke about firefighters， but I tell you。

 I had a couple of firefighters who used a garden for me。😊，🎼Of an afternoon。

 my girlfriends were around there having cups of coffee looking out the window saying。

 they're coming around today。😊，🎼A kinky little nurses out fit always does wonders for most men。

🎼A recent poll has revealed that nurses and firemen are considered the sexiest people in uniforms。

Closely followed by men in military uniforms， with 28% of women voting soldiers as their ultimate fantasy。

Then there's Air hostsesss， the stuff of adolescentcent fantasyant。

🎼Obviously it doesn't work with just any old uniform。🎼But for most men。

 a lot of pony dressing up isn't really an option， so we have to talk our way into your affections。

 so we wanted to find out whether it's possible to get someone into bed with a good line in bullshit。

🎼So， do chat uplines work？🎼I've carried out quite a research into the psychology of speed dating and in particular the chat upline that seem to work best and those that really encourage people to tick the yes I'd like to see this person in a game box were all about getting the other person to open up talk about themselves in a creative unusual and hopefully humorous way so if you're going to be an animal what animal would you be if you're going to be pizza topping what pizza topping would you be。

Pizza。Oh my God！😮，🎼No， it would work on May。Really。You want I to throw up and you say。

 well how dreadful because that implies that all your life from now on。

 if you go with this girl you like that like and all these dreadful things they put on pizzas。

 don't they， pizza should be cheese and tomato？😊，🎼We set our man loose on a bunch of unsuspecting females at a speed dating event to see whether using a load of chat up lines would make him more or less attractive to womenello Week one。

 No chat outlines the control bit of the experiment How will our man do when he's just being himself？

And I live in Chelsea。You will have a drink later't yes，🎼，🎼A good home。🎼The。

🎼So at the end of the normal speed dating evening， four dating ticks， not bad。

 but perhaps he should quit while he's ahead。🎼M。 bomb must틱。Week two。

 we send him back this time armed with a whole arsenal of chat uplines。

🎼Go for it ti was thinking nearest because my heart's off you can see in the eyes immediately hopes are completely dashed。

😊，Because they think， okay， this guy looks quite normal and then that upline delivered。

 dashed and much does a polar bear away。😊，I don't know but it breaks the ice What doesn't work are the real kind of classic chat up lines we've all heard a million times before so you know if I was going to rearrange the alphabet I'd put you and I together you and I together。

😊，小心。Those sorts of things really are not going to work because you're just thinking this is rehearsed。

 you know， what's this person thinking I know Freddie Flstone certainly your bedroom。毎です。

They don't work， they never work， if anything they backfire because she's highly suspicious look at your eyes。

If you go a mat because I'm getting lust。I literally delivered two or three lines to everyone。

And one is okay， two isn。Weird， three is psychopathic。

So did our wizard of the one liner light a candle in the hearts， not really。

 every one of them blew him out， not a single speed data wanted a date。

Anything ever work for any of you guys？The best chat up line is certainly it should be this simple。

 possible one， which doesn't get a yes or no answer。 I had a dream about you last。

 That's a classic one I had a dream about you last night。

 and another friend told me of a chat up line， which was。Oh， come on。 It'll only take half an hour。

Is that a ladder in your stockings or a stairway to heaven？😊。

🎼Best stick to dancing Brendan So next week we play the party game of Shag Mary D with six well known celebrities well with their pictures anyway one night done of Paris because shes just a dirty girl。

🎼And discover that it's really true that we grow to look like our partners。Bad news， Ka。

🎼And if you would like to see clips from the show or you want。

 some advice on improving your sex life， go to itv。com/moresex。😊。

