# 【A03】【言爱社】：08、从G点菜鸟道潮C大神：潮吹的真相：2关于潮吹这堂课的注意事项【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

🎼It's really important for you to not only learn by listening to the lecture。

 but really try out some of the demo， especially live with your partner。

 The most important portion of it is really getting your partner comfortable and you're creating a learning environment when you allow to make mistakes Most people who try those various technique get it on their fifth and seventh try。

 So don't feel like， oh my God， I can' do this。 or I don't know what I'm doing on their first try。

Basically what most people think about is that P is not P iss a different type of liquid they built up to stimulation so the ideal thing is make sure you stay hydrated。

 go to the bathroom before you play and then but stay hydrated so so the fluid builds back up squirting is not porn squirting so it's not about how far you could ejaculate you don't win a gold medaladow if you could shoot like more than 10 feet don't yuck people's yum so some people might really like squirting and some people might really hate it for some people as a party trick for some people they only orgasm that way。

I think one of other key distinction is that it is not necessarily eco agasm as in the way that you normally get off of have a climax。

 squirtting could be adjacent to having an orgasm， but this half of the time or one out of three so ideally and I was hear different technique on how to bring up the arousal。

 bring up the sensation and the pleasure and then you could kind of like come while you squirt。

