# 【A24】捆绑教程：绳笼捆绑【加微信：kc58567获取更多此类课程 】

Hi， I'm Naddy Bryant， and I'm going to show you how to do a krata。 Karata is a rope cage。

's we're going to use 50 feet of rope here。 The first thing we're going to do is find the bite center of the rope with a little loop right here。

To throw this over Sebastian Key's head here。Like that。

I'm going to do a knot that you've seen me do before， which is the double coin knot。

 So we're just going to start by making a counter a clockwise loop。

 So the loop goes around like this and then comes down over the top of the back of the rope。

Take the other side of our a rope here and put it behind that circle。I'm going to wrap。

This part of the rope here that's dropped down around this piece here。Up and over。

A behind this one right here。Open this up a little bit so you can see。 And now it's just。

Over this right here。Under。Over。And then pull it all through。Hold the rope right here。

 so that it doesn't。Bunch up and pulled， but not really， really tight。

She if something looks like a pretzel。So I take your pencil。And mess it a little bit。

 We're gonna bring this up a little bit higher because I want it to be a little higher on his chest。

So that's a double coin knot， we're going to do a couple of these down his body。

And I want to space them out about even of each other。

And I'm putting them kind of in little strategic locations。

 What's going to happen here is this rope is going to come out and make diamonds down his body。

 So one thing we want to do is make sure we take that into consideration。

 So if I wanted to not cover up this logo， I' put it here。Let me going just put it right here。

Soend me a circle this behind。Round。Over， under over。火堆哦。Ptzel。messs with a bit。And if you're。

Pretzel is a little off center like this one is it's a little kicked off to the side。

 going to pull my rope a little bit like that right here。And then just grab this。

Lead end over on the side， and pull it through。You can see it's nice straight now。

 you can do a bunch of couple more of those real quickly。I'm not going to talk through them。

So now we're gonna bring it around to the back。 And I'm going to loosen it up a bit。

 I want it to be kind of like this loose right here。

 The reason is that the rope is going to once the rope is being stretched like this。

 it's gonna start pulling down in his neck。 We don't want that。 So gonna。

Put it around a crotch like that。So I'm going to tie another。

 I'm just going tie a quick overhand knot， which is just like when you' tying your shoes。Right here。

This is just going to hold the bottom of this entire thing together。Lets stuff that down here。

I pull the rope under his ass。To lift it up like that。 It's kind of like a jockstr。

So now I're going to take the rope and pull it。Through like this。 So we've got a bite。

 You can see my lead end is on top。 And what I'm going to do is。Put the lead end through this bite。

Pu it all the way through。And then， pull it tight。We have that there for a second。

Do the same thing on this side。The reason I did that is now， I can。

Position this not wherever I want it， and it'll stay in place。

 So Sebastians gonna keep his arms down like that。 Are't you Sebastian， Yes， Sir。

And pull it around the back。And I'm just gonna。Rap it like this。See what I did。

 Just take the two hands。Twist them and pull。Just like that。So I'm going to bring this back around。

you can kind of see what's happening here。 So little loose， which is good。We're going to。

Do another one of those。 This is just a half hitch。Pll it around。One more half inch。Just like that。

I' going to bring this。Fund the back of him。Do the same thing I did before。

I' bring it back around with front。And now we're up to the shoulders。

 And you can see this is much tighter now on his neck， but it's not gonna。

Caus a strain on his neck because we left all that open space there。

So now we're just gonna finish it off。また？And the last thing I'm going to do is bring the rope。

Bring the rope down here， and going pull it underneath。All this make one half hitch。Real quick。

And I was gonna to bring this。U and forward。I wish you can do some really quick sinching。

This not only makes it look a lot nicer。But it also makes it a little more inescapable。

Not completely foolproof。But by cinching the ropes like this。

It looks nice and then we just can twist them around like this。You can see what I've done here。

 I'm just gonna finish that off with another。Half pitch in the back。Like that。And just do one more。

And I'll walk that knot in right there。Repeat the same on the other side。So just wrap around。

Re quick。 half hitch。Over all that room。Im just gonna finish that off。We。Have hitch in the back here。

Sooner or later。It's not a lot of rope left here。There we go。There you go， that is a karotta。

