# 【A27】其他未分类：31、21世纪性爱指南：[21世纪性爱指南].A.Girls.Guide.To.21St.Century.Sex.7of8.TVRip.XvidDarmeth

。🎼Welcome to a Girl's guide to 21st centuryury sex。 I'm Dr。 Catherine Hood。 And in this series。

 we examine every aspect of lovemaking， bringing you tips。

 advice and new techniques to give you greater confidence and invigorate your sex life。😊。

🎼Every week we explore in detail the world's most populous sexual positions and with our specially designed cameras we'll see what really happens to your body during intercourse。

😊，🎼And each week the Girl Guides experts， Dr。 Ava Cadell and Lou Pagedget from Los Angeles。

 will give you your very own personal coaching sessions on everything from weights that exercise your vaginal muscles to creams that will enhance your orgasm。

😊，🎼On tonight's show， why getting old Nen't mean an end your sex life and why some men enjoy the thrill and danger of sex in public places。

😊，🎼Now though， certain foods are thought to put you in the mood for love。

 but what exactly are aphrodisiacs， do they really work？😊，🎼An aphrodidic is a food， drink。

 drug or scent that promoters claim can arouse or increase sexual desire。😊，🎼Named after Aphrodite。

 the Greek goddess of Sexual love and beauty， the list of supposed sexual stimulants includes Anchos and adrenaline。

😊，🎼Licorice and even lard， scallops and Spanish flying。😊。

🎼Emmbraced in a memorable scene by Mickey Brock and Kim Basinger in the film nineine and a half Week。

 Aphrodisiacs remain a mystery。😊，🎼Some just look sexually provocative while others are said to contain magic ingredients。

 so can food really increase your sexual appetite or is it all in the mind？😊。

🎼Aphrodisias can work in a psychological level because people can associate food with sex I suppose a bit like training a dog to salivate when you ring a bell and you can train yourself into feeling like sex if you have oysters but it's very individual it's not that oysters will turn everybody on it's very dependent on what the couple that the individual has learned to associate with sex Wes and Kelly have been together for five years since they introduced food into their lovemaking three years ago they haven't looked back。

🎼Be a little bit more random。🎼And you do feel sexy and you know that she's probably feeling the same thing you and you go through the same situationss。

🎼When it comes to aphrodisiacs， the first food on most people's lips are oysters。😊。

🎼It's not a myth that oysters are an aphrodisiac they contain a lot of zinc and when you eat zinc it releases testosterone and that's the sex hormone in both men and women Chocolate is often given to women by their partners as a romantic gift but what is it that makes it so appealing to females Chocolate is a woman's most addicted aphrodisiac and that's because it releases the pleasure inorphins that make a woman feel like she's in love？

😊，And so it's no wonder that we want that feeling every day。

 and we have an insatiable appetite for more， more， more。

 Another food thought to be an aphrodiiac is asparagus。😊。

Asparagus is an aphrodisiac because of the shape that nature made it in。 Nature is brilliant。

 Anything that's shaped like a penis or a vagina is automatically an aphrodisiac。

 It has nutrients in it that get the blood flowing， and you become aroused more quickly。😊。

Whatever the aphrodic you choose， the atmosphere in which it's eaten is just as important。😊。

I tend to get the room set up for us。 I'd like the candles。

 and it's just kind of one of them things just to create an atmosphere for so that she feels special。

 It does it just all these together food， wine and drink。

 You just makes it all together My advice is to have fun with food and sex。

 Turn your lover into dessert。 get chocolate sauce。 put， you know， the sauce on the erogenous zones。

 not in them on them and lick it off。😊，Dip into strawberries in chocolate。

 I find that sexy because when she was licking the the chocolate off the strawberry and stuff。 again。

 it's another visual thing for me that is teasing me。 And it's not。 I'm not even touching anything。

 She's just doing something that he's making me feel sexy。

 And she's just doing something that's very。Really simple。And it makes me feel good。🎼You really。

 really， you are gagging to。😊，🎼Might love them， you are really， really。

 you're so desperate to might love them。🎼But you want that feeling and you've climax kind of had that feeling where you just now have to make love it。

 that's it， isn't it？🎼There is no limit to what can constitute an aphrodiziak is very dependent on the person's imagination and anything that they've associated with sex so it can range from chocolate right through to a vindoo curry and a pint。

 it really is dependent on the person。🎼If food and love is something that you find irresistible， Dr。

 Ava Gooddell has tips on how your man can even change the taste of his semen by changing his diet。

🎼My top tip tonight is how to make seamon taste and look good。 Well。

 I can tell you what makes it bad。 That's smoking。 It makes it bitter。

 alcoholcohol makes it sour meat eaters， taste a little too pungent。 vegetarians taste the best。

 But if you really want to taste sweet， eat lots of fruit。 In fact， make yourself a sex shape。

 blend fruit with honey just before you make love。 So what are you waiting for。😊。

🎼Still to come on a girl's guide to 21st century sex。

 the best sexual position if your partner's got a thin penis it's called splitting the ciccaada and the blood suckucking parasite that can live in your pubbic hair。

 genital crabs。😊，🎼Welcome back to a Girl's Guide to 21st centuryentury Sex Coming up How old will you be when you stop having sex We meet the men and women who are enjoying growing old disgracefully。

😊，🎼First， most of us only have sex in one or two positions。

 but there are hundreds of adventurous and imaginative positions to have intercourse with your partner each has its own special benefits。

 for instance， some are more appropriate if you're pregnant or overweight。

 others more suitable if your man has a small penis。😊。

🎼Tonight's position is called Splittting the Sada and is particularly helpful if your partner's penis is thin and lacks girth。

 I should warn you that the material you're about to see is of a particularly explicit nature。😊。

🎼This position has its roots in ancient China and can be traced back to a taoist sex manual calledSex of the Dark Girl。

 written in the5th century AD In this text， a mysterious woman gives sexual instruction to a mythical emperor。

🎼Known as splitting the cicada， this position consists of the woman lying on her front with her legs slightly parted。

🎼The man lies on top and he enters her from behind。

🎼This position allows the vagina to grip around the penis。

 which serves to heighten sexual pleasure and stimulation for both partners。

🎼The woman then remains relatively still， as her partner alternates six shallow strokes with nine deep thrusts。

🎼Before attempting any new sexual position it's important to ensure that both partners are aroused。

 foreplay is as essential as ever。🎼The backs of the knees are often neglected during love play。

 but they are in fact a powerful egenous zone when stroked or kissed。

🎼The nerve endings at the back of the knee gradually connect with the nerve endings which are upon the thigh and it's this sense of buildup of sensation and pleasure towards a gentle area that probably arouses a female。

😊，🎼And you have to remember that a woman's legs are half her body height and a huge surface area。

 and it's this enormous area of nerve endings that' stimulated at the same time during this。

The man and woman are now showing signs of arousal。🎼Blood has rushed to their genital areas。

The penis is erect。And the labia and Citors have become swollen。

🎼The barrel of the vagina is extended and lubricated and both partners are now fully aroused and ready to engage in sexual intercourse。

🎼To assume the splitting the sada position， the woman needs to be lying on her front。

 resting her head on her folded arms， with her legs almost together。

🎼The man lies on top of her and raises her bottom so he can enter her vagina taking some of his weight on his right arm。

🎼He then uses a rhythmic thrusting motion of six shallow strokes and nine deep strokes。

 a rhythm which is repeated until climax。🎼Splitting the cicada is not recommended if you have a heavy partner as nearly all of his body weight will be on top。

 the vaginal tunnel is very tight in this position and the woman is able to focus attention on gripping the penis even more tightly with pelvic floor muscles。

🎼The reason for alternating six shallow strokes with nine long strokes is to make the most of the different sensations created by varied depths of penetration It also serves to delay male orgasm as the man doesn't experience one type of stimulation for too long。

🎼With this position， the man is supposed to restrain from ejaculation until the woman has reached orgasm。

🎼At the point of her climax， the man should stop his strokes and allow the contractions of her vagina to massage his penis into orgasm。

🎼If this doesn't happen， then the man may wish to continue with the previous method or use the pace and depth that will most effectively help him reach climax。

🎼One minor drawback to prolonged intercourse or this stop start method is that some men may find it difficult to achieve orgasm if it's delayed for too long One problem of the stop start technique is that it causes significant engourgment of the blood vessels in the pelvis。

 this can be quite uncomfortable and thereby it can prolong orgasm or even delay completely。

🎼Women can experience something very， very similar。

 whereby the pelvis itself becomes quite en goorge without any relief afterwards。

 and again there's a sense of heaviness or discomfort in the pelvis。😊，🎼Fortunately。

 this discomfort for both sexes is temporary and fairly mild。

🎼It can be relieved by masturbating to climax， which helps to dissipate the engged blood vessels。

🎼A variation of this position is if the woman spreads her legs as wide as possible to allow him to enter her deeper with more scope for thrusting。

😊，🎼She can also raise herself up onto her hands with her back arched to change the angle of entry。

🎼With our specially adapted internal cameras， we can now see what happens to the barrel of the vagina at the peak of orgasm。

🎼Here we can see how tightly the walls of the vagina gripped the penis。🎼あ。

🎼A final benefit of this position is that after orgasm。

 the man and woman only have to move slightly to be in a position to cuddle and sleep together。😊。

🎼Now you'd think you were staring at the face of an alien being but this microscopic monster can live in your pubic hair。

 here's everything you need to know about genital crabs。😊，🎼They bite you and suck your blood。

It can be hitchy。🎼They lay eggs that look like little。🎼Pearl droplets。

🎼Most of us would admit to having knits as a child。

 but when very similar parasites attack the pubic hair， it can be a very different story。😊。

🎼The medical term for crabs is thyus pubs and you get it from close contact with someone they only live in the coarse hairs of the body so in men they can live on your chest hair。

 your armpit hair， your leg hair and your pubic hair and the hairs around your anus in women tend to affect primarily the genital area but they can affect your eyelashes and eyebrows as well The reason they don't affect your head hair is that their legs are only so far apart and the distance between the hairs on your body versus your head are different your head hairs are too close together so they can't quite get falling off they try to do that that's the crab blouse you can see its arms hanging hooking onto this the hair。

 pubic hair here you can see its arms hanging onto it that's the body of the louse and that's its sort of limbs holding onto the hair particle they're quite nasty looking things as you can see under the microscope。

 they look like some sort of freakish alien from another planet they are embarrassing because you know you see them crawling around you and your pubic area it's something that people don't feel they want to talk about。

It scares the hell you could see the movement。Do you feel like。

When you see that you do feel shocked and you do feel dirty because。

And something down there shouldn't be down there something。

There's a parasite basically 19 year old Daniel McCaffffery is in his first year at university and he's enjoying all the freedoms that college life can bring。

In first year， especially the first semester， a lot of people are sleeping around。

 I was gone out to local clubs， down to my union。And every now going I come back where someone different。

 basically have sex sort of thing like one night stands。Unfortunately for Daniel。

 this newfound sexual freedom hasn't come without a cost。This past year。

 I've had crabs or gentleized food。My one night stands， they' like little vampires。

 they'll eat away at you suck in your blood。 and then when you're seeing them run around。

 it freaks you out。🎼When Daniel discovered he'd caught genital lice。

 he was unsure how to deal with them and decided to take the drastic step of shaving off his pubic hair。

🎼Well get rid body hair， shaving your bottles is the hardest one to do that with crabs doesn't work because it they can cling it into your skin。

🎼They can bury the eggs under the skin and just。🎼It's impossible driven by shaaving off your body hair。

🎼Daniel's shave hadn't worked and for days he continued to go to college feeling very uncomfortable when youre about。

😊，🎼And with your friends and youve got crabs you can't scratch it because they'll see it you're out in public as well which can be embarrass to yourself it is difficult to get fast because you don't wantan to talk to anyone about it and I felt ashamed for catching it I did feel dirty because I didt feel shocked I didn't know what to do I was thinking oh fuck I forgot this how the hell to get rid of that sort of thing。

🎼Finally， Daniel sought advice from a friend and got himself a bottle of lotion from the chemist。

🎼They're very easy to get rid of you can buy the treatments from booths for head lice。

 they tend to work for pubic lies， make sure you cover the armpit hairs and all the coar hairirs of your body but you shouldn't use it on your face and repeat it after a week because the eggs hatch in a week so that ones that have hatched will be killed on the seven day reapplication of treatment so they're easy to sort out you don't have to stuff with heaven lies you don't have to go through't go to a doctor you don't have to go on speak to your parents or friends about it you can just go down the chemist with piece of paper it written on or just for some of a gentleital ice or you can just ask at the counter and the part of you you just use that guess rid of it and it stops the itching but the important thing to remember is that if you've got crab lies then you might have also been exposed to chlamydia or something else so perhaps it's still worth having a sexual checkup。

🎼Having gone through the experience of catching genital icece。

 Daniel is now more aware of protecting his sexual health。😊。

🎼I'm going to go and get myself checked out and always use condodowns there after because I don't want to catch anything that's worse and less and hopefully not going to catch them again and I'm hoping to lead a clean say sexual life。

🎼Now they say that life begins at 40， but some people's sex drives are on the wane by that age。

 so if you're worried about losing your libido later in life。

 here are some pensioners who still enjoy sex。😊，🎼It's a commonly held belief that men reach their sexual peak in their late teens and women in their early30s after that our libidoes our energy levels and our stamina all plummet。

 but not anymore， better diets and health awareness are making us live longer and HRT and sex life enhancing drugs mean we can enjoy sex to an older age。

😊，🎼Older people are often perceived as relatively sexually inactive and we know this isn't the case we know that there's a wide range of sexual activities at all ages and that for many people in later life they maintain their sexual activity with three divorces behind him。

 70 year old George Parker may be single but he certainly hasn't lost any of his sex If you want to continue your sexual life when you're older and you haven't got a partner。

😊，🎼Then a do is an express thing George went to California to pick up his new girlfriend from the factory。

🎼Emma is one of the most high tech sex toys currently on the market。

 Each doll is individually made to the specifications of the customer with features like lifelike skin and kissable mouths。

 But the real reason George wanted a doll was because of a common problem in older men。😊。

🎼I was finding it difficult to get aroused。😔，🎼Just by wking。🎼Which was very frustrating。🎼Sai。

🎼I decided to buy a doll to make the whole thing more realistic and exciting。

🎼She normally lives upstairs hanging from the ceiling。

And their only use is to havebss sex with for men， they find it difficult to respond with such firm erections as they used to get as a young man that it takes longer to become sexually stimulated。

 and they require more tactile stimulation as well。

 erections are sometimes not as firm as they used to be。 And there's a longer time between erections。

But the dolls specially designed with that in mind。Well， the event is where the dullle is。对。

The vagina openingening is adjustable。Simply by opening her legs， the vagina opens wide。

And you can put your penis in， even though it's shoved。Then once it's in there。

 the suction will keep it in there。You then do get a sensation。Pavian sexs。

What does take a hell of a lot longer？Is for the orgasm to arrive。

George is convinced at this time in his life， Emma provides a better sexual service than a real woman。

 but he hasn't completely written off finding another partner。Female companionship。

I something that comes along or not if it comes along。Okay， but if it doesn't。

There's not much you can do about it， but until she does。

You don't have to give up on sex Two other people who haven't given up on sex are Jean and Ian Brooke。

 they've been happily married for 32 years， but how has their sex life changed during that time James's got a higher sex drive than I have？

But when we were young， we both had a high sex child， didn't we， Did you， I must have missed that。喂喂。

When you first meet， it's like having a new toy， isn't it， like a car or anything。

 And you can't leave it alone。 You want to be out there。 You want to be touching it。

 You want to be washing it。 You want to be cleaning it。 You lift in the bonnetage。

 Youre lift in the boot。 you're in the back seat， you're in the front seat。

 And that's how it goes on。 And is's exactly the same with6。You know， when youre first married。

 but after 30 or js， not as active as you get older you need less。 you do。

 but that doesn't apply to everybody because everybody's different。 libido is like a sexual appetite。

 and it can increase and decrease under different circumstances。 libido itself does not decrease。

 particularly with age， but sexual function does。 I don't all too easy as I did when。 No， I like to。

 I don't。I'm not so eager these days。And it probably takes me longer， doesn't it。

gasm Well as both men and women age， testosterone levels gradually decline so a woman or a man in their 20s versus a woman or man in their 50s the 20 year old has about twice as much as testosterone as the older person testosterone is essential for blood flow for essential for orgasm essential for libido energy mood。

 bone mineral density so there's a multitude of functions that both estrogen and testosterone serve Well we do know that there are changes in sexual function as people get older and for women there is profound changes at the time of the menopause when the oestrogen hormone decreases that can result in hot flushes and sweats which can disturb ladies sleep so that they then feel tired and because they're hard they don't feel like responding to the overtures of their partner but if sexual intercourses。

🎼Not maintained then the vagina can get smaller and drier and narrower making sex more difficult sexualex activity maintains a good blood supply to the area and will keep the vaginal tissues healthy。

😊，🎼So just like keeping your brain active， if you want to feel sexually active。

 you need to be sexually active the vagina will stay loose and lubricated。

 the penis will keep its erectile strength， both man and woman will still be able to orgasm and the only real limitation is how physically fit you are to do everything that you used to do。

🎼I think there's nothing better than having gold fire。😊。

🎼I set Catine and then going to bed now sex she still turns me。🎼I've got no complaints at all。

🎼Remember， sex will give your heart a mild workout and can actually keep you more healthy as you get older。

😊，🎼But getting old isn't the only thing affecting our sex lives these days living in a modern society means we're working harder and longer hours。

 leaving less time for pleasure， so if you've ever found that you're too tired at the end of the day to bother with sex。

😊，🎼Los Angeles sex educator Lou Pagedget has some advice on how to reclaim the peak of your sexual fitness。

Tonight we're going to be talking about sexual fitness and how that tool you call your body can give you better sex so ladies。

 one of the things that we all know is that the better shape your body's in。

 the better sex you're likely going to be having。Whether that is your pulmonary， your lung capacity。

 blood flow， your diet， all of those things are going to impact you in addition to which there's other exercises and certain sports that will enhance things even more。

Dancing often tends to be one that A increases the flexibility， increases your cardiac capacity。

 and increases your ability to want to like move through space。For women who do hip rolls。

 their comment is that their boyfriends have said they are some of the tightest women they have ever been with。

It's not tightening like this， it's not a tightening here。

 it is something that is felt in the lower area here， and it is stopping the flow of urine。

That is the sensation that you are looking for and that's because that exercise constantly tightens that lower pelvic area for men they can exercise their PC muscles when their penis jumps。

 that's them tightening their PC muscle contracting it they can do it by putting like a small light start off with a dry washclo and work up to a wet one and then do it in the shower that will have them strengthen it in the fitness area one great thing to be doing is yoga。

It's your balance， it's focus， it's breathing， and particularly for men， flexibility。

And this is something called。Vaginal weightlifting egg。

 And so what you do with this is it's inserted。And you walk around with it in。

 And it will give a woman something to have resistance against。

 And what a woman can also do is put something on to the end of it that's weighted and just concentrate on holding it in。

 So when it comes to sexual fitness， you have many ways of achieving it。 dance， yoga， wet wash class。

Good luck。 And good sex。🎼Coming up on a girl's guide to 21st centuryy sex， sex in public places。

 how some seek this is a thrilling pastime。😊，🎼Welcome back to a girl's Guide to 21st century sex Seeking to have sex in public places is something both gay and straight men do why？

😊，🎼Cottaging is anonymous sex in a public lavatory or picking up a stranger in a public toilet to go and have sex elsewhere。

🎼It's sex without strings for men， whether gay or straight The term cottaget refers to a small freestanding building housing toilets Faous cottages include MP Ron Davis and pop star George Michael。

🎼The first time I went Cotging was about two years ago Neil is 24。

 he was introduced to Cotdging by an ex boyfriend。🎼As the charge for someone caught cottagedging is public indecency。

 which carries a maximum penalty of two years， Neil has chosen to remain anonymous。

🎼I was going out with somebody who admitted that he used to go quite often and I was curious and I said。

Take me along， take me along and show me what goes on and I kind of hit in the cubicle and watch what he was doing。

🎼'ca he'd been doing it a long time he picked up on who was interested the guy glanced at him for me that wouldn't have been enough to convince me they were interested I wouldn't have come onto them I would have been too shy but he did and he just started masturbating at the ural and I came out of the cubicle and gave the guy hand job and that was it was quite fun it was。

🎼It was the thrill of doing something that was naughty and public and that oh my God somebody could walk in at any moment this is dangerous it was a dangerous thrill Cotaging is largely a single activity so people both men who are predominantly homosexual and also a lot of married men do it go off。

😊，🎼On their own。🎼And sort of me who they would want to meet there And I suspect that's part of the excitement not actually knowing who you're going to come across Some of those guys will be gay or bisexual and be out about it and happy with that a lot of them won't be either they are just not out about it either to themselves or others fully or they're genuinely not that interested in men but they just really horny and they want somebody to get off with and it's convenient so they go there。

🎼Performing a sexual act on a stranger in a public toilet is not most people's idea of a dream date。

But Cogen was born out of necessity。It dates back to a time when to be homosexual was a criminal offence。

 and gay men were forced to be clandestine about their activities。

The fact of most public toilets is that they are physically dirty。

 and it's not the ideal place to have a nice relaxed sex。

 But sometimes the very nature of it being so dirty and Cdy can be quite a turn on it。

s certainly a novelty。 The fact that it's a sort dirty place in the toilet may be part of the motivation for some。

 I think some people really like simply the sex。 You know。

 it's an opportunity to have sex without paying for it。 when you want it。

 So that obviously has some appeal。 I think there are additional excitements in the fact that it is somebody very。

 is very random。 It's a sort stranger， it may be slightly dirty， that maybe the risk of exposure。

 all these things add to it。 And because if you look at people。

 some people get addicted specifically to that form of sex。 So， for example。

 they won't go necessarily to。Clubs sorts of sort of gay sauns。

 but they were cottageging is their particular release。 The whole thing is completely nonverbal。

 I've not really ever seen words exchanged。 People will make a bit of eye contact。

 And if it's returned。 then they'll like kind of obviously look at each other's bodies and become more and more blatant with that。

 standing at the Uinos is a good one because you can just pretend you're having a piss if somebody glances a lot and then they really start looking。

 it's pretty obvious what they want。 I think it would be a rare and stupid person that would immediately just get their cockow and start jacking off in front of somebody if you didn't test the water by making eye contact a little bit。

 it's good etiquette。 but also I've heard people go。

 I can't even go in that toilet there' quez and they might try and molest me or something。

 a lot of steps are taken to ensure that you don't come onto the wrong person for everyone's benefit。

 For Neil， it was the no strings attached sex， which was the attraction。

 The idea of never talking to somebody just making eye contact And a couple of seconds they。

Having sex was fascinating， you know it was exciting there is certainly a sense of fear that you know it might it might go wrong somehow that I suppose that you'll get caught or that the wrong person will see you doing it or realize what you're doing and you know be very aggressive with you about it because they don't approve So there's that fear and risk taking element of it which was I suppose the biggest motivation for me。

😊，Cottages are usually situated in quiet areas， where there aren't many passesers by。

The biggest clue is the graffiti， walls will be covered in names and phone numbers。

There's more to cottageging than finding a public toilet。There are safety issues。

 The personal risk of contracting sexually transmitted infections and the dangers involved when you put yourself in a vulnerable situation。

The general public is quite aware of the fact that people go cottageging and I think the general perception is still that it's quite a bad thing to do。

 I think the cottageging thing will always have its place。

 but I think the internet definitely is is probably reducing the need for people having to have sex in a monkey or public toilet。

🎼Cottaaging can be a thrill， but it's a risky business。

 You don't know who you're going to meet and you might be putting yourself in physical danger。

🎼And oral sex without a condom isn't totally safe either。

 as you can pick up many infections from the throat。😊。

🎼Our mission on a Girl's guide to 21st centuryy sex is to get you enjoying and experiencing better sex all we can do is give you advice and tipsUltimately it's up to you to express yourself and put it all into action。

😊，So join us next week as we continue our exciting journey through the facts。

 the myths and the science of human sexuality。😊，🎼Next time on a girl's Guide to 21st centuryury sex。

 vaginal rejuvenation， for women getting genital makeovers。😊，🎼Tips to perfect mutual masturbation。

🎼And gender reassignment， just how does a penis become a vagina？

🎼A free guide to accompany our series， a girl's Guide 21st Century sex is available to download from our website thats 5。

tv/ factact sheetets。